contention						论点，争论，竞争
hijack						劫持，把持
dweller						居住者
buck							雄兽，责任，男人，使摔下，抵抗
pass the buck					推卸责任
view							观点，思维方式，视野，景色，看
pronoun						代词
contribution					作用，贡献，捐助
undecided						悬而未决的，犹豫不决的
restrict						限制
reverse						相反情况，失败，相反的，倒档
grasp							紧抓，掌握，理解
provoke						激怒
texture						手感，口感，韵味
publicity						媒体的关注，宣传
format						样式，格式
indifferent						漠不关心的，一般的
incentive						刺激，优惠
prejudice						偏见，侵害
assumption						假定，获得，承担
habitual						通常的，习惯性的
sculpture						雕塑
responsibility					负责，义务
manuscript						手抄本，手稿
duplicate						复制，重复，副本
ecosystem						生态系统
humorous						幽默的
contaminate						污染
orbit							轨道，势力范围，绕...运行
evolve						进化，逐步发展
skyrocket						飞涨
\\\\\\\\

n. [U] [正式] 比赛:
n. [U] [正式] 争吵、争论、争执:
n. [C] [正式] ~ (that…)（尤指争论时的）看法，观点:
n. [U] [正式] 争吵、争论、争执:
contention |[kənˈtenʃn]
play-off contention（美）季后赛 
title contention（美）冠军争夺赛 
The comets were eliminated from play-off contention. 彗星队被淘汰，无缘季后赛。
an area of contention 争论的范围 
a bone of contention 争论的问题 
a point of contention 争论的要点 
a source of contention 争论的根源 
Where to go on holiday is always a bone of contention in our family. 到哪儿去度假总是我们家争论的焦点。
One area of contention is the availability of nursery care. 争论的一个方面是提供幼儿保育的可能性。
It is our client's contention that the fire was an accident. 我们当事人的看法是这场火灾属于意外。
Her main contention is that staff should get better training. 她的主要观点是职员应得到更好的培训。
I would reject that contention. 我不会同意那种观点。
This evidence supports their contention that the outbreak of violence was prearranged. 这一证据证实了他们的观点，即此次突发暴力事件是有预谋的。
Sufficient research evidence exists to support this contention. 有足够的调查证据支持这个观点。         
an area of contention 争论的范围 
a bone of contention 争论的问题 
a point of contention 争论的要点 
a source of contention 争论的根源 
Where to go on holiday is always a bone of contention in our family. 到哪儿去度假总是我们家争论的焦点。
A particular source of contention is plans to privatise state-run companies. 发生争执的一个根源就是国营公司的私有化方案。
One area of contention is the availability of nursery care. 争论的一个方面是提供幼儿保育的可能性。
They generally tried to avoid subjects of contention between them. 他们一般都尽量避免会引起彼此不和的话题。
There is no contention between the two groups. 这两个团体之间没有争执。


unlawfully seize (an aircraft, ship, or vehicle) in transit and force it to go to a different destination or use it for one's own purposes:在运输途中非法扣押（飞机、船舶或车辆）并强迫其前往不同的目的地或将其用于自己的目的
steal (goods) by seizing them in transit:通过在运输途中抓住它们来窃取（货物）
take over (something) and use it for a different purpose:接管（某事）并将其用于不同的目的
an incident or act of hijacking:劫持事件或行为
hijack |ˈhʌɪdʒak| Noun/Verb/:劫持
a man armed with grenades hijacked the jet yesterday:昨天一名手持手榴弹的男子劫持了飞机
the UN convoys have been tamely allowing gunmen to hijack relief supplies:联合国车队一直温顺地允许枪手劫持救援物资
he argues that pressure groups have hijacked the environmental debate:他认为压力团体劫持了环境辩论

n. [C]（尤用于构成复合词）居住在某地的一个动物，如栖息者:
n. [C]（尤用于构成复合词）居住在某地的一个人，如居民、居住者:
dweller |[ˈdwelə(r)]
city, town, urban dweller 城市居民；城镇居民 
country, rural dweller 乡村居民；农村居民 
the poor slum dwellers of the capital city 首都贫民区那些可怜的居民 
cave, cliff, forest dweller 穴居人；悬崖洞人；林区居民 
apartment dweller（尤美）公寓房客 
Apartment dwellers are still primarily couples and singles. 公寓里住的主要还是夫妻或者单身男女。

If you pass the buck, you refuse to accept responsibility for something, and say that someone else is responsible. 推诿责任
If you buck the trend, you obtain different results from others in the same area. If you buck the system, you get what you want by breaking or ignoring the rules. 违逆 (潮流); 抗拒 (体制)
If a horse bucks, it kicks both of its back legs wildly into the air, or jumps into the air wildly with all four feet off the ground. (马) 狂蹬后腿跃起; 四蹄离地狂跳
A buck is a U.S. or Australian dollar. 美元; 澳元
buck |英 [bʌk]  | n. （美）钱，元；雄鹿；纨绔子弟；年轻的印第安人或黑人/n. (Buck)人名；(英、西)巴克；(法)比克；(德、瑞典、匈)布克/
David says the responsibility is Mr. Smith's and it's no good trying to pass the buck.大卫说责任应该由史密斯先生承担，试图推诿责任毫无益处。
He wants to be the tough rebel who bucks the system.他想成为抗拒体制的强硬叛逆者。
While other newspapers are losing circulation, we are bucking the trend.其他报纸发行量在下降，而我们却逆势而进。
The stallion bucked as he fought against the reins holding him tightly in.那匹种马四蹄离地狂跳，试图挣脱紧紧拴住它的缰绳。
Why can't you spend a few bucks on a coat?为什么你不能花几美元买件外套呢？
That would probably cost you about fifty bucks.那可能会花费你大约五十美元。


view sb/sth with sth 以某种方式来看待某人或某事物，即把…视为…，以…看待…:
n. 1 [U, sing.] 用于谈论你是否能看见…（或在某种情况中某事物是否可被看到），如观看，看，视野，视线等:
2 [C] 也可用viewing，观看（或瞻仰）…的一次特别的机会，如一睹:
vt. 1 看某事物（尤指仔细观看）:
2 察看房子等（以便购买或租用）:
n. [C] 从某处所看到的景色（尤指乡间美景）:
vt. [正式] 观看电视、电影等:
n. 1 [C] view (about/on sth)（就某事所持有的）个人看法，对某件事的态度。可以是某个人的看法，也可以是一群人的看法。此时与opinion几无差别:
2 [sing.] view (of sth) 理解所思考某事的方式，即理解（或思维）的方式，方法:
n. [C]（展示了一个有趣的地方或景色的）一张图画，即风景画:
n. [C] 展示了一个有趣的地方或景色的一张照片，即风景照:
view |[vju:]
vt. view sb/sth as sth 
She viewed him with suspicion. 她以怀疑的目光看待他。
These results should be viewed cautiously. 应当谨慎看待这些结果。
Try to view the situation objectively. 要尽量客观地看待这种情况。
This conduct is not viewed as acceptable. 这种行为被认为是不可接受的。
He is widely viewed as a possible leader. 人们普遍认为他有可能成为首领。
The lake soon came into view. 那湖很快映入眼帘。
There was nobody in view. 一个人也看不见。
Sit down--you’re blocking my view. 坐下，你挡住我的视线了。
He was shot in full view of a large crowd. 他在众目睽睽之下遭枪杀。
bird’s-eye view 鸟瞰图 
back, front view 背视图；前视图 
close view 近景 
We take a long-term view of the business.（比喻用法）我们从长远的眼光来看待生意。
a private view 画展预展 
to view her work 观赏她的作品 
a viewing platform 观景台 
The property can only be viewed by appointment. 只有预约方可察看这处房产。
magnificent views of the surrounding countryside 四周乡间的秀丽景色 
commanding, expansive, sweeping view 居高临下的景观；开阔的景致；一览无余的景色 
ocean（尤美）, sea（尤英）view 海景 
I’d like a room with a view. 我想要一个可以观赏风景的房间。
viewing audience 观众 
to view the movie 看影片
In my view it was a waste of time. 依我看，这是浪费时间。
a frank exchange of views 坦诚交换意见 
prevailing view 盛行的观点 
personal views 个人观点 
conflicting view 相冲突的观点 
philosophical, political view 哲学观点；政治观点 
He has an optimistic view of life. 他乐观地看待人生。
the Christian view of the world 基督教的世界观 
The traditional view was that marriage was meant to last. 传统的观念是结成夫妻就要白头到老。
negative, pessimistic view 消极的观点；悲观的看法
a book with views of Paris 一本有巴黎风光的书

n. [C]（语法）代词:
pronoun |[ˈprəʊnaʊn;美ˈproʊ-]
plural, singular pronoun 复数代词；单数代词 
first-person, third-person pronoun 第一人称代词；第二人称代词
anaphoric, definite, demonstrative, indefinite, interrogative, personal, possessive, reflexive, relative pronoun 前指代词；限定代词；指示代词；不定代词；疑问代词；人称代词；物主代词；反身代词；关系代词 
object, subject pronoun 宾格代词；主格代词 
feminine, masculine pronoun 女性代词；男性代词

contribution [toward(s) sth/doing sth] 一部书、一本杂志、一个广播节目、一次讨论等的一部分:
contribution [toward(s) sth/doing sth] 促成引起某事物或促成增加某事物的一种行动或作用，即贡献、促成作用:
n. [C] 为一本书或一本杂志所撰写的“稿件”。 强调稿件的供应:
n. 1 [C] 向一个人或一家机构所捐赠的一笔钱（以资助某事），相当于donation:
2 [C] 你定期向你的雇主或政府所缴纳的一笔钱（以得到医疗保险、养老金等益处）:
3 [U] 为帮助一个人或一个组织机构，向其进行的捐赠（尤指钱款的捐赠）:
n. [C] 一部书、一本杂志等的一部分，如“稿件”:
contribution |[toward(s)sth/doingsth]一部书、一本杂志、一个广播节目、一次讨论等的一部分:[toward(s)sth/doingsth]促成引起某事物或促成增加某事物的一种行动或作用，即贡献、促成作用:[͵kɒntrɪ'bju:ʃn]
Each of these writers has made an individual contribution to the discussion. 这些作家在这场讨论中个个都发了言。
All contributions for the May issue must be received by Friday. 所有要在五月这一期发表的稿件必须在星期五以前寄到。
He made a very positive contribution to the success of the project. 他对项目的成功贡献良多。
The author acknowledges the contributions of scientist Charles Green. 作者对科学家查尔斯·格林的贡献表示感谢。
the car’s contribution to the greenhouse effect 汽车对加剧温室效应所起的作用 
Researchers have argued over the relative contributions of nature and nurture to the human personality. 遗传与后天培养对人性格的影响孰大孰小，研究者们看法不一。
All contributions for the May issue must be received by Friday. 所有要在五月这一期发表的稿件必须在星期五以前寄到。
to make a substantial contribution to charity 给慈善事业的一笔大额捐款 
All contributions will be gratefully received. 我们对所有捐资表示感谢。
We were asked to make a contribution towards the cost of the meal.（英）我们被要求为饭费出一点儿钱。
insurance, pension contribution 保险金的定期缴款；养老金的定期缴款 
Residents made a net contribution to public finances of $2.6 billion. 居民们对公共财政的净贡献额为26亿美元。
We rely entirely on voluntary contribution. 我们全靠自愿捐赠。
All contributions for the May issue must be received by Friday. 所有要在五月这一期发表的稿件必须在星期五以前寄到。

~ (as to sth)（某人）还没拿定主意的:
~ (as to sth)（某人）还没拿定主意的:
2 [名词前不常用]（某事）尚未被决定的:
undecided |[ˌʌndɪˈsaɪdɪd]
I'm still undecided (about) who to vote for. 我还拿不定主意投谁的票。
After university she was still undecided as to what career she wanted to pursue. 大学毕业后她仍决定不下来要从事什么职业。
They are undecided as to whether to buy a new car. 他们还没有决定是否买新汽车。
The government remains undecided on this issue. 对此问题政府依然未作决定。
I'm still undecided (about) who to vote for. 我还拿不定主意投谁的票。
After university she was still undecided as to what career she wanted to pursue. 大学毕业后她仍决定不下来要从事什么职业。
He says he's counting on undecided voters to help him win next week's election. 他说他寄希望于尚未作出决定的选民帮他赢得下周的选举。
Only about 5% of the voters are truly undecided. 只有大约5%的选民确实拿不定主意。
She is as yet undecided about her career.（as yet尤为英式用法）她还没有想好未来从事什么职业。
He is still undecided about what to do. 他仍未决定要做什么。
They are undecided as to whether to buy a new car. 他们还没有决定是否买新汽车。
The government remains undecided on this issue. 对此问题政府依然未作决定。
The venue for the World Cup remains undecided. 世界杯的举办地点尚未确定。
The question cannot be left undecided. 这个问题不能悬而不决。

vt. ~ sth (to sth) 限制，限定（规模、数量、范围等）:
vt. 束缚、妨碍（人的行动自由或做事自由）:
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 以法律或规则来约束:
vt. ~ yourself/sb (to sth/to doing sth) 约束自己:
restrict |[rɪˈstrɪkt]
There is talk of raising the admission requirements to restrict the number of students on campus. 有传闻称将通过提高录取条件来限制在校学生的数目。
We restrict the number of students per class to 10. 我们将每个班的学生人数限定为10人。
The French, I believe, restrict Japanese imports to a maximum of 3 per cent of their market. 我认为，法国将把从日本的最高进口量限制在其市场总量的3％。
Speed is restricted to 30 mph in towns. 在城里车速不得超过每小时30英里。
Fog severely restricted visibility. 浓雾严重影响了能见度。
The hospital may restrict bookings to people living locally. 这家医院可能会限定只有当地居民才能预约。
Camping is restricted to five designated campgrounds. 露营被限制在指定的五个野营地。
The long skirt restricted her movements. 长裙妨碍了她的行动。
Villagers say the fence would restrict public access to the hills. 村民们说架篱笆能限制公众进山。
The government imprisoned dissidents, forbade travel, and restricted the press. 政府囚禁了持不同政见者，禁止出游，并且限制了新闻自由。
Having small children tends to restrict your freedom. 有年幼的孩子往往会限制你的自由。
The patient isn't restricted to a meagre diet. 并没有限制这位病人少吃东西。
Access to the club is restricted to members only. 俱乐部仅对会员开放。
The government is considering new laws which will further restrict people's access to firearms. 政府正在考虑制订新法律，以进一步限制人们拥有枪支。
attempts to restrict the sale of alcohol 限制售酒的尝试 
I restrict myself to one cup of coffee a day. 我限制自己每天只喝一杯咖啡。
He needs to restrict his intake of red meat. 他需要限制红肉的摄入量。
He was, however, allowed to stay on at the temple as long as he restricted himself to his studies. 然而，只要他专心学习，他就可以继续留在寺庙里。
The authors largely restrict their attention to three issues. 这些作家将注意力主要集中在三件事上。

vt. [美] ~ yourself (on sth) 承认错误:
vt. [美] ~ yourself (on sth)（在争论中）放弃立场:
n. [C] [正式] 损失；失败；（从成功到失败的）倒退:
vt. 撤销，废除（决定、法律等）:
vt. 交换、对调（位置或功能、角色）:
vt. [英] ~ (the) charges 打对方付费的电话:
vt.（趋势、过程等）逆转、转变到对立面:
vt. 使物体反转；使次序颠倒:
adj. 1 相反的:
2 与正面相反的，即背面的、反面的:
n. 1 [sing.] the reverse可指相反的情况（或事物）:
2 [sing.] the reverse可指（硬币、材料、纸张等的）背面、后面、反面:
3 [sing.] in reverse 反向；逆序:
4 [sing.] go/put sth into reverse（使）出现逆转，转化为对立面:
vt.&vi. [尤英]（使）车辆倒退行驶，即倒车:
n. [U]（也可用reverse gear）倒挡；倒车:
reverse |[rɪˈvɜ:s;美rɪˈvɜ:rs]
He has reversed himself on a dozen issues. 他已经不再坚持自己在一系列问题上的立场。
Property values have suffered another reverse. 房地产价值再次遭受损失。
a damaging political reverse 具有破坏性的政治倒退 
It's clear that the party of the former Prime Minister has suffered a major reverse. 显然，前首相所在党派遭受了重大的挫折。
Their forces have suffered serious reverses in recent months. 他们的部队在最近几个月里严重受挫。
The Court of Appeal reversed the decision. 上诉法庭撤销了这项裁决。
They have made it clear they will not reverse the decision to increase prices. 他们已经明确表示不会撤销提价的决定。                      
It felt as if we had reversed our roles of parent and child. 感觉就像我们父母和孩子交换了角色。
She used to work for me, but our situations are now reversed. 过去她为我工作，而现在我们的地位对调了。
He reversed the position of the two stamps. 他将两枚邮票的位置调换了一下。
I want to reverse the charges, please. 劳驾，我想打一个由受话人付费的电话。
to reverse a procedure, to reverse a process, to reverse a trend 彻底改变程序；扭转过程；扭转趋势 
The government has failed to reverse the economic decline. 政府未能扭转经济滑坡的趋势。
The decline in this industry has now been completely reversed. 这个行业现在已经完全扭转了昔日的衰退局面。
It is sometimes possible to arrest or reverse the disease. 有时可以阻止病情发展或使病情彻底好转。
The rise, the first in 10 months, reversed the downward trend in Belgium's jobless rate. 10个月来失业率的首次上升逆转了比利时失业率持续下降的趋势。
Writing is reversed in a mirror. 镜子里的字是反的。
You should reverse the order of these pages. 你该把这几页的顺序颠倒过来。
In the squares place a penny, nickel, dime and quarter in that order. The object is to reverse the order of these coins. 在这些方块中按顺序放置1分、5分、10分和25分的硬币各一枚。目标是颠倒这些硬币的顺序。
The normal word order is reversed in passive sentences. 正常词序在被动句中是颠倒的。
To solve the puzzle, simply reverse the order of the numbers. 要解开这个谜，只要颠倒数字的顺序即可。
to travel in the reverse direction 向相反方向行进 
The winners were announced in reverse order (= the person in the lowest place was announced first). 获胜者是按逆序宣布的。
The experiment had the reverse effect to what was intended. 实验的结果与原来的意图相反。
The wrong attitude will have exactly the reverse effect. 错误的态度会产生完全相反的效果。
Iron the garment on the reverse side. 这件衣服要从反面熨。
This problem is the reverse of the previous one. 这个问题和上一个问题相反。
Although I expected to enjoy living in the country, in fact the reverse is true. 尽管我原以为会喜欢乡村生活，但实际情况正好相反。
In the south, the reverse applies. 在南方，情况相反。
It wasn't easy to persuade her to come--quite the reverse. 说服她过来不容易——实在太难了。
There is absolutely no evidence at all that spectators want longer cricket matches. Quite the reverse. 完全没有证据表明观众想看时间更长的板球比赛。情况恰恰相反。
This would lead one to expect a fat, dense and detailed autobiography. The reverse is true. The book is short and spare. 这会让人以为是一本内容晦涩而详尽的大部头自传。但正好相反，这本书简短明了。
If you tell children to do something, they will often do the exact reverse. 告诉孩子要做什么事，他们往往会反着干。
The coin has a date on one side and the emperor's head on the reverse. 硬币的一面是日期，另一面是君主的头像。
Cheques should be made payable to Country Living and your address written on the reverse. 支票抬头必须写“《乡村生活》杂志”，你的地址应写在背面。
The secret number is my phone number in reverse. 这个密码是我的电话号码的逆序排列。
We did a similar trip to you, but in reverse. 我们走了和你相似的旅程，但方向相反。
In 2002 economic growth went into reverse. 2002年，经济增长发生了逆转。
The downward trend went into reverse and the scores started to creep up again. 比分下降的趋势发生逆转，分数又开始逐渐上升了。
Now reverse the car. 现在倒车。
Another car reversed out of the drive. 另一辆车倒出了车道。
He reversed and drove away. 他把车倒出来，开走了。
He reversed around the corner. 他倒车转过拐角。
She reversed into a parking space. 她将车倒着开进停车位。
Caution! This truck is reversing. 小心！卡车在倒车。
She slowly reversed up the narrow driveway. 她慢慢地顺着狭窄的车道往回倒车。
She slowly reversed the van up the narrow driveway.（英）她慢慢地将小货车顺着狭窄的车道往回倒。
The car reversed into a hedge. 汽车倒进树篱里。
He reversed slowly out of the garage. 他慢慢地从车库倒了出来。
He reversed the car slowly out of the garage.（英）他慢慢地把车从车库倒了出来。
Put the car in/into reverse. 把汽车挂上倒挡。
He lurched the car in reverse along the ruts to the access road. 他顺着车辙摇摇晃晃地将车倒到了支路上。
reverse gear 倒挡

n. [usually sing.] 控制:
vt. 紧紧抓住或抓牢，相当于grip。表示一个持续的状态:
n. [usually sing.] 对…的紧抓，紧握；控制。相当于grip:
n. [usually sing.]（获得或实现…的）能力:
vt. 完全（或彻底）理解…，即领会，明白，领悟。表示一种事实或结果（而非一个过程）:
n. [usually sing.]（人）对某个主题（或某些困难事实）的理解或理解力:
vt. grasp a chance/an opportunity 毫不犹豫地抓住机会（并利用之）:
grasp |[ɡrɑːsp]
Don’t let the situation escape from your grasp. 别让局面失去控制。
He slipped out of our grasp. 他摆脱我们的控制，逃走了。
Just when victory seemed within grasp, the referee blew his whistle. 就在胜利似乎触手可及之时，裁判的哨声吹响了。
Kay grasped him by the wrist. 凯紧紧抓住他的手腕。
Her hands were grasping at his coat. 她双手抓着他的衣服。
She grasped hold of the banister to support herself. 她抓住楼梯扶手以支撑自己的身体。
I grabbed him, but he slipped from my grasp. 我紧抓着他，可他还是从我手里溜掉了。
The ball slipped from her grasp. 球从她的手中滑落。
The key was on a high shelf, just beyond her grasp. 钥匙在高高的架子上，她够不着。
He kept the letter firmly in his grasp. 他紧紧地抓着那封信。
She kicked the gun out of his grasp. 她踢掉他手中的枪。
Success was within her grasp. 她有把握获得成功。
She was unable to grasp how to do it. 她弄不明白这事该怎么做。
It took him some time to grasp that he was now a public figure. 他过了些时候才意识到自己已是个公众人物了。
I hadn’t really grasped what they were talking about. 我没有真正明白他们在谈论什么。
He was quick to grasp the basic principles. 他很快掌握了基本原理。
Some of these concepts are very difficult to grasp. 这些概念中有的难以理解。
He has a good grasp of German grammar. 他德语语法掌握得很好。
We have no intuitive grasp of the immensity of time. 我们对时间无限性没有什么感性认识。
These ideas are all beyond his grasp. 他完全无法理解这些观点。
a poor grasp of mathematics 数学方面的领悟力不高
to grasp the opportunity 抓住机会

vt. 激怒:
vt. ~ sb (into sth/into doing sth) 用言语或行动来故意激怒某人，可称为挑衅:
vt. 引起某个反应，或具有某个效应:
provoke |[prəˈvəʊk;美-ˈvoʊk]
The announcement provoked a storm of protest. 这个声明激起了抗议的风潮。
The suggestion provoked outrage from student leaders. 这一建议激起了学生的愤慨。
The destruction of the mosque has provoked anger throughout the Muslim world. 毁坏清真寺的行为激怒了整个伊斯兰世界。
Their laughter provoked him to anger. 他们的笑声激怒了他。
The lawyer claimed his client was provoked into acts of violence by the defendant. 律师声称，他的当事人是受到被告的挑衅才采取暴力行动的。
I provoked him into doing something really stupid. 在我的刺激下他做了件非常愚蠢的事。
She had been trying to provoke her sister into an argument. 她一直在想方设法惹姐姐来吵一架。
He was sensitive and easily provoked. 他很敏感，容易被激怒。
The announcement provoked a storm of protest. 这个声明激起了抗议的风潮。
His election success has provoked a shocked reaction. 他的当选引起一片震惊。
The article was intended to provoke discussion. 这篇文章旨在引发讨论。
Dairy products may provoke allergic reactions in some people. 乳制品可能会引起某些人的过敏反应。

n. [C, U]（音乐、美术或文学作品的）和谐统一感、神韵:
n. 1 [C, U]（一个表面、一种物质、一片织物的）质地、手感:
2 [C, U]（尤指食品、土壤的）质地、结构、构造:
n. [C, U]（食物或饮料的）口感:
texture |[ˈtekstʃə(r)]
the rich texture of the symphony 这首交响曲优美和谐的乐感 
instrumental, musical, orchestral texture 乐器织体；音乐织体；管弦乐织体 
a piece of music with a dense choral texture 一首带有紧密的合唱织体的曲子 
The very texture of his prose bears the influence of his familiarity with drugs. 他独特的散文风韵显示出他常常在毒品的影响下进行创作的痕迹。
the movie's stunning visual texture 该影片令人惊叹的视觉肌理
The cloth was rough in texture. 这种布料质地粗糙。
the soft texture of velvet 天鹅绒柔软的质地 
She uses a variety of different colours and textures in her wall hangings. 她悬挂的帷幔色彩和质地多姿多彩。
hair, skin texture 头发质地；皮肤质地 
I use a styling gel to give texture to my hair. 我用发胶给头发定型。
Aloe Vera is used in moisturisers to give them a wonderfully silky texture. 芦荟用于润肤霜中，使之具有美妙的丝般润滑感。
Her skin is pale, the texture of fine wax. 她肤色苍白，肤质细腻如蜡。
She pays great attention to the surface texture of her paintings. 她非常重视她的画作的表面质感。
This cheese has an open, crumbly texture with a strong flavour. 这种奶酪多孔松脆，风味浓郁。
Earthworms consume large amounts of soil, and produce a rich humus, perfect in texture. 蚯蚓吃下大量土壤，排出肥力丰富、物理结构理想的腐殖质。
soil texture 土壤质地 
the gritty texture of sand 沙子的粗糙质地
The two cheeses were very different in both taste and texture. 这两种奶酪的味道和口感大不相同。
Sponge cakes have a light texture. 海绵蛋糕口感松软。
the chewy texture of Portobello mushrooms 双孢蘑菇嚼上去肉质肥厚 
It's a pungent little wine with a velvety texture. 这种小酒味冲，口感如天鹅绒般柔和。
She enjoyed the rich texture of the beer. 她喜欢这种啤酒醇厚的口感。

n. [U] 媒体的报道:
n. [U] 媒体的宣传工作:
n. [U]（媒体或公众的）关注:
publicity |[pʌbˈlɪsəti]
adverse publicity 反面的报道 
There has been a great deal of publicity surrounding his disappearance. 他的失踪已为传媒广泛报道。
There was a lot of negative publicity surrounding the movie. 这部电影有许多负面宣传。
There has been a lot of negative publicity about the hospital. 对该医院有许多不利的报道。
Taking part in the event will be good publicity for our school. 参加这一活动将是对我们学校的良好宣传。
The company had received bad publicity over a defective product. 该公司因为有一种劣质产品而受到媒体攻击。
The movie stars were married amid a blaze of publicity.（blaze尤为英式用法）这对电影明星的婚事受到大肆报道。
The chairman resigned in a storm of publicity over the bonus payments.董事长在有关奖金数额的媒体风暴中辞职。
She works in publicity. 她从事宣传工作。
advance publicity 前期宣传 
There have been months of advance publicity for the show. 演出的前期宣传已持续了好几个月。
There has been a lot of advance publicity for her new film. 她的新电影尚未上映即大加宣传。
Much advance publicity was given to the talks. 对于这次会谈有很多前期报道。
publicity material, publicity photograph, publicity shot 宣传材料；宣传照片 
He's better-looking in his publicity shots than he is in real life. 宣传照片上的他比在现实生活中的好看。
publicity campaign 宣传攻势 
publicity stunt 宣传噱头 
The actress denied that her marriage was just a publicity stunt. 这名女演员否认自己的婚姻只是一个宣传噱头。
The band dressed up as the Beatles as a publicity stunt. 乐队扮作披头士乐队作为宣传噱头。
publicity agent, publicity department, publicity officer（英）宣传代理人；宣传部门；宣传干事 
The record company's publicity machine was working fat out.（machine为比喻用法）唱片公司的宣传机器正在全速运转。
I read some publicity about vaccinations while waiting my turn at the doctor's. 在医生那儿候诊时，我读了一些关于接种疫苗的宣传。
The trial took place amid a blaze of (= a lot of) publicity. 审讯在全面曝光的情况下进行。
The case has generated enormous publicity in Brazil. 这个案件已经在巴西引起了极大的关注。
the renewed publicity over the Casey affair 对凯西事件的再次关注 
The papers have begun to give greater publicity to the campaign against GM food. 报纸已开始更多地关注反对转基因食品的运动。
The release of the report was timed to generate maximum publicity. 该报告的发表是算准了时机要最大限度地引起公众的关注。
He carried on his life in the full glare of publicity. 他完全生活在众目睽睽之下，毫无隐私可言。

n. [C] 对…的安排（或呈现）的方式或顺序，即程式，形式:
n. [C] 对某事的总体安排、计划、设计等:
n. [C] 电影、音乐录制品等的格式:
n. [C] 计算机上所存储或运行的数据的格式:
vt. 对计算机磁盘进行格式化（使其有空间来存储数据）:
vt. [术语] 在屏幕上安排文本的版式（使其可以在电脑上以某种方式显示）:
n. [C] 图书、杂志等的形状和尺寸，也可叫做版式或开本:
vt. [术语] 在某页上安排文本的版式（使其可以印刷）。与set几无区别，不过比set略为常用:
format |['fɔ:mæt]
to explain the format of the programme 解释这个节目的程式 
All the lectures follow the same basic format. 所有的讲座都沿袭同一基本形式。
the format of the conference 会议的形式
the format of the quiz show 智力竞赛节目的总体安排
His latest album is available on all formats. 他的最新专辑有各种格式可以买到。
digital format 数码格式 
DVD format DVD格式
file format 文件格式 
PDF format PDF格式
to format a disk 对磁盘进行格式化
When text is saved from a Web page, it is often very badly formatted with many short lines. 文本从网页上另存时版式通常会变乱，出现很多短行。
They’ve brought out the magazine in a new format. 他们用新的版式出版该杂志。
large format 大开本 
The book is now available in a slightly smaller format. 这本书现在有略小一些的开本在售。

adj. [名词前不常用] ~ (to sb/sth)（对某人或某事物）漠不关心的、不感兴趣的:
adj.（水平或质量）不是很好的，即一般的:
indifferent |[ɪnˈdɪfrənt]
The government cannot afford to be indifferent to public opinion. 政府不可不关注舆论。
People have become indifferent to the suffering of others. 人们对别人的痛苦已经变得无动于衷。
the row over the police's indifferent attitude to the killings 严厉谴责警方对杀戮无动于衷的态度 
He appeared～ to her suffering. 他对她的痛苦显得毫不在意。
Alice tried to act indifferent about the incident.（act尤为美式用法）艾丽斯努力做出一副对这一事件毫不在意的样子。
Pat sounded almost indifferent. 帕特听起来几乎毫无兴趣。
Most staff were indifferent about the plans. 大多数员工对这些计划漠不关心。
He was coldly indifferent to other people. 他对别人冷若冰霜。           
an indifferent meal 一般的饭食 
We enjoyed the day, in spite of very indifferent weather.（very尤为英式用法）虽然天气很不怎么样，但那天我们还是玩得很高兴。
She had starred in several very indifferent movies. 她主演过几部表现非常一般的电影。
Much of the food we eat is of very poor or indifferent quality. 我们吃的许多食物质量要么很差，要么很一般。
The festival has the usual mixture of movies--good, bad and indifferent. 电影节的影片一如既往的良莠不齐——有优秀的、低劣的和一般的。
a rather indifferent performance 相当平庸的表演

n. [C, U] ~ (for/to sb/sth) (to do sth) 对人的刺激、激励、鼓励:
incentive |[ɪnˈsentɪv]
political incentive 政治激励 
commercial, economic, financial, fiscal, monetary incentive 商业刺激；经济刺激；金融刺激；财政刺激；金钱刺激 
cash incentive 现金奖励 
material incentive 物质激励 
price, tax incentive 价格刺激；税收奖励 
sales 销售激励 
investment incentive 投资激励 
performance, work incentive 业绩奖励；工作奖励 
employee incentives such as bonuses and commission 奖金、提成之类的雇员奖励措施 
federal, government incentive 联邦奖励；政府奖励 
It was thought that this would act as an incentive for couples to adopt older children. 人们认为这将会对夫妇们收养大一些的孩子起到激励作用。
She had the added incentive of being within reach of the world record. 世界纪录触手可及，这使她又有了新的动力。
The government has created tax incentives to encourage investment. 政府已经出台了税收优惠措施鼓励投资。
companies that receive government incentives 得到政府奖励的公司 
High taxation rates have undermined work incentives. 高税率削弱了工作激励措施的作用。
incentive plan, incentive programme/program, incentive scheme（英）, incentive structure 激励方案；奖励制度 
an incentive system based on supervisors' evaluations 以督导员的评价为基础的激励制度 
The company operates a share incentive scheme for its workers. 该公司对员工实行股权激励机制。
incentive policy 激励政策 
incentive award, incentive bonus, incentive fee, incentive package, incentive pay, incentive payment 激励奖品；奖金；一揽子激励措施；奖励工资 
an incentive to investment 对投资的鼓励 
Companies have every incentive to put up prices. 各公司都有充足的理由涨价。
There is a lack of incentive to undertake new investment.新投资缺乏动力。
There is no incentive for people to save fuel. 没有使人们节约燃料的鼓励办法。
There is little or no incentive to adopt such measures. 几乎没有什么激励政策来促使人们采取这些措施。
Many companies in Britain are keen on the idea of tax incentives for R&D. 英国许多公司都很欢迎以税收优惠的方式来鼓励研发的想法。
There was little incentive to conduct research. 对从事研究的激励微乎其微。
US companies faced a clear incentive to downsize. 美国公司面临明确的裁员压力。
direct financial incentives to have smaller families 鼓励缩小家庭规模的直接财政刺激

n. [U, C] prejudice (against sb/sth) 对一个人、一个群体、一种习俗等所怀有的一种偏爱:
vt. prejudice sb (against sb/sth) 影响某人以使其对某人或某事物产生偏爱，相当于bias:
n. [U, C] prejudice (against sb/sth) 对一个人、一个群体、一种习俗等所怀有的一种不好的偏见（是一种非理性的讨厌的态度），尤指基于该人、该群体、该习俗等的种族、宗教、性别等所形成的偏见:
vt. prejudice sb (against sb/sth) 影响某人以使其对某人或某事物产生偏见，相当于bias:
vt. [正式] 对某事物产生损害，即有损于某事物。常为法律用语，此时有“削弱；使欠公平”之义:
prejudice |['predӡudɪs]
I must admit to a prejudice in favour of British universities. 我得承认我对英国大学有所偏爱。
Newspaper reports had unfairly prejudiced the jury in her favour/favor. 看了报纸的报道后，陪审团的天平不公平地向她倾斜了。
class, racial, sexist, social prejudice 阶级偏见；种族偏见；性别偏见；社会偏见 
prejudice towards immigrants 对移民的成见 
Their decision was based on ignorance and prejudice. 他们的决定是由于无知和偏见。
The prosecution lawyers have been trying to prejudice the jury against her. 控方律师一直力图使陪审团对她形成偏见。
Any delay will prejudice the child’s welfare. 任何延误都会损及这个孩子的身心健康。
This could seriously prejudice her safety. 这可能对她的安全很不利。
She did not disclose evidence that was likely to prejudice her client’s case. 她没有公开很可能对其委托人案件不利的证据。

n. [C] 假设性的认为:
n. [C, U] [正式] assumption of sth（责任的）承担:
n. [C]（在没有证据的前提下做出的）假设、假定:
n. [C, U] [正式] assumption of sth（权力的）开始拥有，即取得:
assumption |[ə'sʌmpʃn]
There is an underlying assumption that the unemployed are reluctant to work. 人们都下意识地认为失业的人不愿意工作。
We need to challenge some of the basic assumptions of Western philosophy. 我们有必要向西方哲学的某些基本假设提出质疑。
Dr Subroto questioned the scientific assumption on which the global warming theory is based. 苏布罗托博士质疑全球变暖理论所依据的科学假设。
Your argument is based on a set of questionable assumptions. 你的论证建立在一套有问题的假设上。
the assumptions underlying their beliefs 构成他们信仰的基础的种种假设 
Lots of evidence supports this assumption. 许多证据支持该假设。
We are working on the assumption that the techniques are safe. 我们是在假定这些技术安全可靠的前提下工作的。
It was impossible to make assumptions about people's reactions. 臆断人们的反应是不可能的。
His actions were based on a false assumption. 他的行为基于错误的设想。
They have taken a wrong turning in their assumption that all men and women think alike. 他们错误地设想所有男女均见解一致。
There is an underlying assumption that the unemployed are reluctant to work. 人们都下意识地认为失业的人不愿意工作。
shared assumptions between teachers and parents 老师和家长共同的假设 
She's always making assumptions about how much money people have. 她总在猜人们有多少钱。
I set the table for eight people, on the assumption that Jo would come. 我假定乔也会来，所以准备了八个人的餐具。
We are working on the assumption that everyone invited will turn up. 我们假定了每一个人都会应邀出席并正就此做出安排。
assumptions about how women should behave 关于女性应如何行事的种种假设
The government have retained the support which greeted their assumption of power last March. 自从在刚过去的三月掌权以来，政府的支持率依旧未减。
their assumption of control 他们的取得控制

You use habitual to describe someone who usually or often does a particular thing. 积习难改的
habitually 习惯性地
A habitual action, state, or way of behaving is one that someone usually does or has, especially one that is considered to be typical or characteristic of them. 习惯性的
habitual |英 [hə'bɪtʃʊəl; -tjʊəl]  美 [hə'bɪtʃuəl]| adj. 习惯的；惯常的；习以为常的/
Three out of four of them would become habitual criminals if actually sent to jail.如果真的被投入监狱，他们中3/4的人会成为积习难改的罪犯。
His mother had a patient who habitually flew into rages.她的母亲有一个习惯性地陷入狂怒的病人。
If bad posture becomes habitual, you risk long-term effects.如果不良姿势成为习惯，你会有遭受长期影响的危险。


n. 1 [C, U]（用石头、木头、黏土、金属或其他材料所做成的）雕像或塑像（其中雕像为雕刻而成，塑像为塑造而成）:
2 [U] 雕塑艺术，雕塑术，雕刻术:
sculpture |['skʌlptʃə]
a sculpture of a horse 一匹马的雕塑 
a marble sculpture of Caesar 凯撒的大理石雕像 
abstract sculpture 抽象雕塑 
ancient sculpture 古代雕塑 
relief sculpture 浮雕 
monumental sculpture 纪念性雕塑 
life-size sculpture 真实尺寸雕塑 
bronze, glass, ice, metal, stone, wooden sculpture 铜塑；玻璃雕塑；冰雕；金属雕塑；石雕；木雕 
a piece of sculpture 一件雕塑 
to study sculpture 学习雕塑艺术 
the techniques of sculpture in wood 木雕艺术

responsibility (to do sth) 处理或照顾…的责任，如果做错了则要被责备，即负责:
2 [C] responsibility (for sth) 对已发生的坏事所受到的责备，或所负的责任。与blame相近:
responsibility (to do sth) 由于身处某个职位而对…所负的帮助或照顾之责任。此时相当于job，但比job正式且常用:
responsibility |[rɪ͵spɒnsə'bɪlɪtɪ]
It is on my own responsibility. 这件事由我自己负责。
Will you take responsibility for arranging the food? 你来负责安排饭食怎么样？
corporate, security, constitutional responsibility 企业责任；安全责任；宪法赋予的责任 
environmental, financial, moral, social responsibility 环境责任；财务责任；道德责任；社会责任 
With great power comes great responsibility. 权大，责任也大。
a sense of responsibility 责任感 
rights and responsibilities 权利和义务 
to admit responsibility for the attack 对这起袭击事件负责 
The bank refuses to accept responsibility for the mistake. 银行拒绝为这一错误承担责任。
We retain all responsibility for any shortcomings. 若有任何缺陷，我们承担一切责任。
legal, criminal responsibility 法律责任；刑事责任 
The manager thinks he has a responsibility to help his employees. 这位经理认为自己有义务帮助自己的属下。
What are the main responsibilities in your job? 你主要的工作职责是什么？
departmental, professional, teaching responsibility 部门职责；专业上的职责；教学职责 
childcare, family, parental responsibility 看护小孩的任务；家庭责任；父母的职责 
command, management, supervisory responsibility 指挥职责；管理职责；监管职责 
adult responsibility 成人责任

n. 1 [C]（书籍、乐曲等的）发表前的手稿、原稿:
2 [C]（印刷术发明之前书籍或文献的）手写本，手抄本:
manuscript |[ˈmænjuskrɪpt]
（缩写为MS）
I read her poems in manuscript. 我读过她的诗作的手稿。
He had seen a manuscript of the book. 他见过这本书的手稿。
an original manuscript of the song 这首歌的原稿 
autograph, handwritten manuscript 亲笔稿；手写稿 
the original autograph manuscript of the poem 这首诗的原作真迹 
unpublished manuscript 未出版的手稿 
unsolicited manuscript 主动提供的手稿 
draft manuscript 草稿 
unfinished manuscript 未完成的底稿 
completed manuscript 完成的手稿 
book manuscript 书稿 
literary, music, musical manuscript 文学手稿；音乐手稿 
I only have one copy of the manuscript. 我只有一份底稿。
He submitted the manuscript for publication. 他把手稿交送出版了。
He was delighted when the manuscript was accepted for publication. 他很高兴自己的稿子获采用，可以出版。
manuscript page 手稿页 
The text ran to dozens of pages in manuscript form. 手稿文本有几十页。
manuscript submission 稿件提交 
manuscript reviewer 审稿人 
Her autobiography remained in manuscript(= was not published). 她的自传一直没有出版。
medieval illuminated manuscripts 中世纪的装饰过的手抄本 
early printed books and rare manuscripts 早期的印刷书籍与手抄珍本 
ancient manuscript 古代的手抄本 
the surviving manuscript of 'Beowulf 保存下来的《贝奥武夫》的手抄本 
illustrated manuscript 配插图的手抄本 
earlier manuscripts which no longer survive 未能保存下来的更早期的手抄本 
manuscript illumination 手抄本的彩饰 
manuscript collection 手抄本收藏

vt.（尤指不必要时）把某事再做一次:
vt. 精确地复制:
adj. [只用于名词前] 与其它…完全一样的、作为其它事物的复制品的:
n. [C] 在一切细节上完全一样的东西，即复制品:
duplicate |[ˈdju:plɪkeɪt;美ˈdu:-]
There's no point in duplicating work already done. 重复别人已经做过的工作毫无意义。
His task will be to duplicate his success overseas here at home. 他在海外取得了成功，现在的任务就是要在国内再创辉煌。
Scientists hope the work done in collaboration with other researchers may be duplicated elsewhere. 科学家们希望与其他研究人员合作的成果可以适用于别处。
The original experiment cannot be exactly duplicated. 最初的实验不能精确地重现。
a duplicated form 复制的表格 
She found Ned alone in the photocopy room, duplicating some articles. 她发现内德一个人在复印室里复印一些文章。
a business which duplicates video and cinema tapes for the movie makers 为电影制片商复制录像带和影带的行业
He let himself in with a duplicate key. 他用一把复制的钥匙打开门进去。
a duplicate copy of the loan contract 贷款合同的副本 
a duplicate invoice 发票副本 
Is this a duplicate or the original? 这是副本还是正本？
The contract is prepared in duplicate, so that both parties can sign it. 这份合同一式两份，这样双方都可以签署。
The ring was an exact duplicate of her mother's ring. 这枚戒指完全是她母亲戒指的复制品。
We made a duplicate of the key. 我们又配了一把钥匙。

a biological community of interacting organisms and their physical environment:一个相互作用的生物体及其物理环境的生物群落
(in general use) a complex network or interconnected system:（一般使用）一个复杂的网络或互连的系统
ecosystem |ˈiːkəʊˌsɪstɪm| Noun/:生态系统
the marine ecosystem of the northern Gulf had suffered irreparable damage:海湾北部的海洋生态系统遭受了无法弥补的破坏
Silicon Valley's entrepreneurial ecosystem:硅谷的创业生态

adj. 滑稽逗趣的，有幽默感的:
humorous |['hju:mərəs]
He gave a humorous account of their trip to Spain. 他饶有风趣地讲述了他们的西班牙之行。
She has written her description of him in a mildly humorous vein. 她以略带诙谐的笔触描写了他。
the darkly humorous 黑色幽默

vt. ~ sth (with sth)（通过添加一种危险物质或携带病毒的物质来）污染一种物质或一个地方:
vt. [正式] 污染或毒害人的思想和心灵:
contaminate |[kənˈtæmɪneɪt]
contaminated blood, contaminated food, contaminated soil 受到污染的血液；受到污染的食物；受到污染的土壤 
The drinking water has become contaminated with lead. 饮用水被铅污染了。
Have any fish been contaminated in the Arctic Ocean? 北冰洋的鱼受到过污染吗？
vast tracts of empty land, much of it contaminated by years of army activity 大片撂荒的土地，其中大部分由于经年累月的战火而受到了污染
They were accused of contaminating the minds of our young people. 他们被指控毒害我们青少年的心灵。

vt.＆vi. 沿轨道绕着一个更大的物体（如行星、恒星等）运行，即围绕…运动:
n. [C, U]（天体等运行的）轨道:
n. [sing.]（人、组织等的）影响范围，势力范围:
orbit |['ɔ:bɪt]
The earth takes a year to orbit the sun. 地球绕太阳一周要一年的时间。
the earth’s orbit around the sun 地球环绕太阳的轨道 
elliptical orbit 椭圆形轨道 
A new satellite has been put into orbit around the earth. 一颗新的卫星被送上了环绕地球的轨道。
to be within sb’s orbit 属于某人的势力范围

vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (from sth) (into sth)（使）逐渐形成，逐步发展，逐渐演变，尤指从简单形式逐渐演变到复杂形式:
vt.&vi. ~ (from sth) [生物学]（动植物等）进化:
evolve |[iˈvɒlv;美iˈvɑ:lv]
a tiny airline which eventually evolved into Pakistan International Airlines 最终发展成巴基斯坦国际航空公司的一家小型航空公司 
The company has evolved into a major chemical manufacturer. 这家公司已逐步发展成一个主要的化工厂。
The market has evolved considerably in recent years. 近年来市场发生了巨大的变化。
Our products have been evolving according to the requirements of the times. 我们的产品一直在随时代需求而发展变化。
Online games tend to evolve over time. 网络游戏往往会随时间发生变化。
The idea evolved from a drawing I discovered in the attic. 这种想法是从我在阁楼里发现的一幅画得到启发的。
the idea that society evolves towards/toward greater complexity 社会朝着更加复杂的方向演变的思想 
the theory which eventually evolved from this study 由这项研究最终形成的理论 
A lot of Michael's work has evolved out of his experience with travel. 迈克尔的很多作品是根据他的旅行经历发展形成的。
Veterinary medicine is steadily evolving to meet the demands of pet owners. 动物医学在稳步发展以满足宠物主人的需要。
The protest movement has evolved into a well organized political party. 抗议活动演变成了一个很有组织的政党。
Each school must evolve its own way of working. 每个学校必须形成自己的办学方式。
Popular music evolved from folk songs. 流行音乐从民歌演变而来。
The three species evolved from a single ancestor. 这三种生物从同一祖先进化而来。
More complex animals gradually evolved from these very simple creatures. 复杂的动物是由这些非常简单的动物逐步进化而成的。
These are very highly evolved animals. 这些是高度进化的动物。
Monkeys in the New World evolved quite separately from those in the Old World. 新大陆的猴子的进化独立于旧大陆的猴子的进化。
Africa and its wildlife evolved together. 非洲大陆和生活在那里的野生动物们一起进化。
The dolphin has evolved a highly developed jaw. 海豚已经进化形成高度发达的下颌。
The bright plumage of many male birds has evolved to attract females. 很多雄鸟进化出鲜艳的羽毛是为了吸引雌鸟。
Maize evolved from a wild grass in Mexico. 玉米是从墨西哥的一种野生禾本植物进化而来的。

a rocket designed to explode high in the air as a signal or firework.:一种火箭，设计用于在高空爆炸作为信号或烟花。
(of a price, rate, or amount) increase very steeply or rapidly:（价格、比率或数量）急剧或迅速地增加
skyrocket |ˈskʌɪˌrɒkɪt| Noun/Verb/:飞涨,飙升
the cost of the welfare system has skyrocketed:福利制度成本暴涨
