constrain						限制，强迫
phenomenon						现象，非凡的人或事物
assume							假定，获得，装出，呈现
conscientious					勤勉认真的
concession						让步，折扣，特许权
suspect						推测，怀疑，嫌疑犯，不可信的
sample							样品，品尝
penalty						处罚
representative					典型的，代表
soothe							安慰，减轻
entail							须要，导致
objective						公正的，客观的，目标
submit							投降，遵从，提交，主张
identify						辨认，认出，联系，认为...等同
infect							传染，污染，影响
burial							埋葬，葬礼
genius							天才，才干，特征
submerge						淹没，掩盖，潜入水中
submerge oneself					潜入水中，潜心
stereotype						模式化观念
clarify						澄清
conversion						转变，改建，皈依
resident						居民，常住的
aspect							部分，方面，景色
apologize						道歉
decent							正派的，得体的，像样的
fixture						固定设施，长期驻守的人
institution						习俗，福利机构，金融机构，知名人士
scent							香味，线索，香水，嗅到
welfare						福祉，福利
subsidy						补贴
\\\\\\\\

To constrain someone or something means to limit their development or force them to behave in a particular way. 限制; 迫使
constrain |英 [kən'streɪn]  美 [kən'stren]| vt. 驱使；强迫；束缚/
Women are too often constrained by family commitments and by low expectations.女性往往受家庭职责及低期望值约束。


n. 1 [C]（自然或社会中的）现象（尤指未被充分理解的现象）:
2 [C] phenomenons 在美国可指非常成功或令人印象非常深刻的一个人或事物:
n. [C] phenomenons 在美国可指令人印象非常深刻的一个人或事物:
n. [C] phenomenons 在美国可指非常成功的一个人或事物:
phenomenon |[fɪ'nɒmɪnən]
a global phenomenon 全球现象 
natural, cultural, physical, social phenomenon 自然现象；文化现象；物理现象；社会现象 
supernatural phenomenon 超自然现象 
The phenomenon occurs in the early stages of pregnancy. 这种现象出现在怀孕早期。
The movie has become a summer phenomenon. 看电影成了人们消夏的一种方式。

vt. [正式] 开始拥有某种品质或外观，即呈现出（外观或品质），相当于take on:
vt. 假设性地认为:
vt. [正式] 承担（责任）。此时一般可换为bear:
vt. 假设，假定，即未经证明而认为。比suppose更专门地表示采取不确定的态度，以检验一项假设:
vt. [正式] 假装有某种感情或品质，相当于put on:
vt. [正式] 开始拥有（权力），取得（权力），相当于take:
assume |[ə'sju:m]
This matter has assumed considerable importance. 这件事看来相当重要。
In the story the god assumes the form of an eagle. 在这个故事中神以鹰的形象出现。
It is reasonable to assume (that) the economy will continue to improve. 认为经济将继续好转是有道理的。
She would, he assumed, be home at the usual time. 他认为，她会在通常时间回到家的。
It is generally assumed that stress is caused by too much work. 普遍认为，紧张是工作过重所致。
I had assumed him to be a Belgian. 我本以为他是比利时人。
I automatically assumed that you knew about this. 我想当然地认为你知道这件事。
I think we can safely assume that this situation will continue. 我想我们可以有把握地认为这种情况将持续下去。
It is generally assumed that they were lovers. 大家普遍认为他俩是恋人。
The court assumed responsibility for the girl’s welfare. 法庭承担了保障这个女孩福利的责任。
Let us assume for a moment that the plan succeeds. 咱们暂时假设计划成功。
In this example we have assumed a unit price of $10. 在这个例子中我们已假定单价为10美元。
Don’t always assume the worst. 别总往最坏处想。
He assumed an air of concern. 他装出关心的样子。
Rebel forces have assumed control of the capital. 叛军已控制了首都。

adj. 一丝不苟的、认真的:
conscientious |[ˌkɒnʃiˈenʃəs;美ˌkɑ:n-]
conscientious student, conscientious teacher, conscientious worker 勤勉认真的学生；一丝不苟的老师；认真负责的工人 
We are generally very conscientious about our work. 我们普遍对工作都非常认真。
Virginia was still struggling to be a conscientious and dedicated mother. 弗吉尼娅还在尽力成为一位勤勤恳恳、全心奉献的母亲。

n. [U] 承认:
n. [C, U]（尤指为平息争端或冲突而作出的）让步、妥协:
n. [U] 许可:
n. [C]（在某地的）特许经营权；（尤指大型建筑物或商场中的）销售权（或经营权）协议:
n. [C, usually pl.] [英] 减价；（通常指针对老人、学生和失业人员的）减价票:
2 [C]（尤指由政府或雇主给予的）优惠:
n. [C]（尤指大型建筑物或商场中的）销售场地、摊位:
n. [C]（尤指由政府或雇主给予的）特许权:
n. [C, usually pl.] [英]（通常指针对老人、学生和失业人员的）减价票:
concession |[kənˈseʃn]
Kerry's concession speech (= when he admitted that he had lost the election)（尤美）克里承认竞选失败的讲话
The firm will be forced to make concessions if it wants to avoid a strike. 要想避免罢工，公司将不得不作出一些让步。
The King made major concessions to end the confrontation with his people. 为了结束与其臣民的冲突，国王作出了很大的让步。
to win a concession from sb 取得某人的让步 
territorial concession 领土上的让步 
China can use its huge market to extract concessions out of foreign companies. 中国可以利用自己巨大的市场设法迫使外国公司作出让步。
The pressure group has won a number of concessions on environmental policy. 压力集团在环境政策方面赢得了若干让步。
The company will be forced to make concessions to the union. 公司将被迫向工会作出让步。
They made no concessions to his disability. 他们丝毫不体谅他的残疾。
She made no concession to his age; she expected him to work as hard as she did. 她丝毫也不体谅他的年龄，要求他干得像她一样卖力。
the concession of university status to some colleges 对某些学院升为大学的许可
tax concessions 税收减免 
Tickets are £3; there is a £1 concession for students. 票价为3英镑，学生票减免1英镑。
Adults £2.50, concessions £2, family £5 成人、优惠、家庭票价分别为2.50英镑、2英镑、5英镑。
Open daily; admission £1.10 with concessions for children and OAPs. 每天开放;门票1.10英镑，儿童和退休人士可享受票价优惠。
Travel concessions are available to older people. 老年人可享受旅行优惠。
tax concessions for mothers who stay at home with their children 针对在家照顾孩子的母亲的纳税优惠
the burger concessions at the stadium 体育场内的汉堡包小吃摊
trade concession 贸易特许 
logging, oil, timber concession 伐木特许；石油特许；木材特许 
The company has just won a mining concession in the north of the country. 这家公司刚刚取得了在该国北部的采矿特许权。
The Bolivian government has granted logging concessions covering 22 million hectares. 玻利维亚政府批准了在2 200万公顷土地上的伐木特许权。
The government has granted concessions to three private telephone companies. 政府已经向三家私营电话公司授予了特许权。
Adults £2.50, concessions £2, family £5 成人、优惠、家庭票价分别为2.50英镑、2英镑、5英镑。

vt.＆vi. 认为某事有可能是真的，或很有可能发生，尤其是坏事，但没有明确证据，即怀疑，觉得，是一种含糊说法:
vt. 感觉…可疑，或不信任。常含有敌意:
adj. 可能是错的，因而靠不住的，即不可信的，相当于questionable:
vt. suspect sb (of sth/of doing sth) 怀疑某人有罪，但没有明确证据:
adj. 疑有危险的，或疑似非法的，相当于suspicious:
n. [C] 被怀疑犯了罪或做错了事的人，即嫌疑人，可疑对象:
suspect |[sə'spekt]
I suspect it is just the tip of the iceberg. 我怀疑那只是冰山一角。
I suspect your answer is wrong. 我觉得你的答案是错误的。
I began to suspect (that) they were trying to get rid of me. 我开始觉察出，他们试图摆脱掉我（或除掉我）。
If you suspect a gas leak, do not turn on an electric light. 假如你怀疑有煤气泄漏，不要打开电灯。
I suspected her motives in offering to help. 她主动要帮忙，我怀疑她的动机。
I suspected that he had not been telling the truth. 我怀疑他在撒谎。
These revelations only prove what I suspected all along. 这些揭露的事实恰好证明了我一直以来的怀疑。
The theory is rendered suspect. 该理论受到怀疑。
Some of the evidence was deeply suspect. 有些证据非常可疑。
morally suspect 道德上令人怀疑 
politically suspect citizens 政治上可疑的公民
He was wrongly suspected of theft. 有人错误地怀疑他有偷窃行为。
Whom do the police suspect? 警方怀疑谁？
The drug is suspected of causing over 200 deaths. 人们怀疑这种药物造成200多人死亡。
It was widely suspected that they had been acting on orders. 人们普遍怀疑他们是奉命采取行动的。
a suspect package 可疑包裹
criminal, murder, terror suspect 犯罪嫌疑人；谋杀嫌疑人；恐怖嫌疑人 
the prime suspect in the case 此案的头号嫌疑人 
He was arrested as the suspect in the bombing. 他因涉嫌该起爆炸案而被捕。

vt. 短暂体验某事（以便对此事有个大致了解）:
vt. 少量品尝食物:
n. 1 [C] 抽查的样本:
2 [C] 化验的物质样本:
vt. [术语] 抽样、取样、采样（以进行调查研究）:
n. [C] [术语] 被录下来以用于新乐曲中的一段音乐或声音，即节录乐曲、选录乐曲（或声音）:
vt. [术语] 节录、选录（一段音乐或声音，用于新的乐曲中）:
n. [C]（作为代表的）样品，货样:
sample |[ˈsɑ:mpl;美ˈsæmpl]
the chance to sample a different way of life. 体验不同生活方式的机会
I sampled the delights of Greek cooking for the first time. 我第一次品尝到希腊烹饪的美味。
We sampled a selection of different bottled waters. 我们品尝了一系列不同品牌的瓶装水。
population sample 人口样本 
a sample drawn from men aged 35-40 从35至40岁男性中随机选取的调查对象 
Our sample comprised 250 catering workers. 我们的抽样调查对象包括250名餐饮行业从业人员。
A larger sample size yields more reliable data. 样本量越大，得出的数据越可靠。
a wide sample of people 来源广泛的样本人群 
The interviews were given to a random sample of students. 随机抽选出部分学生进行了采访。
We based our analysis on a random sample of more than 200 males. 我们随机抽查了 200 多名男性，并在此基础上进行分析。
The survey covers a representative sample of schools. 调查覆盖了有代表性的一些学校。
a sample survey 抽样调查 
blood, faecal, stool, serum, tissue, urine sample 血样；粪便样本；血清样本；组织样本；尿样 
DNA sample DNA样本 
biopsy, clinical sample 活组织切片样本；临床样本 
rock, soil, water sample 岩石样本；土样；水样 
They took samples of my blood. 他们取了我的血样。
All the athletes had to provide a urine sample. 所有运动员必须提供尿样。
Samples of the water contained pesticide. 水样中含有杀虫剂。
12% of the children sampled said they prefer cats to dogs. 在被抽样调查的孩子中，12%说他们喜欢猫胜过喜欢狗。
The survey was done using a group of 100 children randomly sampled from the school population. 调查对象是从全校学生中随机选取的100名孩子。
I don't actually mind being sampled as long as people give credit where it's due. 只要人们在适当处标明出处，我其实并不在乎自己的音乐被人节录。
‘I'd like to see a sample of your work,’ said the manager. “拿一件你做的货样给我看看。”经理说。
a free sample of shampoo 免费试用的洗发剂 
You'll receive samples of paint, curtains and upholstery. 你将收到涂料、窗帘、家具垫衬套的样品。
We're giving away 2000 free samples. 我们正免费发放 2,000 份样品。
We looked at sample books to choose the furniture fabric. 我们翻看样品册挑选布料。

n. [C] ~ (of sth) 为某事付出的代价:
n. 1 [C] 在体育运动中对犯规者的判罚、处罚:
2 [C]（足球和其他类似体育运动中的）点球、罚点球得分:
n. [C] ~ (for sth)（对犯罪、违反罪责、违反合同、犯错等实施的）惩罚、处罚、刑罚:
n. [C] ~ (of sth) 某事的坏处、害处、不利之处:
penalty |[ˈpenəlti]
He's now paying the penalty for his misspent youth. 现在他要为虚度青春付出代价。
You must accept the penalty for your rash actions. 你必须为你的鲁莽行为付出代价。
Why should I pay the penalty for somebody else's mistake? 为什么我要代人受过？
He incurred a ten-second penalty in the first round. 他在第一轮受到停赛十秒钟的处罚。
controversial, disputed, dodgy（英，非正式）, dubious 有争议的点球；可疑的点球 
winning penalty 制胜的点球 
well-struck penalty 踢得非常好的点球 
missed penalty 没有踢进的点球 
first-half, injury-time, second-half penalty 上半场的点球；伤停补时阶段的点球；下半场的点球 
early, late penalty 开场不久的点球；临近终场的点球 
last-minute penalty 最后关头的点球 
12th-minute 第12分钟的点球 
They were leading until Cole gave away a penalty. 在科尔送出一粒点球之前他们一直领先。
We were unlucky not to get a penalty. 很不幸，我们没得到点球机会。
Owen scored from a first-half penalty. 欧文上半场点球得分。
Ricketts netted his third penalty of the season to put his team ahead. 里基茨打进了他本赛季的第三粒点球，使他的球队领先。
penalty area, penalty box, penalty corner, penalty spot 罚球区；受罚席；罚球区角；罚球点 
penalty award 获点球 
penalty kick 踢点球 
penalty shoot-out 点球决胜负 
penalty goal 点球得分 
Jonathan Davies scored a penalty goal. 乔纳森·戴维斯点球得分。
penalty miss 点球罚失 
penalty save 点球的扑救 
penalty taker 点球主罚者 
penalty chance, penalty opportunity 点球机会 
penalty attempt 想制造点球 
They won, thanks to a late penalty from Fry. 他们靠弗赖伊临近终场的一粒点球赢得了比赛胜利。
Two minutes later Ford equalized with a penalty. 两分钟后，福特以一记点球将比分扳平。
We were awarded a penalty after a late tackle. 对方铲球犯规后，我们得到了一个点球。
I volunteered to take the penalty (= be the person who tries to score the goal/point). 我自愿主罚点球。
He missed a penalty in the last minute of the game. 在比赛的最后一刻，他罚失了点球。
Referee Michael Reed had no hesitation in awarding a penalty. 裁判迈克尔·里德毫不犹豫地判了点球。          
to impose a penalty 予以惩罚 
harsh, heavy, hefty, severe, stiff, strict, substantial, tough penalty 严厉的处罚；重罚；严惩 
draconian penalty 严厉的处罚 
light penalty 轻罚 
maximum, minimum penalty 最重的处罚；最轻的处罚 
Assault carries a maximum penalty of seven years' imprisonment. 侵犯人身罪可判处最高七年的监禁。
The maximum penalty is up to 7 years imprisonment or an unlimited fine. 最高处罚是最多7年监禁或者无上限罚款。
ultimate penalty 极刑 
These crimes carried with them the ultimate penalty of execution. 这些罪行导致他们被处以极刑。
a new system of fixed penalties for most traffic offences（fixed为英式用法）一套新的适用于大多数交通违章的定额罚款系统 
mandatory penalty 强制性处罚 
The legislation sanctions harsh mandatory penalties for weapons possession. 法规批准对持有武器实行严厉制裁。
financial, monetary, tax penalty 经济处罚；罚款；税务罚款 
the heavy financial penalties of paying of the loan early 为提前还清贷款而交纳的巨额罚款 
exit, redemption penalty（均英）按揭退出费；解除抵押罚金 
There are redemption penalties if you pay off the mortgage early. 如果提前还清按揭，要付解约费。
civil, criminal 民事处罚；刑事处罚 
the movement for the abolition of the death penalty 争取废除死刑的运动 
calls to restore the death penalty 对恢复死刑的呼时 
One of those arrested could face the death penalty. 被捕的那些人中有一人可能被判死刑。
The penalty handed down was disproportionate to the crime committed. 被判处的刑罚与所犯罪行不相称。
From time to time, the death penalty was exacted for murder.（exact为正式用法）犯谋杀罪者有时被执行死刑。
Some lenders charge heavy penalties for early settlement.（charge尤为英式用法）有些贷款人对提前还清贷款收取巨额罚金。
The penalty for travelling without a ticket is £200. 无票乘车的罚款为200英镑。
You can withdraw money from the account at any time without penalty. 您可以随时从账户中提款，不收罚金。
He was seeking financial penalties against the company. 他正谋求对该公司处以罚款。
Contractors who fall behind schedule incur heavy financial penalties. 承包商如延误工期将被处以巨额罚款。
crimes which carry severe penalties 要受严惩的罪行 
Credit card companies will waive penalties for flood victims who are unable to pay on time. 信用卡公司将免除无法按时还款的水灾灾民的滞纳金。
penalty fee 罚款 
penalty notice, penalty ticket（均英）罚款通知单 
You will be given a fixed penalty notice if you fail to renew insurance on time. 如您未能及时续保，您将收到定额罚款通知书。
penalty fine（英）
There is a fixed penalty fine of £50 for allowing your dog to foul public places. 狗在公共场所排便要被处以 50 英镑的定额罚款。
penalty point（英）违章驾驶罚分 
Penalty points are given to drivers who speed. 超速行驶的司机要被扣违章分。
penalty payment（尤英）罚款缴付 
penalty clause（尤英）处罚条款 
a penalty clause in a contract 合同中的惩罚条款 
penalty system 罚款制度 
The Romans prohibited the teaching of the Torah on penalty of death. 罗马人禁止讲授《摩西五经》，违者处死。
The application should be signed under penalty of perjury. 申请应签字，否则以伪证罪论处。
He threatened stiffer penalties on young offenders. 他扬言要对未成年犯施加更严厉的处罚。
One of the penalties of fame is loss of privacy. 成名的弊端之一是失掉了隐私。
He's now paying the penalty for his misspent youth. 现在他要为虚度青春付出代价。
People who lose their jobs are suffering the penalties for longer periods. 失业者遭受的痛苦时间更长。 
You must accept the penalty for your rash actions. 你必须为你的鲁莽行为付出代价。
Why should I pay the penalty for somebody else's mistake? 为什么我要代人受过？
It's a penalty of us being girls--sons have an easy time. 这是我们身为女孩的弊端——男孩子们过得轻松。

n. representative (of sb/sth) 1 [C] 被选出来为其他人讲话或表决的一个人，也可指作为一个群体之代表的一个人:
2 [C] 被选出来以代替其他人的一个人，即（某人的）代表:
3 [C] 某一群体的一个典型（或代表性）人物:
adj. 1 representative (of sb/sth)（在某个群体中或在人们中）典型的、有代表性的:
2 常用于名词前，指（代表范围）涵盖了一个大的群体中的所有不同类型的人或事物的:
3 representative (of sth) 可被作为某事物的一个典型事例（或代表）的:
n. representative (of sb/sth) [C] 也用非正式的rep，为一家公司工作并到处去销售该公司产品的一个人，即销售代表:
n. [C] Representative 简写为Rep.，在美国可指众议院议员（参议院议员称为“Senator”，缩写为Sen.）:
adj.（一个政府体制等）由被选举出来以代表其余群体进行讲话或表决的人们组成的，即由代表组成的、代议制的:
adj.（一个政府体制等）由被选举出来以代表其余群体进行讲话或表决的人们组成的，即由代表组成的、代议制的:
representative |[͵reprɪ'zentətɪv][͵reprɪ'zentətɪv]
regional representative 地区代表 
British representative 英国代表 
UN representative 联合国代表 
military representative 军事代表 
company, industry, trade representative 企业代表；行业代表；贸易代表 
media representative 媒体代表 
employee representative 雇员代表 
class, student representative 班级代表；学生代表 
public representative 公众代表 
representatives to a conference 大会代表 
He was the Queen’s representative at the ceremony. 他代表女王出席了庆典。
The singer is regarded as a representative of the youth of her generation. 这位歌手被看作是她那一代年轻人的典型代表。
Is a questionnaire answered by 500 people truly representative of the population as a whole? 由500人参加的问卷调查能真正代表所有民众吗？
a widely representative collection of Greek vases 一批有普遍代表性的希腊花瓶收藏品 
to be statistically representative 在数据上有代表性的 
a nationally representative picture of the employment situation 全国就业形势图 
a representative sample of teachers 各类教师的代表 
The painting is not representative of his work of the period. 这幅画不是他在那个时期的代表作。
customer-service, sales, marketing representative 客户服务代表；销售代表；营销代表 
financial, insurance, pharmaceutical representative 金融代表；保险代表；医药代表 
our representative in Tokyo 我们公司驻东京的销售代表
a representative democracy 代议制民主政体
a representative democracy 代议制民主政体

vt. 使某人由焦虑、烦恼等状态变得更平静，如安慰、抚慰:
vt. 减轻、缓解（身体某部位的紧张、疼痛或不适）:
soothe |[su:ð]
The music soothed her for a while. 音乐让她稍微安静了一会儿。
He would take her in his arms and soothe her. 他会把她揽在怀中抚慰她。
It did not take long for the central bank to soothe investors' fears. 中央银行很快便消除了投资者的担忧。
This should soothe the pain. 这个应该能缓解疼痛。
Take a warm bath to soothe tense, tired muscles. 洗个热水澡，让紧张疲劳的肌肉放松一下。
body lotion to soothe dry skin 滋润干燥皮肤的润肤液

vt. 不可避免地牵涉到某事物，即使…成为必需:
vt. 不可避免地牵涉到某事物，即使…必然发生、势必造成:
entail |[ɪnˈteɪl]
The job entails a lot of hard work. 这工作需要十分艰苦的努力。
Restructuring will inevitably entail compromises. 重组免不了要有一些妥协。
Such sweeping changes must logically entail a redefinition of the concept. 从逻辑上说，这样彻底的改变必然要对这一概念重新定义。
The procedure will simply entail the interviewee answering yes or no. 这一步骤只是要求受访者回答是或否。
The girls learn exactly what is entailed in caring for a newborn baby. 姑娘们学的正是怎样照看新生儿。
It will entail driving a long distance every day. 这意味着每天都要长途开车。
Such a decision would entail a huge political risk. 这样的决定势必带来巨大的政治风险。
The changed outlook entails higher economic growth than was previously assumed. 观念的改变势必会使得经济增长高于之前预计的水平。

n. [C] [术语] 望远镜或显微镜的物镜:
adj. 1 不受个人感情或观点影响的，只基于事实来考虑的，即客观的:
2（哲学上）不存在于头脑中的，基于可被证明的事实的，即客观存在的，基于事实的:
n. [C] 企图去实现的目标:
n. [C] 企图去实现的目标:
adj. [只用于名词前]（语法上）宾格的:
objective |[əbˈdʒektɪv]
objective analysis, objective assessment, objective report 客观的分析；客观的评估 
objective criteria 客观标准 
I find it difficult to be objective where he's concerned. 只要涉及他，我就难以做到保持客观。
objective reality 客观现实
We need to establish a clear objective. 我们需要制定一个明确的目标。
to set realistic aims and objectives 设立切实可行的目标 
The legislation has failed to achieve its stated objectives. 这项法规未能达到其所宣称的目标。
the main objective of this meeting 本次会议的主要目标 
long-term, short-term objective 长期目标；短期目标 
economic, business, political, policy, strategic objective 经济目标；商业目标；政治目标；政策目标；战略目标 
course, learning, mission, research objective 课程目标；学习目标；任务目标；研究目标 
The two groups are pursuing a common objective. 这两个团体追求一个共同的目标。
The party is radical in its objectives. 该党派的目标有些激进。
We need to establish a clear objective. 我们需要制定一个明确的目标。
to set realistic aims and objectives 设立切实可行的目标 
The legislation has failed to achieve its stated objectives. 这项法规未能达到其所宣称的目标。
the main objective of this meeting 本次会议的主要目标 
long-term, short-term objective 长期目标；短期目标 
economic, business, political, policy, strategic objective 经济目标；商业目标；政治目标；政策目标；战略目标 
course, learning, mission, research objective 课程目标；学习目标；任务目标；研究目标 
The two groups are pursuing a common objective. 这两个团体追求一个共同的目标。
The party is radical in its objectives. 该党派的目标有些激进。

vi. [法律或正式] 认为:
vt.＆vi. submit (yourself) (to sb/sth) 接受某人或某事物的权威、控制或更大的掌控力，如投降、屈服、顺从；还可指因此而接受某事，即不得已而接受。相当于give up to sb/sth或yield:
vi. [法律或正式] 说（或建议、主张、表示、认为）某事:
vt. submit sth (to sb/sth) 将一份文件、提议等呈递或提交给当权者（以供其研究或考虑）:
submit |[səb'mɪt]
Counsel for the defence submitted that the evidence was inadmissible. 被告律师认为这一证据不可采纳。
She refused to submit to threats. 她面对威胁，拒不低头。
He submitted himself to a search by the guards. 他只好让卫兵搜查。
He voluntarily submitted to their control. 他主动服从他们的控制。
They were forced to submit to foreign rule. 他们被迫屈服于外国的统治。
Counsel for the defence submitted that the evidence was inadmissible. 被告律师认为这一证据不可采纳。
May I respectfully submit that this is not the right thing to do? 我可以冒昧地指出我认为这样做不对吗？
to submit application, to submit claim, to submit complaint, to submit proposal, to submit manuscript, to submit thesis 呈递申请书；呈递书面要求；提交投诉书；提出建议；提交手稿；提交论文 
They have submitted plans for our approval. 他们已经提交计划请我们审批。
She submitted report to the committee. 她把报告呈交给了委员会。
He formally submitted his resignation. 他正式提交了辞呈。

vt. 把…与…密切联系、认为…与…有关联:
vt. ~ sb/sth (as sb/sth) 使某人或某事物有可能被辨认出，如显示、是…的标志:
vt.（也可用非正式的ID）~ sb/sth (as sb/sth) 辨认出（即因为不同点而找出…）:
vt. 找到、发现:
vi. ~ with 理解、体会、认同（某人的感情或想法）:
vt. 指认、确认、验明某人或某事物（即说出其名字、身份或本质）:
vt. 确认:
identify |[aɪˈdentɪfaɪ]
She hates playing the sweet, passive women that audiences identify her with. 她讨厌扮演那些漂亮可爱、消极被动的女人，观众们已把她定型为这类角色。
The candidates all want to identify themselves with reform. 候选人都想把自己与改革密切联系起来。
The policy is closely identified with the President himself. 这项政策被认为与总统本人有密切关联。
Great orchestras came to be identified increasingly with German conductors. 杰出的交响乐团越来越被认为是德国指挥的功劳。
In many cases, the clothes people wear identify them as belonging to a particular social class. 很多情况下，人们的穿着显示出他们的社会阶级。
She wore a little nurse's hat on her head to identify her. 她头戴一顶小护士帽，很容易辨认。
His boots and purple beret identify him as commanding the Scottish Paratroops. 他的长靴和紫色贝雷帽表明他统领着苏格兰伞兵部队。
The pressbook did not specifically identify the film's setting. 宣传材料没具体说明电影的背景。
a serial number that uniquely identifies the disk 用于逐一区分光盘的序列号
The bodies were identified as those of two suspected drug dealers. 那两具尸体被辨认出原是两名贩毒嫌疑犯。
She was able to identify her attacker. 她认出了袭击她的人。
I could identify him easily if I saw him again. 如果再见到他，我很容易就能把他认出来。
Did you identify all the pictures correctly? 你把所有照片都认对了吗? 
There are a number of distinguishing characteristics by which you can identify a Hollywood epic. 好莱坞的史诗大片有着一些与众不同的特点。
I tried to identify her perfume. 我试图分辨出她用哪种香水。
The new test will enable us to identify more accurately patients who are most at risk. 新的检测方法将使我们能够更加准确地识别哪些病人的情况最危急。
Participants learn to identify different species by their calls. 参与人员学习通过分析鸣叫声音来分辨不同的物种。
Jaime successfully identified all 45 different species. 杰米成功辨别出全部45个物种。
a computer program to automatically identify any query ending with a question mark 一套自动识别以问号结尾的问句的计算机程序
Scientists have identified a link between diet and cancer. 科学家发现了饮食与癌症之间的关联。
The researchers hope to identify ways to improve the treatment. 研究人员希望找到提高治疗效果的方法。
As yet they have not identified a buyer for the company. 迄今为止他们还没有为公司找到买主。
He has stepped up efforts to identify and acquire other small companies. 他加紧努力寻找并收购别的小公司。
They are trying to identify what is wrong with the present system. 他们正试图弄清现行制度的弊端所在。
Having identified the problem, the question arises of how to overcome it. 发现问题后，如何克服它的问题又出现了。
Most students failed to identify the quotation. 多数学生没能找出那条引语。
Business trends are rapidly identified by this system. 通过这个系统能迅速了解商业发展动态。
She would only play a role if she could identify with the character. 她只愿扮演她能认同的角色。
She identified strongly with the main character in the play. 她与戏里的主人公产生了强烈共鸣。
I can't identify with men like him. 像他那样的男人我没法认同。
I could speak their language and identify with their problems because I had been there myself. 我会讲他们的语言，能体会他们的难处，因为我自己曾在那里呆过。
Police have already identified around 10 murder suspects. 警方已经确认了约10名谋杀案疑凶。
Someone has to formally identify the body. 必须有人出面正式确认死者的身份。
Passengers were asked to identify their own suitcases before they were put on the plane. 乘客被要求先确认自己的旅行箱再送上飞机。
Many of those arrested refused to identify themselves (= would not say who they were). 很多被逮捕的人拒不透露身份。
The newspaper declined to identify the source of the allegations. 报社拒绝透露那些说法的来源。
The reporters identified one of the six Americans as an Army Specialist. 记者们认出六名美国人中有一位是陆军技术兵。
Ms. Wilson was publicly identified as a CIA operative. 威尔逊女士被公开指认为中情局特工。
All three structures dated to the third century and were tentatively identified as shrines. 这三座建筑全都建于三世纪，并且被初步鉴定为神庙。
one means of identifying the disease in its early stages 早期确诊这种疾病的一种方法 
The surgeon visually identifies and cuts out the cancerous tissue. 外科大夫确认癌变组织的位置并予以切除。
We have not yet clearly identified the source of the pollution. 我们尚未确定污染源。

vt. 影响:
vt. 使计算机病毒从一台电脑上传播到另一台电脑上:
vt. 使某人、某地、某事物感染某种感情（即拥有和别人一样的感情）:
vt. ~ sb/sth (with sth) 使一种疾病传染给一个人、动物或植物:
vt. [常用被动式] 使一种物质含有能传播疾病的有害细菌，即（有害细菌）污染（某种物质）:
infect |[ɪnˈfekt]
He thought they might infect others with their bourgeois ideas. 他认为他们可以用他们的资产阶级思想去影响别人。
This virus infected thousands of computers within days. 这种病毒在短短几天内感染了数千台计算机。
She infected the children with her enthusiasm for music. 她对音乐的热爱感染了孩子们。
For an instant I was infected by her fear. 有那么一会儿她的恐惧也传染给了我。
It is not possible to infect another person through kissing. 接吻不可能把这种病传染给他人。
people infected with HIV 染上艾滋病病毒的人 
A single mosquito can infect a large number of people. 一只蚊子就可以感染很多人。
objects used by an infected person 被感染者使用过的物品 
eggs infected with salmonella 带沙门氏菌的鸡蛋 
The birds infect the milk. 鸟污染了牛奶。
a virus which is spread mainly by infected blood 主要通过被污染的血液传播的病毒

n. [U, C]（埋葬时的）葬礼:
n. [U, C] 埋葬:
burial |[ˈberiəl]
decent, proper burial 体面的葬礼 
We want to give him a decent Christian burial. 我们想给他举行一个体面的基督教式的葬礼。
He can have a decent burial. 他会有个体面的葬礼。
His family insisted he should be given a proper burial. 他的家人坚持要为他举行体面的葬礼。
burial ceremony, burial rites, burial service 葬礼；殡葬礼仪；殡葬服务 
Her body was sent home for burial. 她的尸骨已运回家乡安葬。
burial chamber, burial ground, burial mound, burial pit, burial place, burial plot, burial site, burial vault 墓室；墓地；墓冢；墓坑；坟场；坟地；坟墓所在地；墓穴 
An ancient burial site had been disturbed. 古坟场的安宁被扰乱了。
The priest prepared the body for burial. 牧师给死者作安葬准备。
There were objections to the body's burial in consecrated ground. 有人反对将这具尸体葬在圣地。

n. 1 [U] 天才（或天资、天赋）的智力，如天分:
2 [sing.] ~ for sth/for doing sth 特别的才能或本领:
n. [C] 天才人物、某领域的天才:
genius |[ˈdʒi:niəs]
the genius of Shakespeare 莎士比亚的天才 
Her idea was a stroke of genius. 她的主意是聪明的一着。
This is the mark of her real genius as a designer. 这展现了她作为设计师的真正天赋。
The man had genius and had made his mark in the aviation world. 这人很有天赋，在航空界非常出名。
In a flash of pure genius, she realized the answer to the problem. 她灵感一闪，就知道了问题的答案。
It was a stroke of genius on my part to avoid such awkward questions. 我灵机一动回避了这些尴尬的问题。
She has a genius for sorting things out. 她非常擅长处理问题。
His genius lies in his ability to convey pure terror in his work. 他的天才在于他能够在作品中传达真正的恐怖。
a writer of genius 天才的作家 
a statesman of genius 天才的政治家 
his genius for pinpointing the absurd 他能准确指出荒谬之处的天赋 
He had a genius for making people feel at home. 他有一种能够使人感觉轻松自在的本领。
boy genius 天才男孩 
artistic, comic, computer, literary, mathematical, military, musical, scientific genius 艺术天才；喜剧天才；计算机天才；文学天才；数学天才；军事天才；音乐天才；科学天才 
He's a genius at organizing people. 他是人员组织方面的天才。
You don't have to be a genius to see that they are in love! 傻子也能看出他们相爱了！
Chaplin was not just a genius, he was among the most influential figures in film history. 卓别林不仅仅是天才，也是电影史上最有影响力的人物之一。

vt. ~ yourself in 专心沉浸于某项活动（而不想别的事）:
vt. 完全掩盖或湮没思想、感情、观点等:
vt.&vi.（使）没入水或其它液体的表面之下:
submerge |[səbˈmɜ:dʒ;美-ˈmɜ:rdʒ]
He submerges himself in the world of his imagination. 他沉浸在自己想象的世界中。           
Doubts that had been submerged in her mind suddenly resurfaced. 她心里早已湮灭的疑团突然又浮现出来。
The submarine had had time to submerge before the warship could approach. 潜水艇没等军舰靠近就及时潜入水下了。
Hippos are unable to submerge in the few remaining water holes. 在仅剩的几个水坑里，河马根本无法没入水中。
The river burst its banks, submerging an entire village. 河水决堤，淹没了整个村庄。
The fields had been submerged by floodwater. 农田被洪水淹没了。

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (as sth) 对…形成模式化（或类型化）的看法:
n. [C]（人们对某一类人或事物所怀有的一种）模式化的观念或形象:
stereotype |[ˈsteriətaɪp]
Children from certain backgrounds tend to be stereotyped by their teachers. 教师往往模式化地根据学生的某些背景把他们归为某一类学生。
Why are professors stereotyped as absent-minded? 为什么在人们心目中教授就一定健忘呢？
He was stereotyped by some as a rebel. 他被一些人认定为叛逆者。
I get very worked up about the way women are stereotyped in a lot of mainstream films. 我对很多主流电影中千篇一律的女性形象感到非常气愤。
popular, traditional, usual stereotype 流行的固有观念；传统的固有观念；通常的固有观念 
negative stereotype 负面的刻板印象 
cultural, national, racial stereotype 文化上的成见；民族成见；种族成见 
gender, sexual stereotype 性别成见 
social stereotype 社会成见 
the media stereotype of Asian culture 媒体对亚洲文化的固有观念 
Jokes perpetuate various national stereotypes. 笑话固化了对各民族的成见。
Not all areas of the country fit the stereotypes of the poor north and the rich south. 并非该国的所有地区都符合北穷南富的刻板印象。
a writer who challenges sexual stereotypes 挑战性别成见的一个作家 
common stereotypes about the French 常见的对法国人的刻板印象 
the stereotype of women as passive victims 作为被动受害者的刻板女性形象 
He doesn't conform to the usual stereotype of the businessman with a dark suit and briefcase. 他不同于人们一般印象中穿黑色西装、提公文包的商人形象。
There's always been a stereotype about successful businessmen. 人们对于成功商人一直都有一种固定印象。
Many men feel their body shape doesn't live up to the stereotype of the ideal man. 很多男人都觉得自己的体形不符合人们心目中惯有的理想男性形象。

vt. 通过加热使某事物（尤指黄油）变得纯净:
vt. [正式] 使某事更清晰易懂，或更易于理解，即阐明，澄清:
clarify |['klærɪfaɪ]
clarified butter 已净化的黄油
to clarify situation, to clarify problem, to clarify issue 澄清情况；澄清问题 
I hope this clarifies my position. 我希望这能阐明我的立场。
She asked him to clarify what he meant. 她要他说清楚他是什么意思。
Headings and sub-headings further clarify the structure of the article. 标题和小标题使文章的结构更加清楚。
I am happy to clarify any points that are still unclear. 我乐意对任何仍不清楚的地方进行说明。

n. 1 [U, C] ~ (from sth) (into/to sth)（形式、用途、体制或制度的）转变、转换、改变:
2 [U, C] ~ (from sth) (to sth)（宗教或信仰的）改变；皈依；归附:
3 [C] barn/loft ~（尤指为居住而）改建的房屋:
n. [C]（在橄榄球和美式足球中）（持球触地或持球越过对方球门线后的）附加得分:
conversion |[kənˈvɜ:ʃn;美-ˈvɜ:rʒn;-ʃn]
the conversion of farm buildings into family homes 农场建筑物改建为家庭住宅 
the conversion of disused rail lines into cycle routes 将废弃的铁路线改成自行车道 
A loft conversion can add considerably to the value of a house. 将阁楼改造一下就可以使房子的价值大增。
a firm which specializes in house conversions (= turning large houses into several smaller flats/apartments) 专营房屋改建的公司 
A local building company will carry out the conversion of the farm buildings into business units. 当地一家建筑公司将把农场建筑改造成商业用房。
a metric conversion table (= showing how to change metric amounts into or out of another system) 公制换算表 
Consult the conversion table to figure out the weight in kilos. 查查换算表，计算出以千克为单位的重量。
There are no charges for currency conversion. 货币兑换不收费。
data conversion 数据转换 
file conversion（计算机的）文件格式转换 
conversion from analogue/analog to digital data 从模拟数据转换成数字数据 
energy conversion 能量转化 
Cheap solar energy conversion has been the dream of scientists since the 1970s. 自20世纪70年代以来，科学家一直梦想着进行低成本的太阳能转化。
a conversion kit that lets your vehicle run on non-polluting fuel 使车辆依靠无污染燃料运行的转换装备 
the conversion of the Anglo-Saxons by Christian missionaries 基督教传教士使盎格鲁——撒克逊人的信仰改变 
his conversion from Judaism to Christianity 他由犹太教改信基督教 
his conversion to Christianity 他皈依基督教 
It's hard to trust the President's conversion. 总统信仰的改变让人难以相信。
Christian, religious, spiritual conversion 皈依基督教；宗教上的皈依；精神上的皈依 
deathbed conversion 临终的皈依 
the forced conversion of Jews during the Inquisition 宗教法庭对犹太人的强迫皈依 
In the 90s he underwent a religious conversion. 20 世纪90年代，他经历了宗教信仰的转变。
conversion experience 信仰转变的经历 
her overnight conversion to market economics（比喻用法）她突然转到了市场经济学 
The try came in the third minute and Jon Bland added the conversion. 第三分钟，乔恩·布兰德踢定位球又拿到了附加分。

adj.（大机构的专家）特聘的:
n. [C] 旅馆的住宿者:
adj. 1 在某地居住的:
2（医生或教师）住在任职地的:
n. [C] 美国的高级专科住院实习医生:
adj.（医生）住在任职地的:
n. [C] 某地的一个居民、住户:
resident |[ˈrezɪdənt]
Having begun her career at Gray's Pottery, she stayed there as resident designer for seven years. 在格雷陶器场开始自己的职业生涯后，她在那里做了七年的特聘设计师。
Tom's our resident expert (= our own expert) on foreign movies. 汤姆是我们自己的外国电影专家。
The hotel restaurant is open to non-residents. 旅店的餐馆对外开放。
the town's resident population (= not tourists or visitors) 镇上的居民 
to be resident abroad, to be resident in the US 常驻国外；常驻美国 
He moved to Belgium in 1990 to live with his son, who had been resident in Brussels since 1967. 他于1990年搬到比利时和儿子一起住。他儿子自1967年起就住在布鲁塞尔。
The morning after your arrival, you meet with the resident physician for a private consultation. 到达后的第二天早上，你就去见住院医生，进行私人问诊。
The morning after your arrival, you meet with the resident physician for a private consultation. 到达后的第二天早上，你就去见住院医生，进行私人问诊。
a resident of the United States 美国的居民 
There were confrontations between local residents and the police. 当地居民和警察之间有过冲突。
The Archbishop called upon the government to build more low cost homes for local residents. 大主教呼吁政府为当地居民建造更多低成本的住宅。
More than 10 percent of Munich residents live below the poverty line. 超过10％的慕尼黑居民生活在贫困线以下。

n. [U, sing.] [正式] 一个地方（或一种情况、一个人）的外观、样子。不常用:
n. [C] 一个情况（或想法、问题等）的一个特定的部分（或特征）；也可指其可能得到考虑的一个方面。如方面、层面。是“方面”的常规用词，极为常用:
n. [C, usually sing.] [正式] 一栋建筑物（或一扇窗户、一片土地等）所朝向的方向；一栋建筑物上（朝向某个方向）的一个侧面。相当于orientation:
n. [U, C]（动词的）体（即表示一个动作是发生一次还是发生多次，是已完成还是仍在进行）:
aspect |['æspekt]
Events began to take on a more sinister aspect. 事情开始呈现较为不祥的征兆。
all aspects of city life 城市生活的方方面面 
to look at the problem from every aspect 从各个角度考虑这个问题 
an aspect of her character 她性格的一个方面 
the formal aspects of the language system 语言系统的形式方面 
cultural, economic, moral, technical aspect 文化方面；经济方面；道德方面；技术方面 
the positive aspects to retirement 退休的积极方面

vi. apologize (to sb) (for sth) 就自己所做错的事或造成的麻烦向对方道歉、谢罪:
apologize |[ə'pɒlədӡaɪz]
Why should I apologize? 我为什么要道歉？
Go and apologize to her. 去给她赔不是。
We apologize for the late departure of this flight. 本次航班起飞延误，谨致歉意。

adj. 1 在某种情况中为人们所接受的，如合宜的、适当的:
2 [非正式] 穿好了衣服因而适宜见人的:
adj. 1 在某种情况中为人们所接受的，即得体的:
2 [非正式] 穿好了衣服因而适宜见人的:
adj.（人或行为）正派的、公平的、待人有礼的:
adj. 在标准或品质上很好的、不错的:
decent |[ˈdi:snt]
She ought to have waited for a decent interval before getting married again. 她再次嫁人也应该适当等上一段时间。
But, after a decent interval, trade relations began to return to normal. 但是适当地间断一段时间后，贸易关系开始恢复正常。
He should do the decent thing and resign. 他应该识时务地辞职。
I can't go to the door─I'm not decent. 我不能去开门——我还没穿好衣服。
That dress isn't decent. 那件连衣裙不够雅观。
a decent burial 体面的葬礼 
She watched his face, as the coffin was lowered into the ground. As soon as it was decent, he plunged through the crowd towards the cars. 棺材慢慢放入墓穴时她一直注视着他的脸。礼仪许可的时间一到，他便挤过人群走向那些车子。
He should do the decent thing and resign. 他应该识时务地辞职。
I can't go to the door─I'm not decent. 我不能去开门——我还没穿好衣服。
ordinary, decent, hard-working people 勤劳、正派的普通人 
Everyone said he was a decent sort of guy. 人人都说他是个品行端正的小伙子。
The majority of people around here are decent people. 这里的大多数人都很正派。
The jury will see what a decent guy he is. 陪审团将会认识到他是一个多么正派的人。
decent meal（非正式）相对不错的饭菜 
decent job（非正式）相当不错的工作 
decent place to live（非正式）相当不错的住所 
Nearby is a village with a decent pub. 附近的村子里有一家还不错的酒馆。
I need a decent night's sleep. 我需要好好地睡上一夜。
He didn't get a decent explanation. 他没有得到一个像样的解释。
My aunt has been pretty decent to me 姑姑一直对我不错。

n. [C] 常客；似乎总在一个地方的事物:
n. [C] 常客:
n. [C] [尤英] 固定设施（如房屋内安装的浴缸或抽水马桶，搬家时不能搬走的东西）:
n. [C] [英]（定期定点举行的）体育活动，体育节:
n. [C] 常客:
fixture |[ˈfɪkstʃə(r)]
He has stayed with us so long he seems to have become a permanent fixture. 他在我们这里待了很久，好像成了我们的固定成员。
The new conductor is now a permanent fixture in the orchestra. 新指挥现在已成了管弦乐队的固定成员。
She was a fixture in New York's nightclubs. 她是纽约夜总会的常客。
The cordless kettle may now be a fixture in most kitchens. 无绳电热水壶现在可能是多数厨房的固定设备。
He has stayed with us so long he seems to have become a permanent fixture. 他在我们这里待了很久，好像成了我们的固定成员。
The new conductor is now a permanent fixture in the orchestra. 新指挥现在已成了管弦乐队的固定成员。
She was a fixture in New York's nightclubs. 她是纽约夜总会的常客。
The price of the house includes fixtures and fittings. 房屋价格包括固定装置和附加设备。
an exceptional example of Victorian architecture with the original fixtures intact 原有固定装置完好无损的维多利亚时期建筑的优秀典范 
The apartment still has the original light fixtures. 这所公寓仍然保留着原来安装的灯具。
fixtures and fittings（英）固定装置和附加设备
Saturday's fixture against Liverpool 定于星期六与利物浦队的比赛 
a home fixture against Leeds 在主场与利兹队的比赛 
City won this fixture 3-0 last season. 上个赛季曼城队在该项赛事中以3比0获胜。
important, major fixture 重要赛事；大型比赛 
difficult fixture 艰难的赛事 
away, home fixture 客场比赛；主场比赛 
annual, regular fixture 一年一度的体育赛事；定期举行的体育赛事 
opening fixture 揭幕赛 
final fixture 决赛 
international fixture 国际比赛 
friendly fixture 友谊赛 
league fixture 联赛 
sporting fixture 体育比赛 
The team is playing an important fixture this evening. 该队今晚将进行一场重要比赛。
The club was fined for not fulfilling its fixtures at the weekend. 这家俱乐部由于周末没有完成赛事而受到处罚。
There are plans to make the race an annual fixture. 有计划使这项比赛成为年度赛事。
The golf club has staged many international fixtures. 这家高尔夫俱乐部已举办过很多次国际比赛了。
the season's fixture list 这个季度的体育活动项目表 
a full fixture list of friendly matches 友谊赛的总赛程表
She was a fixture in New York's nightclubs. 她是纽约夜总会的常客。

n. 1 [C] 拥有某一宗旨的大型重要机构，如大学、教堂、银行等:
2 [C] [常贬] 社会福利机构，如照顾老年人、儿童或精神病患者的福利机构、孤儿院、收容所等:
n. [C] [非正式，幽默] 因长时间在某地（或从事某项工作）而广为人知的一个人:
n. [U] 建立或制定一个新的体系、制度、法律、规程等:
n. [C] 在某一群人中由来已久的风俗或制度（该风俗或制度常被作为该社会群体的典型特征）:
n. [C] 拥有某一宗旨的大型重要机构，其含义包括大学:
institution |[͵ɪnstɪ'tju:ʃn]
government institution 政府机构 
non-profit institution 非营利性机构 
academic, education, research institution 学术机构；教育机构；研究机构 
banking, financial institution 银行机构；金融机构 
charitable, legal, military, religious, medical institution 慈善机构；法律机构；军事机构；宗教机构；医疗机构 
He has been in an institution since he was six. 他六岁起就在孤儿院生活。
mental institution 精神病院 
correctional（美）, penal institution 管教机构；刑罚机构 
state institution（美）国家收容机构
an institution around the town 镇子里的知名人士
the official institution of censorship 审查制度的正式建立
the institution of marriage 婚姻制度 
a national institution 民族风俗 
cultural, legal, political, religious, social institution 文化习俗；法律制度；政治制度；宗教习俗；社会习俗 
mainstream institution 主流习俗 
the institution of slavery 奴隶制
academic, education, higher-education, research institution 学术机构；教育机构；高等教育机构；研究机构 
a medical institution 医学院校

vt. 觉察出、预感到（某事物的存在或某事即将发生）:
n. [sing.] ~ of sth 对某事物之存在（或不久即将发生之事）的察觉、预感:
vt. 通过闻味来寻找:
n. [U, C] 某事物的香味:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sth (with sth) 使某事物具有某种香味:
n. [U, C, usually sing.] 人或动物留下的气味、臭迹（狗能跟随这种气味来寻找人和动物）:
n. [U] [尤英] 香水:
scent |[sent]
The press could scent a scandal. 记者觉察出有桩丑闻。
By then, the team was scenting victory. 到那时，队员已经预感到即将获胜了。
Republicans from Pennsylvania and New York are scenting victory. 来自宾夕法尼亚州和纽约州的共和党人预感到胜利在望。
The scent of victory was in the air. 胜利在望。
The dog scented a rabbit. 狗嗅到了兔子的气息。
dogs which scent the hidden birds 嗅出隐藏鸟群的狗
the heavy scent of Indian cooking 印度菜浓郁的香味 
The air was filled with the scent of wild flowers. 空气中弥漫着野花的芬芳。
These flowers have no scent. 这些花不香。
Flowers are chosen for their scent as well as their look. 选花不仅要观其形还要闻其香。
the fresh scent of flowers 鲜花的清香 
floral, flowery scent 花香 
jasmine, lavender, pine scent 茉莉花香；薰衣草的香味；松木的香气 
musky, spicy scent 麝香的芬芳；香料的芬芳 
Frank inhaled the exotic floral scent of her perfume. 弗兰克嗅了一下她的香水散发出来的异国花香。
The flowers give off a heady scent at night. 这些花在晚上散发出醉人的芳香。
From the vine outside came the scent of honey. 外面的葡萄藤飘来花蜜的香味。
The scent of pine filled the room. 松木的香气弥漫整个房间。
The scent of incense lingered in the air. 熏香的气味还留存在空气中。
Roses scented the night air. 夜空中弥漫着玫瑰花香。
Jasmine flowers scent the air. 空气中弥漫着茉莉花香。
Scent your drawers and wardrobe with your favourite aromas. 用你最喜欢的香味熏香你的抽屉和衣柜。
body, human, masculine, personal, sexual scent 体味；人体气味；男性体味；个体气味；与性别相关的气味 
The dogs must have lost her scent. 狗准是闻不到她的气味了。
The dog was on the scent of a rabbit. 狗循着兔子的臭迹追踪。
The hounds have the scent. 猎狗嗅着臭迹。
A police dog picked up the murderer's scent. 一只警犬嗅出了凶手的气味。
The cat had left its scent on the sofa. 沙发上留下了猫的气味。
Many kinds of insect find their mates by scent. 许多昆虫通过气味找到交配对象。
scent gland 气味腺 
scent mark, scent marking 气味标记 
scent trail 臭迹
a bottle of scent 一瓶香水 
She dabbed herself with scent. 她在身上擦了一点香水。

n. [U] 一个人、动物或群体的通常意义上的健康、幸福与安全，与well-being近义:
n. 1 [U] 常指由政府提供给需要帮助的人或动物的实际帮助或金钱帮助，即福利:
2 [U] 政府定期向穷人、失业人员、患病者等所发放的社会保障金，此义项尤用于美式英语:
welfare |['welfeə]
child, community, family, human welfare 儿童福祉；社区福祉；家庭幸福；人类福祉 
general welfare 大众福祉 
the welfare of all citizens 全体公民的福祉
state welfare 国家福利 
social welfare 社会福利 
welfare agency, welfare system 福利机构；福利制度 
welfare worker 福利工作者 
welfare benefits, welfare payments 福利；福利金 
welfare budget, welfare spending 福利预算；福利支出 
welfare policy 福利政策 
welfare recipient 领取福利者 
welfare dependency 对福利的依赖 
on welfare（尤美）依靠福利 
to live on welfare 靠社会保障金生活

n. [C, U] 政府或其它权威机构给予某个行业或公司的补贴（以降低其生产成本，从而使卖家可以降低产品售价，提高市场竞争力）:
subsidy |[ˈsʌbsədi]
direct subsidy 直接补贴 
hidden subsidy 隐性补贴 
The help that the government gives the industry amounts to an indirect subsidy. 政府给予这项产业的支持无异于一笔间接补贴。
annual subsidy 年度补贴 
domestic, EU, federal, government, public, state subsidy 国内补贴；欧盟补贴；政府补贴；公共补贴；国家补贴 
corporate（尤美）, financial, tax（尤美）, taxpayer（美）subsidy 公司补贴；财务补贴；税收补贴；纳税人补贴 
agricultural, childcare, export, farm, food, housing subsidy 农业补贴；育儿补贴；出口补贴；农场补贴；食品补贴；住房补贴 
illegal subsidy 非法补贴 
The level of subsidy given to farmers is to be reduced. 对农户的补贴水平将被降低。
The Arts Council granted them a small subsidy. 艺术委员会拨给他们一小笔补贴。
Export subsidies have been reduced by 20%. 出口补贴已降低了20%。
subsidy payments 补贴款项 
subsidy scheme（英）, subsidy system 补贴方案；补贴机制 
subsidy cuts 补贴削减 
state subsidies for rice producers 国家对水稻种植户的补贴 
subsidies on basic goods and services 基础商品和服务补贴 
subsidies to agriculture 农业补贴 
The government cut spending through reductions in state subsidies to industry. 政府通过削减国家对工业的补贴来减少开支。
They've also slashed state subsidies to utilities and transportation. 他们还大幅削减了对公共事业和交通运输的政府补贴。
the abolition of subsidies, the removal of subsidies, the withdrawal of subsidies 补贴的废止；补贴的取消 
protests against the removal of subsidies on basic commodities 对取消基本商品补贴的抗议
