luxurious					豪华的
astronomical				天文学的，巨大的
coordination				协调
currency					货币，通行
blame						责怪，自责
dismiss					对...不予考虑，彻底忘掉，解雇
testify					作证
qualify					使具有资格，限定，修饰，有权
inquire					询问，打听
emphasize					强调，重读
overwhelming				压倒性的，难以抑制的
flame						火焰，强烈感情，燃烧，变红
imitate					仿效，模仿，复制
handle					把手，理解，称呼，对待，应付，涉及
drought					旱灾
drummer					鼓手
revive					使复元，振兴
vulnerable					脆弱的，易受影响的
spot						点，地点，困境，认出
suppress					镇压，封锁，克制
diminish					减少，削弱，贬低
reconcile					使和好，使...一致，使...将就，调解
artificial					人造的，人为的，假装的
athletic					运动的，运动员的
confrontational				对抗的，咄咄逼人的
row						一排，连续，划船，争吵
navigate					导航，指路，驾驶，横渡
panic						恐慌，匆忙
hostile					不友善的，反对的，不利的，敌人的
console					安慰，控制面板
\\\\\\\\

adj. 极其快乐且舒适的，如惬意的:
adj. 十分舒适的；奢华的；昂贵且享受的:
luxurious |[lʌgˈʒʊəriəs;美-ˈʒʊr-]
Amy tilted her wine in her glass with a luxurious sigh. 埃米微倾酒杯晃了晃酒，惬意地舒了一口气。
The car felt luxurious. 这辆车感觉很豪华。
a luxurious hotel 豪华宾馆 
luxurious surroundings 豪华舒适的环境 
Camping these days can be positively luxurious. 如今野营可能是十分奢侈的。

relating to astronomy:与天文学有关
(of an amount) extremely large:（数量）非常大
astronomical |ˌastrəˈnɒmɪkl| Adjective/:天文,天文数字,天价的
astronomical observations:天文观测
he wanted an astronomical fee:he想要一笔天文数字的费用

n. 1 [U]（某事物的各部分、某群人的各个子群体等之间的以一种有组织的且高效的方式所进行的）协作、协调、配合:
2 [U] 身体的协调动作的能力:
coordination |[kəʊˌɔ:dɪˈneɪʃn;美koʊˌɔ:rd-]
a need for greater coordination between departments 各部门间加强配合的必要 
the lack of coordination between the civilian and military authorities 老百姓和军事当局之间缺乏协调 
the coordination of economic policy 经济政策的协调 
a lack of coordination in conservation policy 环保政策的不协调 
inter-agency, internal, international coordination 机构间的协作；内部协作；国际协作 
economic, policy coordination 经济协调；政策协调 
advice on colour/color coordination 有关色彩搭配的建议 
We must make a real effort to ensure greater coordination between the different groups. 我们必须认真作出努力以确保不同团体之间的更紧密配合。
a leaflet produced by the government in coordination with professional bodies 政府在专业团体协助下制作的传单 
coordination of conservation activities 自然保护活动的配合 
a need for coordination with the training department 与培训部协调的必要 
clumsiness and lack of coordination 身体笨拙而且缺乏协调能力 
To improve hand-eye coordination, practise throwing and catching balls. 要想提高手眼协调能力，就练习投球和接球。
You need good hand-eye coordination to play ball games. 玩球类游戏，手和眼的动作要协调好。
motor, physical coordination 运动协调能力；身体协调能力 
coordination problem 身体协调性问题

n. [U] 被很多人使用或接受，即流行:
n. [C, U] 一国在交易流通过程中发挥交换之媒介作用的物品，即“通货”，因绝大部分情况下都是钱币充当此媒介，故也常称为“货币”。currency是本组其它表示“钱币”之词的基础，是一个高度概括性的学术概念，强调钱币作为一个系统而具有的流通性和媒介属性:
currency |['kʌrənsɪ]
The term ‘post-industrial’ now has wide currency.“后工业化”这个术语现已广为使用。
The qualification has gained currency all over the world. 这种资质在全世界都得到了普遍认可。
This belief has general currency. 这种信仰广泛流行。
national currency 本国货币 
foreign currency 外币 
Japanese currency 日本货币 
weak currency 疲软货币 
hard currency 硬通货 
paper currency 纸币 
currency exchange 货币兑换 
currency markets 货币市场 
currency devaluation 货币贬值 
currency system 货币体系（或货币制度）
currency reform 货币改革

blame sth on sb/sth 认为（或表示说）某人或某事物对某件坏事负责，即责怪，指责，把…归咎于:
n. [U] blame (for sth)（做坏事或错事的）责任；说某人应该为某件事负责（即责备，指责）:
blame |[bleɪm]
vt. blame sb/sth (for sth) 
She doesn’t blame anyone for her father’s death. 她没把她父亲的死归罪于任何人。
A dropped cigarette is being blamed for the fire. 一支乱扔的烟被指为引起这场火灾的罪魁祸首。
Police are blaming the accident on dangerous driving. 警方把事故原因归咎于危险驾驶。
Whenever something goes wrong, everyone blames it on me. 一出什么错儿，所有人都把责任归在我身上。
The government has been widely blamed for the crisis. 政府因这次危机而受到了广泛指责。
Why do I always get the blame for everything that goes wrong? 为什么出了事总是让我背黑锅？
The company refused to accept any blame for the damage. 公司拒绝为损失承担任何责任。
They placed the blame squarely on the doctor. 他们把责任全然归咎于医生。
The government must share the blame for this confusion. 政府必须为这种混乱局面承担一部分责任。
They tried to shift the blame onto someone else. 他们试图把责任推卸到别人身上。

vt. dismiss sb (from sth) 正式解除某人的职位，即解雇，免职。当一个人被dismiss的时候，通常有合理的理由，且需要走正常的人事流程，词义色彩上也比较温和而中立，比较常用。常用被动式:
vt. 把某人打发走，或让其离开:
vt. dismiss sb/sth (as sth) 认为…不重要且不值得考虑（或不值一提），相当于wave aside:
vt. dismiss sth (from sth) 将思想、想法或感情从头脑中去除:
vt. 驳回（或不受理）法律案件，通常由于证据不足:
dismiss |[dɪs'mɪs]
She claims she was unfairly dismissed from her post. 她声称自己被无理解雇。
At 12 o’clock the class was dismissed. 12点下课了。
to dismiss his objection 对他的异议不予理会 
Children’s fears should never be dismissed lightly. 对于儿童的恐惧千万别不当回事儿。
She dismissed their arguments as irrelevant. 她认为他们的论据毫不相关而不予考虑。
Dismissing her fears, she climbed higher. 她排除了恐惧，爬得更高了。
He dismissed her from his mind. 他挥去了对她的思念。
to dismiss the idea from mind 把想法从头脑中清除
The case was dismissed. 此案已被驳回。

~ (to/about sth)（对发生的事或某事的真实性）作证，尤指出庭作证:
vt. 因为有证据而表明自己相信某事的真实性，即证明、证实:
vi. [尤美] 在公开场合见证（上帝的存在）:
testify |[ˈtestɪfaɪ]
vt.&vi. ~ (against/for sb) 
She refused to testify against her husband. 她拒绝出庭作证指控丈夫。
There are several witnesses who will testify for the defence. 有几名证人愿意为被告作证。
He was summoned to testify before a grand jury. 他被传唤出庭在大陪审团前作证。
He testified (that) he was at the theatre at the time of the murder. 他作证声称凶杀案发生时自己正在剧院。
Several eyewitnesses testified that they saw the officers hit Miller in the face. 几位目击证人证明他们看见那几个警官打了米勒的脸。
Eva testified to having seen Herndon with his gun on the stairs. 伊娃作证称看见过赫恩登持枪站在楼梯上。
Too many young people are unable to write or spell well, as employers will testify. 写作或拼写不好的年轻人太多了，这一点雇主都会证明。
Recent excavations testify to the presence of cultivated inhabitants on the hill during the Arthurian period. 最近几次发掘证实了亚瑟王时期这座山上有农耕人口居住过。

vi. ~ (as sth) 取得做某项工作的资格（如通过资格考试）:
vt. ~ sb (for sth) 使某人具备做某事所需的技能和知识:
vi. ~ (for sth) 获得更高一级的参赛资格:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (as sth) 质量高到（或特征充足到）足以符合或配得上某称号、名称等:
vt.&vi. ~ (sb) (for sth)（使）有权做某事:
vt. [语法]（单词）修饰、限定:
vt. 使原先所说的话更具体:
qualify |[ˈkwɒlɪfaɪ;美ˈkwɑ:l-]
How long does it take to qualify? 需要多长时间才能取得资格？
But when I'd qualified and started teaching it was a different story. 可是等我获得资格开始教书的时候，却是另一番情形了。
I qualified as a doctor from London University over 30 years ago. 30多年前，我从伦敦大学毕业，取得了行医资格。
This training course will qualify you for a better job. 本培训课程将使你能胜任更好的工作。
The basic course does not qualify you to practise as a therapist. 这门基础课程并不能让你获得治疗师的从业资格。
The test qualifies you to drive heavy vehicles. 通过这一考试就有资格驾驶重型车辆。
He failed to qualify. 他未能获得参赛资格。
They qualified for the World Cup. 他们打进了世界杯。
Nottingham Forest qualified for the final by beating Tranmere on Tuesday. 诺丁汉森林队于星期二打败了特兰米尔队，取得了决赛资格。
Cameroon have also qualified after beating Sierra Leone. 喀麦隆队击败塞拉利昂队之后也成功晋级。
Do you think this dress qualifies as evening wear? 你看这连衣裙适合作晚礼服吗？
It's an old building, but that doesn't qualify it as an ancient monument! 这是一座老建筑，但不足以称为古迹。
13 percent of American households qualify as poor, says Mr. Mishel. 米歇尔先生说，13%的美国家庭符合贫困家庭的标准。
These people seem to think that reading a few books on old age qualifies them as experts. 这些人似乎以为自己读了几本关于老年人的书就可以算作专家了。
A three-week course hardly qualifies as sufficient training. 三周的课程很难称得上充分的培训。
If you live in the area, you qualify for a parking permit. 你若在本地区居住，就有权领取停车许可证。
To qualify, you must have lived in this country for at least three years. 你必须在这个国家居住至少三年才能享有此权利。
Paying a fee doesn't automatically qualify you for membership. 交纳会费并不能使你自动成为会员。
You will automatically qualify for a pension. 你将自动获得领取养老金的权利。
To qualify for maternity leave you must have worked for the same employer for two years. 你必须为同一个雇主工作满两年才能享受产假。
In ‘the open door’, ‘open’ is an adjective qualifying ‘door’. 在the open door中，open是修饰door的形容词。
I want to qualify what I said earlier--I didn't mean he couldn't do the job, only that he would need supervision. 我想具体说明一下我原先的话——我没有说他不能担任这工作，只是说他需要指导。
I would qualify that by putting it into context. 我会将它放入上下文中进行具体解释。

ask for information from someone:向某人询问信息
ask about the health and well-being of (someone):询问（某人）的健康和福祉
ask to see or speak to (someone):要求见（某人）或与（某人）交谈
investigate; look into:调查；调查
inquire |ɪnˈkwʌɪə| Verb/:查询,询问
Annie inquired after her parents:Annie问候她的父母
that was Paul inquiring for you—I told him he couldn't come in:那是保罗替你打听——我告诉他他不能进来
the task of political sociology is to inquire into the causes of political events:政治社会学的任务是探究政治事件的起因

vt. 使突出、使更明显:
vt.（说话时）重读、强调（一个词或短语），即加强…的语气:
vt. 对某事赋予特殊的重要性，即强调、重视、着重:
emphasize |[ˈemfəsaɪz]
She swept her hair back from her face to emphasize her high cheekbones. 她把头发朝脸后拢，使高高的颧骨显得更为突出。
All the arguments serve to emphasize the controversy surrounding this disease. 所有争论突出了有关这种疾病的争议。           
His speech emphasized the importance of attracting industry to the town. 他的发言强调了吸引工业到城镇的重要性。
She emphasized that their plan would mean sacrifices and hard work. 她强调说他们的计划将意味着牺牲和辛勤工作。
He emphasized how little was known about the disease. 他着重指出对这种疾病所知甚少。
It should be emphasized that this is only one possible explanation. 应该强调的是，这只是一种可能的解释。
But it's also been emphasized that no major policy changes can be expected to come out of the meeting. 但是也已经强调过，此次会议预计不会带来重大政策转变。
Discuss pollution with your child, emphasizing how nice a clean street, lawn, or park looks. 和孩子讨论污染问题，强调清洁的街道、草地或公园有多么美丽。
The new law rightly emphasizes parental responsibility. 新法律合理地强调了父母的责任。
I must emphasize that this is only a summary, and the full report will not be available until next week. 我必须强调这只是个摘要，完整报告下个星期可出来。
It is important to emphasize this point. 强调这一点是很重要的。
I have been at pains to emphasize the positive aspects of discipline. 我极力强调了纪律的积极作用。

adj.（数量）巨大的，压倒性的:
adj. 巨大或强烈得让人无法抵挡（或让人不知所措）的:
overwhelming |[ˌəʊvəˈwelmɪŋ;美ˌoʊvərˈw-]
The overwhelming majority of small businesses go broke within the first twenty-four months. 绝大多数小企业在头两年内就破产了。
The overwhelming majority of those present were in favour of the plan. 绝大多数与会者都赞同这个计划。
The party won an overwhelming victory in Burma's general elections last May. 去年五月，该党在缅甸大选中获得了压倒性的胜利。
The task won't feel so overwhelming if you break it down into small, easy-to-accomplish steps. 如果将这个任务细分为简单易行的若干步骤来做，便不会感到如此无所适从。
She felt an overwhelming desire to have another child. 她一心想再要一个孩子。
The evidence against him was overwhelming. 对他不利的证据确凿，无法抵赖。
an overwhelming sense of loss 莫大的失落感 
She had the almost overwhelming desire to tell him the truth. 她恨不得要告诉他实情。
You may find it somewhat overwhelming at first. 起初你可能觉得它有些无法抗拒。
The urge to look was almost overwhelming. 想看一眼的冲动几乎按捺不住。
All these new experiences were a little overwhelming. 所有这些全新的体验有点儿让人无法完全适应。
seemingly overwhelming obstacles 貌似无法逾越的障碍

n. [C] [文学] 强烈的感情；激情:
n. [U] 鲜红色；橘红色；橙黄色:
vt.＆vi. [文学] 人的脸因强烈情绪而变红；或使…变红:
n. [C] [非正式] 火药味的电子邮件（或互联网信息）:
vt. [非正式] 通过互联网（如电子邮件）向某人发送愤怒或侮辱性的消息:
vi. [文学] 燃烧（同时产生明亮的火焰）:
n. 1 [C, U] 火焰；火舌:
2 [pl.] flames可表示火。是一种借代用法，火势常较为凶猛:
flame |[fleɪm]
His childhood interest in the game had ignited a flame of passion for football. 他童年时对足球的兴趣点燃了他对这项运动的激情。
to rekindle the flames of romance 重燃爱火 
a flame of anger 一团怒火
a flame-red car 橘红色的汽车
Her cheeks flamed with rage. 她愤怒得两颊通红。
The best way to respond to a flame is to ignore it. 回应攻击性电子邮件的最好方式就是置之不理。
Ever been flamed? 收到过攻击性电子邮件吗？
The logs flamed on the hearth. 木柴在壁炉里燃烧。
Hope flamed in her.（比喻用法）她满怀希望。
the tiny yellow flame of a match 火柴小小的黄色火焰 
hot flame 炽热的火焰 
flickering flame 闪烁的火焰 
Olympic flame 奥运圣火 
Sheets of flame shot into the air. 熊熊火焰直冲云霄。
intense flames 烈火 
All the historical records have gone up in flames. 所有的历史文献都毁于大火。
The helicopter burst into flames. 直升机突然起火了。
The building was in flames. 大楼失火了。
Winds fanned the flames. 风助火势。
Flames shot high into the air. 火焰冲天。
Ethnic tensions helped fuel the flames of civil war.（比喻用法）紧张的种族关系使内战愈演愈烈。

vt. 模仿、仿效:
vt. 为了取乐而模仿某人的讲话或举止:
imitate |[ˈɪmɪteɪt]
Her style of painting has been imitated by other artists. 她的绘画风格为其他画家所模仿。
a genuine German musical which does not try to imitate the American model 不刻意模仿美国模式的真正的德国音乐剧 
Art imitates Nature. 艺术是对大自然的仿制。
Teachers provide a model for children to imitate. 教师是孩子仿效的典范。
a precedent which may be imitated by other activists in the future 将来可能会被其他激进分子仿效的先例 
No computer can imitate the complex functions of the human brain. 任何计算机都无法模拟人脑的复杂功能。
She knew that the girls used to imitate her and laugh at her behind her back. 她知道那些女孩子过去常在背地里模仿她、嘲笑她。
Clarence screws up his face and imitates the Colonel again. 克拉伦斯又板起面孔,模仿起上校来。
to imitate his accent 模仿他的口音

vt. 对待:
vt. 处理或应付（一种局势、一个人、一摊工作或一种强烈情绪）。是此义的常规用词:
vt. 控制或操纵（一台车辆、一只动物、一件工具等）:
vi. handle well/badly 驾驶（或控制）起来容易（或困难）:
vt. 用手移动某事物:
The label on the box said: ‘Fragile. Handle with care.’ 箱子上的标签写着:
vt. 用手抓握某事物。并不强调力度大小（如轻拿轻放就可用handle），仅表示一种事实:
The label on the box said: ‘Fragile. Handle with care.’ 箱子上的标签写着:
vt. 用手触摸某事物。词义已为touch所涵盖，且不如touch常用:
n. 1 [C]（门窗、抽屉等的）把手或拉手（用于将其打开）:
2 [C] 物品（如杯子、袋子或工具）的手柄（用于抓握或搬运）:
adj. -handled构成形容词，指有某个数量（或某种类型）的手柄的:
vt. 买或卖某东西，词义相当于deal in，但不太常用:
handle |['hændl]
Many of the prisoners were roughly handled; some were killed. 很多囚犯受到了粗暴的对待；有些被整死了。
This matter has been handled very badly. 这件事处理得很糟糕。
to handle a situation 应对局势 
to handle a problem 应对问题 
to handle a crisis 应对危机 
to handle a wide variety of queries 处理各种各样的咨询 
to handle many calls 处理很多电话 
She knew how to handle publicity. 她知道如何做宣传。
Large meetings are more difficult to handle. 大型会议更难操办。
She’s very good at handling her patients. 她对待病人很有办法。
The sale was handled by Adams Commercial. 亚当斯公司经营这笔买卖。
We all have to learn to handle stress. 我们都得学会应对压力。
I wasn’t sure if I could handle such a powerful car. 我没有把握是否能驾驶功率这样大的车。
She’s a difficult horse to handle. 那是匹桀骜不驯的母马。
The car handles well in any weather. 这辆车在任何天气下开起来都很灵便。
Gardening tools can be hazardous if carelessly handled. 如若使用不慎，园艺工具也会有危险。
Our cat hates being handled. 我们的猫不喜欢被人摸弄。
door handle 门把手 
broom, fork, knife handle 扫帚把；叉柄；刀把 
carrying handle 提梁 
a long-handled spoon 一把长柄匙
to handle stolen goods 买卖赃物

n. [U, C] 长时间的少雨或无雨的状态，即干旱、旱灾:
drought |[draʊt]
two years of severe drought 两年的严重旱灾 
one of the worst droughts on record 有记载以来最严重的旱灾之一 
Drought and famines have killed up to two million people here. 旱灾和饥荒夺去了这里200万人的生命。
He told a press conference that Spain was suffering one of the worst droughts of the century. 他在记者招待会上说西班牙正遭受着本世纪最严重的旱灾之一。
summer drought 夏季干旱 
A week of good rains has broken the drought. 一周的及时雨结束了旱灾。
Large areas of Africa are affected by severe drought. 非洲的大片区域受到严重干旱的影响。
plants that can withstand drought 耐旱植物 
drought conditions 旱情 
drought resistance 抗旱性 
crops that are chosen for their drought tolerance 因为耐旱性而入选的农作物 
Some of the newer plants in the garden died during the drought. 花园里一些较幼小的植物在干旱期间枯萎了。
in times of drought 在干旱时期           

a person who plays a drum or drums.:一个敲鼓的人。
a travelling sales representative:旅行销售代表
a deep-bodied marine fish with dark longitudinal stripes, found in shallow coastal waters of Australia.:一种具有深色纵向条纹的深海海鱼，发现于澳大利亚的近海浅水区。
a thief or burglar.:小偷或窃贼。
drummer |ˈdrʌmə| Noun/:鼓手,打鼓
a drummer in electronic software:电子软件鼓手

vt. 重新使用；重做:
vt.&vi.（使）生物复苏，恢复意识:
vt. 重新上演（戏剧、歌剧或芭蕾等）:
vt.&vi.（使）某事物复苏:
revive |[rɪˈvaɪv]
This quaint custom should be revived. 应该恢复这一独特的风俗。
Banks and businesses are quickly reviving business activities in China. 各家银行和公司正快速恢复其在中国的业务活动。
She has been trying to revive the debate over equal pay. 她一直在设法再次展开同工同酬的辩论。
an initiative aimed at reviving talks on the country's political future 旨在重新开始就该国政治前途进行会谈的倡议
The paramedics couldn't revive her. 护理人员无法使她苏醒。
She and a neighbour tried in vain to revive him. 她和邻居想尽一切办法都没能让他苏醒过来。
With a glazed stare she revived for one last instant. 她最后清醒了一会儿，眼神呆滞。
They revived him with cold water. 他们用冷水把他弄醒了。
Attempts to revive her failed and she was dead on arrival at the hospital. 种种抢救她的尝试都失败了，她送到医院时已经死亡。
The flowers soon revived in water. 这些花见了水很快就活过来了。
This 1930s musical is being revived at the National Theatre. 这部20世纪30年代的音乐剧正在国家剧院重新上演。
The Gaiety is reviving John B. Kean's comedy 'The Man from Clare'. 盖伊提剧院正在重新上演约翰·B. 基恩的喜剧《来自克莱尔的人》。
The economy is beginning to revive. 经济开始复苏。
an attempt to revive the British economy 试图复兴英国经济的努力 
The good harvest helped revive the economic fortunes of the country. 这次大丰收为该国重振经济发挥了作用。
attempts to revive falling sales 扭转销售额下降局面的尝试 
This movie is intended to revive her flagging career. 这部电影意在使她渐趋衰败的事业再现辉煌。
His trial revived memories of French suffering during the war. 他的受审重新勾起了在战争中受苦受难的法国人民的回忆。

adj. ~ (to sb/sth) 精神上脆弱的、易受伤害的:
adj. 1 ~ (to sb/sth) 身体或精神上脆弱的、易受伤害的、易患病的:
2 ~ (to sb/sth) 事物脆弱的:
adj. ~ (to sb/sth) 身体上脆弱的、易受伤害的、易患病的:
vulnerable |[ˈvʌlnərəbl]
emotionally, psychologically vulnerable 情感上脆弱；心理上脆弱 
She is very sensitive and rather vulnerable. 她非常敏感，而且相对脆弱。
He smiled, making her suddenly feel oddly vulnerable. 他微微一笑，让她突然感觉自己莫名其妙地脆弱起来。
You must try not to appear vulnerable. 你千万不要显得软弱好欺负。
She looked very vulnerable standing there on her own. 她独自站在那里，看上去弱不禁风。
In cases of food poisoning, young children are especially vulnerable. 遇到食物中毒，幼儿尤其容易受危害。
People with high blood pressure are especially vulnerable to diabetes. 有高血压的人尤其易患糖尿病。
The virus attacks the immune system, leaving your body vulnerable to infections. 这种病毒攻击人的免疫系统，使身体容易受到各种感染。
Plants that are growing vigorously are less likely to be vulnerable to disease. 生命力强的植物不容易得病。
Hippos are uniquely vulnerable to drought. 河马特别受不了干旱。
emotionally, psychologically vulnerable 情感上脆弱；心理上脆弱 
She is very sensitive and rather vulnerable. 她非常敏感，而且相对脆弱。
He smiled, making her suddenly feel oddly vulnerable. 他微微一笑，让她突然感觉自己莫名其妙地脆弱起来。
You must try not to appear vulnerable. 你千万不要显得软弱好欺负。
Old people are particularly vulnerable members of our society. 老年人是社会中尤为明显的弱势群体。
 These offices are highly vulnerable to terrorist attack. 这些办公室极易受到恐怖分子的袭击。
Their tanks would be vulnerable to attack from the air. 他们的坦克易受到空袭。
a table showing which cars are most vulnerable to theft. 易被盗车辆一览表 
economically, militarily, politically vulnerable 经济上脆弱；军事上脆弱；政治上脆弱 
The company is in an economically vulnerable position. 该公司目前经济状况不稳定。
The sudden resignation of the financial director put the company in a very vulnerable position. 财务部主任的突然辞职使得这家公司岌岌可危。          
She looked very vulnerable standing there on her own. 她独自站在那里，看上去弱不禁风。
In cases of food poisoning, young children are especially vulnerable. 遇到食物中毒，幼儿尤其容易受危害。
People with high blood pressure are especially vulnerable to diabetes. 有高血压的人尤其易患糖尿病。
The virus attacks the immune system, leaving your body vulnerable to infections. 这种病毒攻击人的免疫系统，使身体容易受到各种感染。
Plants that are growing vigorously are less likely to be vulnerable to disease. 生命力强的植物不容易得病。
Hippos are uniquely vulnerable to drought. 河马特别受不了干旱。
Old people are particularly vulnerable members of our society. 老年人是社会中尤为明显的弱势群体。

n. [C] 某事物上的小的脏点，污迹，污渍:
n. [C]（竞争或赛事中的）一个位置排名:
n. 1 [usually sing.] [英，非正式] spot of sth 少量，一点，相当于bit:
2 [usually pl.] spot (of sth) 少量液体:
vt. 看见或注意到一个人或事物（尤指突然发现，或在不容易看见的时候而看见或注意到）:
n. [C]（电视、广播中或俱乐部、剧院演出中）某演员的固定节目，或某类节目的固定栏目:
n. [C] [非正式] 聚光灯，其通常用词为spotlight:
n. [C] 某事物表面上的斑点（常为小的圆形有色区域，可以是颜色与周围不同的斑点，也可以是其他感觉上与周围不同的斑点）:
n. 1 [C] 某一地区或地点:
2 [C] 事物上的部位，如身体部位:
n. [C] 身体部位:
n. [usually pl.] 人皮肤上的小斑或肿块，有时带有黄色脓尖（如粉刺、疱疹、脓疱等）:
n. [C]（竞争或赛事中的）一个位置排名:
vt. [美] 在体育运动中对对手（或其他运动队）让步:
adj. 只用于名词前，商业中可指交付货物后立即支付款项的，即现货交易的:
spot |[spɒt]
His jacket was covered with spots of mud. 他的夹克满是泥点。
rust spots 锈斑
The album quickly reached the number-one spot in the charts. 该专辑迅速蹿升至排行榜第一名。
the second spot 第二名 
final spot 最终排名 
The Korean team secured two qualifying spots for the Olympic Games. 朝鲜队获得了奥运会的两个参赛资格。
She has earned a spot on the national team. 她成功进入国家队。
He’s in a spot of trouble. 他遇到一点麻烦。
I felt a few spots of rain. 我感觉掉雨点儿了。
I finally spotted my friend in the crowd. 我终于在人群中看见了我的朋友。
Can you spot the difference between these two pictures? 你能不能看出这两幅画有什么不同？
He failed to spot the error. 他没能发现这个错误。
He got a spot on a CNN show. 他在CNN得到了一个固定节目档。
radio, TV spot 广播固定栏目；电视固定栏目 
guest spot 嘉宾节目 
solo spot 单人表演 
promotional spot 宣传栏目
Which has spots, the leopard or the tiger? 有斑点的是豹还是虎？
She was wearing a black skirt with white spots.（英）她穿着一条黑底白点的裙子。
a tourist spot 旅游景点 
to find the right spot to pitch your tent 找一个合适的地方搭帐篷 
a beautiful spot to relax 放松的好去处 
picnic spot 野餐去处 
parking spot 停车场 
a trouble spot 不安定的地方 
a spot on the map 地图上的一个地方 
The police were on the spot within minutes. 警察几分钟内赶到了现场。
an accident black spot（英）交通事故频发地段 
tight, tough spot（比喻用法）身处困境 
sensitive spot（常为比喻用法）（身体、脾气等的）敏感部位；痛处 
He usually wears a hat to hide his bald spot. 他总是戴着帽子遮住头上光秃秃的地方。
Check your house for weak spots where a thief could get in. 检查一下你的房子，看是否有什么地方盗贼能轻易闯入。
I have a blind spot where jazz is concerned. 我对爵士乐一窍不通。
sore, tender spot 痛处 
He usually wears a hat to hide his bald spot. 他总是戴着帽子遮住头上光秃秃的地方。
sensitive spot（常为比喻用法）敏感部位（或痛处）
teenagers worried about their spots（英）为长粉刺而烦恼的青少年 
His body was covered in small red spots. 他曾浑身长满小红疙瘩。
beauty spot 美人痣 
liver spot 雀斑
The Korean team secured two qualifying spots for the Olympic Games. 朝鲜队获得了奥运会的两个参赛资格。
She has earned a spot on the national team. 她成功进入国家队。
We spotted the opposing team two goals. 我们让对手两个球。
spot prices 现货价格

vt. [常贬] 隐瞒（消息）:
vt. 抑制、忍住（自己的感情）:
vt. 压制、阻止、抑制（某事生长、发展或继续），尤指制止，阻止，抑制（身体的功能或反应）:
vt. 压制，抑制，阻止（进程或活动）:
vt. [常贬] 封锁（消息）:
vt. [常贬]（政府、统治者等）镇压、武力平息（叛乱者或叛乱活动）:
suppress |[səˈpres]
At no time did they try to persuade me to suppress the information. 他们从没有试图劝我隐瞒这个消息。
The wrong criminal is in the dock either because a genuine mistake has been made or because evidence has been suppressed. 冤案错案的出现，要么是因为确实弄错了，要么是因为证据被隐瞒。
The police were accused of suppressing vital evidence. 警方被指隐瞒关键证据。
He could no longer suppress his anger. 他再也按捺不住自己的怒火。
Liz thought of Barry and suppressed a smile. 莉兹想起了巴里，忍住没笑。
Nicole could barely suppress her laughter. 妮科尔几乎忍不住要笑出声来。
She was unable to suppress a giggle. 她忍不住咯咯地笑了起来。
The Professor said that deep sleep allowed suppressed anxieties to surface. 教授说深度睡眠可以使压抑的焦虑情绪得以释放。
He could hardly suppress his surprise. 他几乎抑制不住自己的惊奇。
The disloyal thought was instantly suppressed. 这个不忠的念头立刻就被压了下去。
drugs that suppress the appetite 抑制食欲的药 
The reproduction and growth of the cancerous cells can be suppressed by bombarding them with radiation. 可以通过放疗杀死癌细胞来抑制其再生和扩散。
the strongest evidence so far that ultraviolet light can suppress human immune responses 迄今为止可证明紫外线能抑制人体免疫反应的最有力证据 
The medication effectively suppressed the pain.药物有效地抑制了疼痛。
'The Government is suppressing inflation by devastating the economy,' he said. 他说，“政府正在通过破坏经济来抑制通货膨胀。” 
Lawyers said today's ruling would lead to higher prices and would suppress innovation of new products. 律师们称今天的裁决将会抬升价格，并抑制新产品的创新。
This information had been deliberately suppressed. 这条信息被故意封锁了。
The rebellion was brutally suppressed. 起义遭到了残酷的镇压。
A pro-democracy uprising was brutally suppressed.一场争取民主的起义被残酷镇压了。
They often use violence to suppress opposition. 他们经常使用暴力镇压反抗。
drug traffickers, who continue to flourish despite international attempts to suppress them 在国际社会强力打击下活动依然猖獗的贩毒分子 
nationwide demonstrations for democracy, suppressed after 7 weeks by the army 在进行7周后遭到军队镇压的全国性民主示威活动

vt. 贬低或轻视某人或某事物:
vt.&vi.（使）…减少:
vt.&vi.（使）减弱等:
diminish |[dɪˈmɪnɪʃ]
I don't wish to diminish the importance of their contribution. 我并不想贬低他们所作贡献的重要性。
He never put her down or diminished her. 他从未奚落或贬低过她。
He could no longer cope; he relied on me, and felt diminished by it. 他再也无法承受，他依赖我，却因此觉得是受了轻贱。
to diminish proportion, to diminish in size 减小比例；减小尺寸 
number diminish 数字减低 
The world's resources are rapidly diminishing. 世界资源正在迅速减少。
Our efforts were producing diminishing returns (= we achieved less although we spent more time or money). 我们不断投入，收益却在递减。
A stable currency means that your savings do not diminish in value. 稳定的货币意味着你的存款不会贬值。           
to diminish importance, to diminish impact, to diminish usefulness, to diminish prospect, to diminish reputation, to diminish stature 减弱重要性；减弱影响力；减弱实用性；减弱前景；减弱声誉；减弱声望 
hysteria diminish, likelihood diminish 歇斯底里减弱；相似性减弱 
His influence has diminished with time. 随着时间的推移，他的影响已不如从前了。
The threat of nuclear war has diminished. 核战争的威胁已经减弱了。
Federalism is intended to diminish the power of the central state. 联邦制旨在削弱中央政府的权力。          

restore friendly relations between:恢复友好关系
settle (a quarrel):settle（争吵）
make or show to be compatible:make或show兼容
make someone accept (a disagreeable or unwelcome thing):makesomeoneaccept（令人不快或不受欢迎的事情）
make (one account) consistent with another, especially by allowing for transactions begun but not yet completed:使（一个帐户）与另一个帐户保持一致，尤其是允许交易开始但尚未完成
reconcile |ˈrɛk(ə)nsʌɪl| Verb/:调和,和解
the king and the archbishop were publicly reconciled:国王和大主教公开和解
advice on how to reconcile the conflict:关于如何调和冲突的建议
the agreement had to be reconciled with the city's new international relations policy:该协议必须与该市新的国际关系政策相协调
he was reconciled to leaving:他甘心离开
it is not necessary to reconcile the cost accounts to the financial accounts:没有必要将成本账户与财务账户进行核对

adj. 1 模仿自然物来进行制作或生产的；不是真的。即人造的，人工的；假的:
2 由人创造出来的，非自然发生的:
adj. 实际与表象不符的，如虚假的，假装的，相当于fake:
artificial |[͵ɑːtɪ'fɪʃl]
artificial limb, artificial flower, artificial sweetener, artificial fertilizer 假肢；假花；人造甜味剂；化肥 
artificial lighting, artificial light 人工照明；人造光 
A job interview is a very artificial situation. 求职面试是一个非常不自然的场面。
the artificial barriers of class 人为设定的阶级障碍
artificial emotion 假装的情感

adj. 身体健壮的。尤指由于锻炼身体而使身体健壮的:
adj. 与运动员或田径相关的，即运动的，田径运动的，运动员的:
athletic |[æθ'letɪk]
an athletic figure 健壮的体形 
an athletic build 健壮的体格 
an athletic girl 健美的女孩
athletic ability 运动才能 
an athletic club 运动员俱乐部 
an athletic coach 体育教练

tending to deal with situations in an aggressive way, hostile or argumentative:倾向于以攻击性、敌对或争论的方式处理情况
confrontational |ˌkɒnfrʌnˈteɪʃən(ə)l| Adjective/:对抗性的,对立的
he distanced himself from the confrontational approach adopted by his predecessor:he与他的前任采取的对抗方式保持距离

n. [C] 编织中的针行:
n. 1 [C] row (of sb/sth) 排成一条线的人或物体，即一排、一行、一列。是一个常规用词:
2 [C] 电影院、剧院等的一排座位:
n. [usually sing.] 划船；或划船所花的时间。是此义的常规用词:
vt.＆vi. 用桨划船:
vt.（用桨划船）送某人到某地:
n. [C] 用于某些道路名称:
row |[rəʊ]
a row of cottages 一排村舍 
The children stood in a row. 孩子们站成了一排。
She arranged the chairs in two neat rows. 她把椅子排成整齐的两排。
We have seats in the front row. 我们的座位在前排。
It rained for five days in a row (= without a break).（比喻用法）雨一连下了五天。
to sit in the back row 坐最后一排 
three rows of the front 前面三排
to go for a row on the river 去河上划船 
to row the boat 划船 
I rowed back. 我划船回去了。
I rowed him back to the bank. 我划船把他送回到岸上。
xx Row xx路

vt. 找到正确方法（应对困难或复杂的情况）:
vt.&vi. [计算机]（在互联网或某个网站上）导航:
vt. 小心翼翼地绕过障碍:
vt. 在水上航行、航海、横渡:
vt.&vi.（例如用地图）引路:
vt.&vi.（例如用地图）确定（自己、船、飞机、汽车等的）位置和方向:
vt.（鱼、动物或昆虫）找到正确的移动方向:
navigate |[ˈnævɪgeɪt]
We next had to navigate a complex network of committees. 我们下一步必须设法使各级委员会予以通过。
During childhood each of us has to navigate a pathway through a series of developmental stages. 我们每个人在童年时都要经历和应对不同的成长阶段。
This outlook helped her to navigate through her later years with success. 这种观念帮她安度了晚年。
She managed to successfully navigate the complex world of corporate finance. 她设法成功地驾驭了公司错综复杂的财务状况。
Customers will be able to navigate easily throughout the site. 顾客将能够轻松查阅网站信息。
Browsers are used to navigate through the Web. 浏览器是用于网上浏览的。
He was not able to walk without a cane and could only navigate steps backwards. 没有手杖他无法走路，只能小心翼翼地向后退。
In the corridors he let her navigate her own way round the trolleys and other obstacles. 在通道里，他让她自己小心地绕过小推车和其他障碍物。
The river became too narrow and shallow to navigate. 河道变得又窄又浅，无法航行。
a lock system to allow sea-going craft to navigate the upper reaches of the river 使海轮可以进入河流上游地区航行的河闸控制系统 
Such boats can navigate on the Nile. 这种船可以在尼罗河上航行。
Only the best-trained captains could safely navigate these routes. 只有最为训练有素的船长才能在这些路线上安全地航行。
Every day the ship carefully navigated through the channels of blue icebergs. 这艘船每天小心翼翼地穿行于蓝色冰山之间的水道。
He successfully navigated the river to the Persian Gulf. 他成功地经由这条河航行到达波斯湾。
I'll drive, and you can navigate. 我开车，你引路。
to navigate by the stars 根据星辰确定航向 
Captain Cook safely navigated his ship without accident for 100 voyages. 库克船长驾驶的船安全出航100次无事故。
The purpose of the visit was to navigate into an ice-filled fiord. 这次出行是为了能驶入冰雪覆盖的峡湾。
I'll drive, and you can navigate. 我开车，你引路。
When travelling on fast roads at night it is impossible to drive and navigate at the same time. 晚上在高速路上行驶时根本做不到边开车边找路。
the relief at successfully navigating across the Golden Gate Bridge to arrive here 驾车成功驶过金门桥抵达这里后的轻松 
She became expert in driving and navigating across the desert. 她成了驱车穿越沙漠的高手。
strategies to navigate your way through the forest 穿越森林的策略 
In tests, the bees navigate back home after being placed in a field a mile away. 在多次试验中，放置于一英里以外田野中的蜜蜂都能飞回蜂巢。
These birds navigate by the sun. 这些鸟靠太阳确定方向。

n. 1 [U, C, usually sing.] 突然产生的一阵巨大且难以抑制的恐惧（使人难以清晰地思考），可称为惊恐或恐慌。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
2 [C] 人心惶恐不安的一种局面（在该局面中人们担忧焦虑、不经仔细思考就匆匆行动）:
vt.＆vi. 惊慌失措（以致说些蠢话、做些蠢事或危险的事等）；使某人惊慌失措:
panic |['pænɪk]
a panic decision 慌乱中做出的决定 
panic reaction, panic symptoms 恐慌反应；恐慌症状 
a look of panic 惊恐的神色 
She went into a blind panic when she couldn’t find the exit. 她找不到出口，陷入了莫名的恐慌之中。
News of the losses caused (a) panic among investors. 亏损的消息令投资者人心惶惶。
a last-minute panic 事到临头手忙脚乱 
panic buying, panic selling 恐慌购买；恐慌抛售 
panic about food contamination 对食物污染的恐慌 
public panic 公众的恐慌 
financial panic 金融恐慌 
They fled in panic as the fire took hold. 火势起来时，他们惊慌逃出。
panic button 紧急按钮
I panicked when I saw smoke coming out of the engine. 我看见发动机冒烟时，吓得手足无措。
The gunfire panicked the horses. 枪声惊到了马匹。       

adj. 1 ~ (to/towards sb/sth) 敌意的、敌对的:
2 [商业]（收购公司等的要约）不受（被购公司）欢迎的，即敌意的:
adj. ~ (to sth) 对某事强烈反对的:
adj. 属于敌军的:
adj.（情况、形势等）（对某事的发生或达成）有阻碍的、不利的:
hostile |[ˈhɒstaɪl;美ˈhɑ:stl;-taɪl]
The speaker got a hostile reception from the audience. 演讲人遭到了听众喝倒彩。
The audience gave him a downright hostile reception. 观众对他表现出了强烈的反感。
She was openly hostile towards her parents. 她公然对抗她的父母。
He was extremely hostile towards/toward her. 他偏要跟她过不去。
The West has gradually relaxed its hostile attitude to this influential state. 西方对这个颇具影响力的国家的敌视态度已逐渐缓和。
Drinking may make a person feel relaxed and happy, or it may make her hostile, violent, or depressed. 喝酒可能让人感到放松和愉快，也可能让人变得不友善、暴力或阴郁。
The prisoner eyed him in hostile silence. 犯人一言不发，用充满敌意的目光打量着他。
The experience has made him generally hostile to women. 这段经历使他对所有女性都产生了敌意。
They were reluctant to take any step that might be regarded as hostile. 他们不愿意采取任何可能被视为怀有敌意的行动。
a hostile takeover bid 出价敌意收购 
Kingfisher launched a hostile bid for Dixons. 翠丰集团对迪克森公司展开了恶意竞购。
hostile to the idea of change 强烈反对变革 
Many people were openly hostile to the idea. 很多人公开反对这一想法。
Many people felt he would be hostile to the idea of foreign intervention. 很多人觉得他会反对外国干预的主意。
He was deeply hostile to the idea of psychotherapy. 他非常反对心理治疗。
The press became uniformly hostile to the new administration. 新闻界开始一致反对新一届政府。
hostile territory 敌方领土 
The city is encircled by a hostile army. 该市被敌军包围了。
hostile conditions for plants to grow in 不利于植物生长的环境 
some of the most hostile climatic conditions in the world 世界上最恶劣的几种气候条件 
If this round of talks fails, the world's trading environment is likely to become increasingly hostile. 如果这一轮谈判破裂了，世界贸易环境可能会变得越来越糟糕。

vt. ~ sb/yourself (with sth) 对不悦或失望的人给予安慰或同情，即安慰、抚慰:
n. [C]（机器、电子设备等的）控制台、操纵台、仪表板:
n. [C]（机器、电子设备等的）控制台、操纵台、仪表板:
console |[kənˈsəʊl;美-ˈsoʊl][ˈkɒnsəʊl;美ˈkɑ:nsoʊl]
Nothing could console him when his wife died. 他妻子去世后，什么事情也不能使他感到宽慰。
She put a consoling arm around his shoulders. 她搂住他肩膀以示安慰。
Console yourself with the thought that you did your best. 你可以安慰自己的是你已经尽了最大的努力。
I didn't like lying but I consoled myself that it was for a good cause. 我不愿意撒谎，但我安慰自己那是出于好意。
‘Never mind, ’ Anne consoled her. “没关系。”安妮安慰她说。
'Never mind, Ned,' he consoled me. “没关系，内德。”他安慰我说。
Often they cry, and I have to play the role of a mother, consoling them. 经常他们一哭，我就要充当母亲的角色抚慰他们。
