endanger						危害，危及
prospect						希望，景色，潜在客户，勘探
discern						分辨出，觉察到
judicial						司法的，公正明断的
impair							削弱，降低，损害
motel							汽车旅馆
signal							信号，标志，传达，表明
therapy						治疗
diverse						多种多样的
conserve						节省，储存，保护
adaptation						适应，改编
resist							抵抗，拒受...的诱惑
convince						说服
burden							重负，要旨，烦扰
payroll						工资名单
unify						统一
hasten							赶紧，催促
intertwine						使缠绕在一起
accommodate						容纳，关照
accommodate oneself				使自己适应某事物
prescribe						嘱咐，规定
construction						建造，装配，构思，解释
endure							忍耐，持续
election						选举，选择
call an election					举行选举
jury							陪审团，评委会
glory							光荣，杰出，美丽
sew							缝
sector							行业，部分，扇形
hazardous						危险的，有害的
deprive						剥夺
generous						慷慨的，丰厚的
\\\\\\\\

vt. 使…处于危险之中:
endanger |[ɪnˈdeɪndʒə(r)]
Taking these drugs could seriously health your health. 服用这些药可能严重危害你的健康。
The health of our children is being endangered by exhaust fumes. 我们孩子们的健康正受到排放出的废气的损害。
That one mistake seriously endangered the future of the company. 那一个失误就严重地危及了公司的未来。
They are accused of causing an explosion likely to endanger life. 他们被控引发了一起可能危及生命的爆炸事件。
The debate could endanger the proposed peace talks. 这一争论可能会危及提议进行的和平谈判。
endangered species such as lynx and wolf 猞猁、狼等濒危物种 
The sea turtle is an endangered species (= it may soon no longer exist). 海龟是濒危物种。
14%6 of primate species are highly endangered. 14% 的灵长类物种处于高度濒危状态。

n. [C] ~ (for sth) 竞赛中的有望获胜者:
vi. ~ (for sth) 在一片区域内寻找黄金、矿物、石油等:
n. [C] [正式] 一片土地等的一个开阔景色:
n. 1 [sing.] ~ (of sth/of doing sth) 前景、展望、设想:
They now face the prospect of having to wear a cycling helmet by law. 他们现在面临的情形是:
2 [pl.] prospects (for/of sth) 成功的前景:
n. [pl.] prospects (for/of sth) 成功的机会:
~ (that…)（某事将要发生的）可能性:
prospect |[ˈprɒspekt;美ˈprɑ:s-]
She is one of Canada's best prospects for a gold medal. 她是加拿大最有希望夺金的选手之一。
a list of the hot new prospects on the literary scene 文坛上一连串炙手可热的新秀
Thousands moved to the area to prospect for gold. 数以千计的人涌入那个地区淘金。
He had prospected for minerals everywhere from the Gobi Desert to the Transvaal. 他已在从戈壁沙漠到德兰士瓦的无数地方勘探过矿藏。
In fact, the oil companies are already prospecting not far from here. 事实上，石油公司已经在离此不远处进行勘探。
to prospect for new clients（比喻用法）寻找新客户
a delightful prospect of the lake 令人心旷神怡的湖上风光
an exciting prospect 令人兴奋的前景 
I don't relish the prospect of having to share an office. 一想到将来要和别人共用一间办公室我就感到不快。
Travelling alone around the world is a daunting prospect. 想象着将要只身走遍世界颇令人心悸。
The prospect of becoming a father filled him with alarm. 一想到将为人父他就满怀忧思。
After supper he'd put his feet up and read. It was a pleasant prospect. 晚饭后，他会架起脚来看书。想起来就让人愉快。
future, long-term prospects前程；远景 
development, economic, growth prospects发展前景；经济前景；增长前景 
career, employment, job prospects职业前景；就业前景；工作前途 
survival prospects生存前景 
Their prospects of employment look better than last year. 他们的就业前景看起来好于去年。
At 25 he was an unemployed musician with no prospects. 25岁的他是个没有工作、前途渺茫的乐师。
Long-term prospects for the economy have improved. 长期的经济前景已有所改善。
I chose to work abroad to improve my career prospects. 我选择出国工作以求在事业上有更好的发展。
a detailed review of the company's prospects 对该公司前景的详细考查
promotion prospects（尤英）（美式通常用prospects for promotion）晋升机会 
election, electoral, re-election prospect 获选的机会；重新当选的机会 
This position offers excellent promotion prospects. 这一职位有极好的晋升机会。
Getting the right qualifications will enhance your employment prospects. 取得一些适当的资格证明将大大提高你的就业机会。
What are the prospects of promotion in this job? 做这份工作有多少晋升的机会？
There is no immediate prospect of peace. 短期内没有和平的可能。
A place in the semi-finals is in prospect (= likely to happen). 可望争得半决赛权。
There's a reasonable prospect that his debts will be paid. 有理由相信他会偿还债务的。
Unfortunately, there is little prospect of seeing these big questions answered. 不幸的是，几乎不可能看到这些重大问题得到回复。
The prospects for peace in the country's eight-year civil war are becoming brighter. 该国经历八年内战之后重归和平的前景正逐渐变得光明。
Major developments are in prospect for the company. 公司可望有大的发展。
There is little prospect of any improvement in the weather. 天气几乎没有好转的可能。           

vt. [正式]（不用于进行时）觉察出；识别出；了解某事物（尤指觉察出、识别出或了解不明显的事物）:
vt. [正式]（不用于进行时）依稀看到或听到（但不是很清楚），如分辨出:
vt. [正式]（不用于进行时）觉察出（尤指觉察出不明显的事物）:
vt. [正式]（不用于进行时）了解（尤指了解不明显的事物）:
discern |[dɪˈsɜ:n;美-ˈsɜ:rn]
It is possible to discern a number of different techniques in her work. 从她的作品中可以识别出许多不同的创作手法。
You need a long series of data to be able to discern such a trend. 你需要一长串的数据才能看出这一趋势。
It was hard to discern why this was happening. 很难弄清楚这为什么会发生。
He discerned a certain coldness in their welcome. 他觉察到他们的欢迎有点冷淡。
It is often difficult to discern how widespread public support is. 了解公众支持的广泛程度常常是困难的。
We could just discern the house in the distance. 我们只能勉强分辨出远处的房子。
Below the bridge we could just discern a narrow, weedy ditch. 我们仅能依稀辨出桥下一条杂草丛生的窄沟。
She could clearly discern a figure walking up to the house.她可以清楚地看见一个人影正走近那幢房子。
He discerned a certain coldness in their welcome. 他觉察到他们的欢迎有点冷淡。
It is often difficult to discern how widespread public support is. 了解公众支持的广泛程度常常是困难的。

judicially 司法地; 审判地
Judicial means relating to the legal system and to judgments made in a court of law. 司法的; 审判的
judicial |英 [dʒuː'dɪʃ(ə)l]  美 [dʒʊ'dɪʃəl]| adj. 公正的，明断的；法庭的；审判上的/
Even if the amendment is passed it can be defeated judicially.即使这项修正案获得了通过，它也有可能通过司法程序被否决。
...efforts to manipulate the judicial process.…操纵审判程序的努力。
...an independent judicial system.…一个独立的司法体系。


vt. [正式] 损害或削弱某事物（如削弱能力或运转方式）:
vt. [正式] 削弱某事物（如削弱能力或运转方式）:
impair |[ɪmˈpeə(r);美ɪmˈper]
a defect that significantly impairs the safety of a car 严重削弱车辆安全性能的一个缺陷 
Her sight is badly impaired. 她的视力严重受损。
the problems faced by people who are hearing impaired 听觉受损的人们所面临的问题 
Her liver function was severely impaired. 她的肝功能严重受损。
factors which directly impair memory 直接引起记忆力受损的因素 
Consumption of alcohol impairs your ability to drive a car or operate machinery. 饮酒会削弱你驾驶汽车或操控机器的能力。
His movements were painfully impaired by arthritis. 他行动不便，深受关节炎之苦。
a defect that significantly impairs the safety of a car 严重削弱车辆安全性能的一个缺陷 
Her sight is badly impaired. 她的视力严重受损。
factors which directly impair memory 直接引起记忆力受损的因素 
Consumption of alcohol impairs your ability to drive a car or operate machinery. 饮酒会削弱你驾驶汽车或操控机器的能力。

n. [C] 供驾车旅行的人居住和停车的旅馆，即汽车旅馆:
motel |[məʊˈtel;美moʊ-]
cheap motel 廉价的汽车旅馆 
seedy motel 又脏又乱的汽车旅馆 
small motel 小型汽车旅馆 
motel room 汽车旅馆房间 
motel owner 汽车旅馆老板 
We spent a night at a motel on the way. 路上我们在一个汽车旅馆过了一夜。

vt. 成为（…存在或某事极有可能发生的）标志，即预示，相当于indicate。二者未见明显差别:
n. [C] 作为…的存在或发生之标志的一次事件、行动或一个事实，也可叫做标志，信号，相当于indication:
vt. 做某事以表达自己的感情或观点:
n. [C]（例如向收音机或电视机）传输声音、图像或消息等的一系列电波，即信号:
n. [C]（向某人或某事物传递信息、指令、警告等所用的）信号，暗号，类似于sign:
vt.＆vi. signal (to sb) 向某人发信号（如做出某种动作或发出某种声音）来传达消息、命令等:
n. [C]（尤指铁路和公路上的）指示灯，信号灯，红绿灯:
adj. [正式] 只作前置定语，重要的，重大的:
signal |['sɪɡnəl]
This announcement signalled a clear change of policy. 这则声明预示政策有明显的改变。
The scandal surely signals the end of his political career. 毫无疑问，这桩丑闻预示他的政治生涯就此结束。
A fall in demand does not necessarily signal the death of the industry. 需求的减少并不一定意味着该行业走向穷途末路。
The rise in inflation is a clear signal that the government’s policies are not working. 通货膨胀率的上升清楚地表明，政府的政策不起作用。
Chest pains can be a warning signal of heart problems. 胸部疼痛可能是心脏病的报警信号。
Reducing prison sentences would send the wrong signals to criminals. 减刑会向犯罪分子发出错误的信号。
He signalled his discontent by refusing to vote. 他拒绝投票以示不满。
She has signalled (that) she is willing to stand as a candidate. 她表示愿意作为候选人参加竞选。
audio, digital, electrical, light, radar, satellite, television signal 音频信号；数字信号；电信号；光信号；雷达信号；卫星信号；电视信号 
signal strength 信号强度
They fired three distress signals. 他们发射了三次遇难求救信号。
prearranged signal事先约定的信号 
alarm, danger signal 报警信号；危险信号 
hand, smoke signal 手势；烟雾信号 
The insect’s yellow spots act as a warning signal to its predators. 昆虫身上的黄点是向其天敌发出的警告信号。
She made a signal for the car to stop. 她打了个手势，让汽车停下了。
Don’t fire until I signal. 等我发出信号后再开枪。
Did you signal before you turned right? 右转弯前你示意了吗？
She tried to signal to the bus driver to stop. 她试图打手势让公共汽车司机停车。
The referee signalled a foul. 裁判鸣哨示意犯规。
He signalled to the waiter for the bill. 他示意服务员结账。
She signalled (that) it was time to leave. 她示意该走了。
The traffic signals were on red. 交通信号灯亮着红灯。
a stop signal 停车信号 
signal failure（英）信号灯故障 
railroad（美）, railway（英）signal 铁路信号灯
a signal honour 极大的荣誉

n. 1 [U, C]（针对某人特定病情的）治疗方案、治疗方法:
2 [U] 心理治疗。相当于psychotherapy:
therapy |[ˈθerəpi]
conventional drug therapy 常规药物疗法 
Most leukaemia patients undergo some sort of drug therapy (= treatment using drugs). 绝大多数白血病患者都会接受某种药物治疗。
alternative, complementary, natural therapies (= treatments that do not use traditional drugs) 替代疗法；补充疗法；自然疗法 
hormonal therapies 激素疗法 
a therapy group 心理治疗小组 
She's in therapy. 她在接受心理治疗。
In therapy, she began to let go of her obsession with Mike. 在接受治疗的过程中，她开始逐渐从对迈克的迷恋中解脱出来。
He is having therapy to conquer his phobia. 他在接受治疗以克服自己的恐惧症。

adj. 彼此之间十分不同且多种多样的:
diverse |[daɪ'və:s]
people from diverse cultures 不同文化背景的人 
My interests are very diverse. 我的兴趣非常广泛。
economically, religiously, socially diverse 经济多元化；宗教多元化；社会多元化 
an ethnically diverse population 多民族的人口 
biologically diverse 生物多样化

protect (something, especially something of environmental or cultural importance) from harm or destruction:protect（某物，尤其是具有环境或文化重要性的东西）免受伤害或破坏
prevent the wasteful overuse of (a resource):防止对（资源）的浪费性过度使用
maintain (a quantity such as energy) at a constant overall total:maintain（一个量，如能量）在一个恒定的总和
retain (a particular amino acid, nucleotide, or sequence of these) unchanged in different protein or DNA molecules:retain（特定的氨基酸、核苷酸或它们的序列）在不同的蛋白质或DNA分子中保持不变
preserve (fruit) with sugar.:preserve（水果）加糖。
a preparation made by preserving fruit with sugar; jam or marmalade:用糖保存水果制成的制剂；果酱或果酱
conserve |kənˈsəːv| Noun/Verb/:养护,保存
the funds raised will help conserve endangered meadowlands:筹集的资金将有助于保护濒临灭绝的草地
industry should conserve more water:industry应该节约更多的水
the momentum of a system is conserved unless an external force acts on it:除非有外力作用，否则系统的动量守恒
the adjacent sequence is conserved over large evolutionary distances:相邻序列在大进化距离上是保守的
pork tenderloin with onion and raisin conserve:猪肉里脊配洋葱和葡萄干保存

n. [U] 适应:
n. [C] 一部作品的改编本（如由文学作品改编成的电影、图书或戏剧）。其词义已为version所涵盖。因此在很多情况下，adaptation可以换成version。（但是version并不是所有情况下都可换成adaptation，因为version可表示各种事物的变体，而非仅限于文学作品的变体）:
adaptation |[͵ædæp'teɪʃn]
the adaptation of desert species to the hot conditions 沙漠物种对炎热环境的适应 
plans for making adaptations to your home 改造居所的计划 
adaptation to the workplace 对工作场所的适应 
adaptation to a new school 适应新学校
cinematic, stage, TV adaptation 改编的电影；改编的戏剧；改编的电视节目 
a screen adaptation of Shakespeare’s ‘Henry the Fifth’ 莎士比亚悲剧《亨利五世》的屏幕改编本 
faithful adaptation 忠实于原作的改编

vt.＆vi. 1 拒绝接受某事且尝试阻止其发生，如抵制，阻挡，相当于oppose:
2（遭到攻击时）反击，反抗；用力气去阻止某事发生（如抵抗）:
vt.＆vi. 通常用于否定句，阻止自己去拥有自己非常喜欢的东西（或阻止自己去做自己非常想要去做的事），即忍住，抵挡诱惑:
vt. 使不受某事物的伤害:
resist |[rɪ'zɪst]
to resist pressure 顶住压力 
The bank strongly resisted cutting interest rates. 银行强烈反对降低利率。
People naturally resist change. 人生来就抗拒变化。
He tried to pin me down, but I resisted. 他试图制伏我，但我奋力反抗。
to resist arrest 拒捕
I finished the cake. I couldn’t resist it. 我忍不住把整块蛋糕都吃了。
She could hardly resist the urge to turn and run. 她几乎抑制不住转身跑掉的冲动。
He couldn’t resist showing off his new car. 他忍不住炫耀起了他的新车。
She was powerless to resist the attraction that she felt to him. 她无力抗拒他对她的吸引。
A healthy diet should help your body resist infection. 健康饮食有助于身体抵抗感染。
This new paint is designed to resist heat. 这种新油漆具有耐热性。

vt. 劝说（或说服）某人去做某事。不太常用:
vt. convince sb/yourself (of sth) 使某人（或自己）相信某事是真的:
convince |[kən'vɪns]
I’ve been trying to convince him to see a doctor. 我一直劝他去看病。
I’d convinced myself (that) I was right. 我确信自己是正确的。

a burden (on/to sb)（困难、艰巨、沉重、惹人忧虑的）职责、责任等，可称为重担或负担:
vt. burden sb/yourself (with sth) 使某人担负起沉重艰巨的职责、责任等:
n. [C] [正式] 难以携带的重担，即重负:
vt. be burdened with sth可表示携带着重物:
burden |['bə:dn]
debt, economic, emotional burden 债务负担；经济负担；感情负担 
to shoulder the burden of childcare 担负起照顾孩子的重担 
He was beginning to feel a burden to his family. 他开始觉得自己对家人是个累赘。
She carried a huge burden of guilt for what she had done. 她对自己的所作所为深感内疚。
the burden of proof（法律用语）举证责任
They have burdened themselves with a high mortgage. 他们负担了一笔很高的按揭借款。
I don’t want to burden you with my worries. 我不想让你为我的烦恼操心。
The women carried their burdens on their backs. 那些女人背负重物。
to pick up burden 拿起重物 
beast of burden 役畜 
She burdened with two heavy suitcases. 她提着两只沉重的手提箱。

The people on the payroll of a company or an organization are the people who work for it and are paid by it. 在职人员工薪名册
payroll |英 ['peɪrəʊl]  美 ['perol]| n. 工资单；在册职工人数；工资名单/
They had 87,000 employees on the payroll.他们有87000人在在职人员工薪名册上。


unified 统一的
If someone unifies different things or parts, or if the things or parts unify, they are brought together to form one thing. 使成一体; 成为一体
unify |英 ['juːnɪfaɪ]  美 ['junɪfaɪ]| vt. 统一；使相同，使一致/
...a unified system of taxation.…统一的税制。
...constitutional reforms designed to unify the country.…旨在统一国家的宪法改革。
He pledged to unify the city's political factions.他保证要统一全市的政治小集团。


vt. [正式] 使某事（常指不愉快的事）发生得更快:
vi. [文学] 快速赶往某地:
vi. 急忙说或做某事（而不拖延）:
hasten |[ˈheɪsn]
The treatment she received may, in fact, have hastened her death. 实际上，她所接受的治疗可能加快了她的死亡。
News of the scandal certainly hastened his departure from office. 这一丑闻肯定加速了他的离任。
But if he does this, he may hasten the collapse of his own country. 但是如果他这样做，就有可能加速自己国家的崩溃。
One of them, the first to alight, hastened with quicksilver steps towards me. 他们中第一个下来的人急急忙忙地快步向我走来。
She saw his frown and hastened to explain. 看到他皱起眉头，她赶紧解释。
'There's no threat in this, Freddie,' he hastened to say. “这不会有什么危险的，弗雷迪，” 他急忙补充了一句。
He has been described as a ‘charmless bore ’─not by me, I hasten to add. 他被说成是“无聊的啰唆鬼”——不是我说的，我赶忙加了一句。
She more than anyone had hastened to sign the contract. 她比谁都急着去签了合同。                    

vt.&vi. [常用被动式] 与某人或某事物紧密相联:
vt.&vi. [常用被动式]（使）两个或多个事物缠绕在一起，以致难以分开:
intertwine |[ˌɪntəˈtwaɪn;美-tərˈtw-]
Their political careers had become closely intertwined. 他们的政治生涯已经紧密地结合在一起了。
Their destinies are intertwined. 他们的命运交织在一起。
Three major narratives intertwine within Foucault's text, 'Madness and Civilisation'. 三个主要故事在福柯的《疯癫与文明》一书当中密切相联。
a necklace of rubies intertwined with pearls 缠着珍珠的红宝石项链 
intertwining branches 缠绕在一起的树枝 
Trees, undergrowth and creepers intertwined, blocking our way. 树木、灌木丛与藤蔓植物盘根错节，挡住了我们的去路。
The towels were embroidered with their intertwined initials. 毛巾上绣着他们姓名首字母的连写组合。

vt. [正式] 考虑到、顾忌:
vt. 为某人或某事物提供足够的空间，如容纳:
vt. ~ sb (with sth) [正式]（通过为某人做事来）帮助对方，如迎合、迁就:
~ sth/yourself to sth [正式]（改变自己的行为以更好地）适应新环境:
vt. 为某人提供一个睡觉、居住或坐着的房间，即为…提供住宿:
accommodate |[əˈkɒmədeɪt;美əˈkɑ:m-]
Our proposal tries to accommodate the special needs of minority groups. 我们的提案尽量照顾到少数群体的特殊需要。
The roads are built to accommodate gradual temperature changes. 修建这些道路时考虑到了温度的逐渐变化。
The way that American history is taught may change in order to accommodate some more of those cultures. 美国历史的授课方式可能会为了照顾到更多的文化而作改变。
The school in Poldown was not big enough to accommodate all the children. 波尔登的学校不够大，容不下所有的孩子。
It was a large hall, where a lot of people could be comfortably accommodated. 那个厅很大，可以容纳很多人而不拥挤。
The garage can accommodate three cars. 这个车库可以停放三辆轿车。
The CD-ROMs will accommodate the works of all English poets from 600 to 1900. 这些光盘能存下从公元600年到1900年所有英国诗人的作品。
Over 70 minutes of music can be accommodated on one CD. 一张激光唱片可以容纳70多分钟的音乐。
I have accommodated the press a great deal, giving numerous interviews. 我多次接受采访，已给了报界许多方便。
He has never put an arm around his wife to accommodate photographers. 他从未为了迎合摄影师而搂住妻子。
He's already altered several of the proposals in his economic plan to accommodate demands of special interests. 他已经改动了经济计划中的几项提议以迁就特殊利益集团的要求。
vt.&vi. ~ to sth 
Some animal and plant species cannot accommodate to the rapidly changing conditions. 某些种类的动植物不能适应迅速变化的环境。
She walked slowly to accommodate herself to his pace. 她走得很慢，以便与他保持一致的步伐。
I needed to accommodate to the new schedule. 我需要适应新的时间表。
The hotel can accommodate up to 500 guests. 这家旅馆可供500位旅客住宿。
a hotel built to accommodate guests for the wedding of King Alfonso 一家为接待前来参加阿方索国王婚礼的来宾而建的宾馆 
Students are accommodated in homes nearby. 学生被安置在附近的住家中。

vt. ~ (sb) sth (for sth)（医生）给…开处方、开药；让…采用（疗法）:
vt.（当权者、当局、法律、规则）规定、命令、指示:
prescribe |[prɪˈskraɪb]
Valium is usually prescribed to treat anxiety. 安定剂通常用于治疗焦躁。
He may be able to prescribe you something for that cough. 他也许能给你开一些咳嗽药。
Our doctor diagnosed a throat infection and prescribed antibiotic and junior aspirin. 我们的医生诊断是喉部感染，并且开了一些抗生素和小剂量阿司匹林。
She took twice the prescribed dose of sleeping tablets. 她服用了双倍医嘱剂量的安眠药片。
The drug can no longer be legally prescribed. 开这种药物不再合法。
These drugs are widely prescribed to control high blood pressure. 这些药物被广泛地用在控制高血压的处方里。
It can be prescribed as a form of preventive medicine. 这种药物可以作为一种预防药来开。
drugs prescribed for high blood pressure 为高血压开的药 
This drug is often prescribed for women with heart trouble. 这种药通常是为有心脏疾患的女性开的。
a drug prescribed to patients with an obsessive compulsive disorder 给强迫症患者开的一种药物
The prescribed form must be completed and returned to this office. 必须把指定的表格填好并交回本办事处。
Police regulations prescribe that an officer's number must be clearly visible. 警政制度规定，警察的番号必须醒目。
The syllabus prescribes precisely which books should be studied. 教学大纲明确规定了哪些是必读的书。
article II of the constitution, which prescribes the method of electing a president. 规定了总统选举方法的宪法第二条 
Alliott told Singleton he was passing the sentence prescribed by law. 阿利奥特告诉辛格尔顿他是依法判决。
The curriculum is rigidly prescribed from an early age. 自儿童时起即已开始有严格的课程设置。
Everything about her life was strictly prescribed (= there were strict rules about what she could do). 她生活中的一切都是一板一眼规定好的。
culturally prescribed gender roles 文化规定的性别角色

n. [U]（交通工具、机器等的）制造:
n. [U, C] 某事物（如某个体系、理论、理念、观点、知识等的）创立:
n. [C] [正式]（对字词、行为、陈述等含义的）理解方式，相当于interpretation:
n. [U] 建造或制造（某事物的）结构的方式，即构造。如果说framework强调起支撑作用的总体“框架”，那么construction则强调所有的内外结构:
n. [U]（房屋、工厂、道路、桥梁等的）建造，建筑或施工:
n. [C] [正式]（建筑或结构意义上的）建造物，构造物:
n. [C] 用字词来构造句子、短语等的方式，即语法结构:
construction |[kən'strʌkʃn]
to have rich experience in the construction of the type of equipment 在制造这种设备方面拥有丰富的经验
the construction of a just system of criminal justice 公正的刑事司法体制的建立 
the construction of a new theory 新理论的创立
What construction do you put on this letter? 你对这封信如何理解？
furniture of sound construction 构造很好的家具 
ships of steel construction 钢结构船 
walls of solid construction 构造坚固的墙 
The drainage system needs careful construction. 排水系统需要精细的构造。
bridge, building, canal, road construction 桥梁建设；房屋建设；运河建设；道路建设 
house construction 住房建设 
the construction of the airport, school and factory 机场、学校和工厂的建设 
construction company 建筑公司 
construction project 建筑工程 
construction contract 建筑合同 
construction materials 建筑材料 
construction technique 建筑技术
a steel and glass construction 一座钢筋玻璃建造物 
wooden construction 木结构建筑 
concrete, wooden construction 混凝土建筑；木结构建筑 
a schoolhouse of brick construction 用砖砌成的校舍 
grammatical, linguistic, sentence construction 语法结构；语言结构；句子结构 
complex verbal constructions 复杂的动词结构 
active, passive construction 主动结构；被动结构

vt. 忍受（痛苦或不悦的事）而不抱怨:
vi. [正式] 持续存在很长一段时间，持久:
endure |[ɪnˈdjʊə(r);美-ˈdʊr]
to endure agony 忍受痛苦 
The pain was almost too great to endure. 痛苦得几乎难以忍受。
unbearable pain, which they had to endure in solitude because not even the doctors could get near them 他们不得不独自承受的无法忍受的疼痛，因为甚至连医生都无法靠近他们 
to endure torment 忍受折磨 
to endure hardship 忍受艰苦 
to endure suffering 忍受苦难 
to endure humiliation 忍受屈辱 
to endure insult 忍受羞辱 
to endure abuse 忍受辱骂（或虐待）
to endure taunt 忍受嘲笑（或奚落）
to endure misery 忍受悲惨 
to endure ordeal 忍受煎熬 
to endure a constant barrage of questions 忍受接二连三的质问 
They had to endure a long wait before the case came to trial. 在此案审理前他们只得忍受长时间的等待。
She could not endure the thought of parting. 一想到分别她就无法忍受。
He can't endure being defeated. 他无法忍受失败。
a love that endures all things and never fails（正式用法）可经受一切考验的永不凋谢的爱情 
The company endured heavy financial losses. 那家公司遭受了严重亏损。
a success that will endure 将会持续的成功 
Somehow the language endures and continues to survive. 那种语言以某种方式保存下来，并继续存在下去。

n. 1 [U, C] 选举，尤指政治选举:
~ (to sth) 当选:
election |[ɪˈlekʃn]
How many candidates are standing for election?（英）有多少候选人参加竞选？
to run for election（美）参加竞选 
election campaigns, election results 竞选运动；选举结果 
to fight an election 参加竞选 
to vote in an election 参加投票选举 
In America, presidential elections are held every four years. 美国每四年举行一次总统选举。
The prime minister is about to call (= announce) an election. 首相即将宣布举行大选。
the first fully free elections for more than fifty years 五十多年来第一次完全自由的选举 
During his election campaign he promised to put the economy back on its feet. 在竞选活动中，他承诺恢复经济活力。
We welcome his election as president. 我们欢迎他当选总统。
a year after her election to the committee 她获选进入该委员会之后一年 
the election of the Labour government in 1964 1964年工党政府当选

If you say that the jury is out or that the jury is still out on a particular subject, you mean that people in general have still not made a decision or formed an opinion about that subject. 尚无定论
makeshift 应急的
A jury is a group of people who choose the winner of a competition. (竞赛的) 评委会
In a court of law, the jury is the group of people who have been chosen from the general public to listen to the facts about a crime and to decide whether the person accused is guilty or not. 陪审团
jury |英 ['dʒʊərɪ]  美 ['dʒʊri]| n. [法] 陪审团；评判委员会/adj. 应急的/n. (Jury)人名；(西)胡里；(英、法)朱里；(德)尤里/
The jury is out on whether or not this is true.这是否属实尚无定论。
jury-rigged
I am not surprised that the jury chose to award this novel the prize.我并不惊讶于评委选择给这部小说颁奖。
The jury convicted Mr. Hampson of all offences.该陪审团裁定汉普森先生的全部罪名成立。


n. [U] 伟大的美，可称为壮美、壮丽、辉煌、灿烂等:
vi. glory in sth 可表示从某事中获得巨大的喜悦，相当于revel:
n. 1 [U] 被给予某人的荣誉、光荣或赞扬（因其完成了某件重要的事）:
2 [C] 产生骄傲（或崇敬、愉悦）的一个特殊理由或原因:
n. [U] 对上帝的赞颂、赞美、崇拜:
glory |['ɡlɔ:rɪ]
The city was spread out beneath us in all its glory. 这座城市绚丽多彩地展现在我们下方。
The building has now been restored to its former glory. 这座建筑物又恢复了它昔日的荣光。
in all her glory 在她的全盛期 
Seeing the Rockies in all their glory was an awesome experience. 观赏落基山脉的盛景是一种很棒的体验。
She gloried in her new-found independence. 她为自己新获得的独立而欣喜。
Olympic glory in the 100 metres 奥林匹克100米赛跑的桂冠 
I do all the work and he gets all the glory. 活儿都是我干，荣誉都是他得。
her moment of glory 她的光荣时刻 
glory days 光辉岁月 
He came home a rich man, covered in glory. 他发迹还乡，荣归故里。
personal glory 个人荣誉 
reflected glory 得自他人的荣誉 
to win military glory 建立战功 
The temple is one of the glories of ancient Greece. 这座庙宇是古希腊的一大骄傲。
Her long black hair is her crowning glory. 她长长的黑发是她的无上荣耀。
‘Glory to God in the highest’ “荣耀属于至高无上的上帝”

vt.＆vi. 用针和线在布上缝，即做针线活:
vt. sew sth (on)（用针和线来）缝制、缝补或缝上:
sew |[səʊ]
My mother taught me how to sew. 我母亲教我做针线活儿。
to sew by hand, to sew by machine 手工缝制；用机器缝 
He sewed up the tear with a needle and thread. 他用针线把破洞缝了起来。
He had his partially severed ear sewn back on. 他那撕裂了一半的耳朵给接上了。
She sews all her own clothes. 她所有的衣服都是自己缝的。
to sew a button 钉扣子 
Surgeons were able to sew the finger back on. 外科医生把断指接上了。

n. [C] 部分:
n. [C]（尤指处于军事管制之下的）区域、地带:
n. [C] [几何学] 扇形:
n. [C]（尤指一国经济的）领域、部门:
n. [C]（尤指一国经济的）行业:
n. [C] 阶层:
sector |[ˈsektə(r)]
a sector of the population 人口的一部分
each sector of the war zone 战区的每个军管地段 
Officers were going to retake sectors of the city. 军官们打算重新夺回该市的防御区。
rural, urban sector 乡村；城区 
northern sector 北部地区 
Berlin was divided into four sectors after the war. 战后柏林被划分成四个区域。
independent（英）, private sector 私营部门 
public, state sector 公共部门；国有部门 
non-profit（尤美）, voluntary（英）非营利部门 
economic, industry, market sector 经济部门；工业部门；市场领域 
agricultural, business, commercial, corporate, export, industrial, manufacturing, media, retial, service sector 农业；商业领域；公司企业；出口部门；工业部门；制造业；媒体领域；零售业；服务业 
banking, financial, financial services（尤英）sector 银行业；金融业；金融服务业 
energy, oil sector 能源领域；石油行业 
electronics, high-tech, tech, technology, telecom（英）sector 电子业；高科技领域；技术领域；电信行业 
education, schools（英）, university（尤英）sector 教育部门；中小学；高校界 
the chronic underfunding of the education sector 教育部门的长期资金不足 
health, health-care sector 卫生部门；卫生保健部门 
tourism, tourist（尤英）sector 旅游业 
consumer, household（尤美）sector 消费品行业；家居业 
He went on to a successful career in the private sector. 他继而在私营机构干出了一番事业。
employment opportunities in the higher education sector 高等教育行业的就业机会 
The survey covers a wide range of industry sectors. 该调研覆盖了范围广泛的产业部门。      
independent（英）, private sector 私营行业 
public, state sector 公共行业；国有行业 
non-profit（尤美）, voluntary（英）非营利行业 
agricultural, business, commercial, industrial, manufacturing, media, retial, service sector 农业；商业；工业；制造业；媒体业；零售业；服务业 
banking, financial, financial services（尤英）sector 银行业；金融业；金融服务业 
oil sector 石油行业 
electronics, telecom（英）sector 电子业；电信行业 
tourism, tourist（尤英）sector 旅游业 
consumer, household（尤美）sector 消费品行业；家居业 
He went on to a successful career in the private sector. 他继而在私营机构干出了一番事业。
employment opportunities in the higher education sector 高等教育行业的就业机会
Workers who went to the Gulf came from the poorest sectors of Pakistani society. 前往海湾的工人来自巴基斯坦最贫穷的社会阶层。
a sector of society 社会阶层

adj.（尤指对人的健康或安全）危险的；有害的:
adj.（尤指对人的健康或安全）危险的；有害的:
hazardous |[ˈhæzədəs;美-ərdəs]
hazardous waste 有害废物 
chemicals that are hazardous to human beings 对人类有害的化学品 
Passive smoking can be hazardous to health. 被动吸烟会有害健康。
the burning of potentially hazardous medical waste 焚烧有潜在危害的医疗垃圾 
hazardous waste 有害废物 
chemicals that are hazardous to human beings 对人类有害的化学品 
Passive smoking can be hazardous to health. 被动吸烟会有害健康。
the burning of potentially hazardous medical waste 焚烧有潜在危害的医疗垃圾 
environmentally hazardous substances 对环境有害的物质 
These conditions are very hazardous for shipping. 这些情况对船运非常不利。
a hazardous journey 危险的旅程 
It would be hazardous to invest so much. 投资这么多会有风险。

vt. deprive sb/sth of sth 使某人不能享有某事物或不能做某事（尤指重要的事物或事情），即剥夺，使丧失:
deprive |[dɪˈpraɪv]
They were imprisoned and deprived of their basic rights. 他们遭到监禁并被剥夺了基本权利。
The disintegration of the Soviet Union deprived western intelligence agencies of their main enemies. 苏联解体使西方情报机构丧失了主要的敌人。
They've been deprived of the fuel necessary to heat their homes. 他们没法得到家里取暖所必需的燃料。
Why should you deprive yourself of such simple pleasures? 你为什么连这种简单的娱乐也不让自己享受一下呢？

adj. [褒]（对待人们）宽宏大量的，仁慈的；愿意看到人或事物的好的方面的:
adj. [褒] generous (with sth) 慷慨大方的，慷慨给予的，是一个常规用词。词义与mean相反:
adj. [褒] 比必需的量更多的，即充足的。相当于lavish:
adj. [褒] 大的:
generous |['dʒenərəs]
generous mind 宽阔的胸怀 
She’s very generous with her praise. 她毫不吝惜赞美之词。
generous benefactor 慷慨的捐助者 
to be generous with your time 不吝惜时间 
to be generous in giving help 乐于助人 
generous gift 丰厚的礼物 
Thank you for your donation. It was very generous of you. 感谢您的捐款，您真是慷慨大方。
John’s become very generous with the wine! 约翰不停地奉上美酒！
The review panel criticized the payments as overly generous. 审查小组批评这些开销太过手松。
a generous helping of meat 一大份肉 
The car has a generous amount of space. 这辆汽车的空间很大。
