transcend						超越
kidnap						绑架罪，绑架
dominate						统治，主宰，占优势
stabilize						使...稳定
consult						咨询，查阅，商量
resume						继续
migrate						移居，迁徙
isolation						隔离，孤立
derive						起源于...，获得，衍生
conservation					保护，节约，守恒
incidence						发生，发生率
perpetual						一再反复的，无休止的
pessimistic					悲观的
crew							工作人员
mourn							哀悼
vice							有伤风化的行为，缺陷
vice-							副...
shot							射击，尝试，击球，照片，注射
virus							病毒，毒害
dorm							宿舍
erupt							喷发，爆发
impact						冲撞，影响
index							索引，标志，指数
claim							要求...的所有权，声称，要求，获得，索赔
make a claim					作出断言
a claim to fame					出名的事由
embrace						拥抱，包括，欣然接受
enviable						令人羡慕的
blouse						女衬衫
deliver						递送，移交，发表，履行
rhythm						节奏，韵律，循环往复
the rhythm of the tides			潮起潮落
code							密码，规范
monopoly						垄断
\\\\\\\\


be or go beyond the range or limits of (a field of activity or conceptual sphere):be或gobeorgobeyondtherangeorlimitsof(活动领域或概念领域)
surpass (a person or achievement):surpass（一个人或成就）
transcend |trɑːnˈsɛnd| Verb/:超越,超脱
this was an issue transcending the tech space and reaching other corners of society:这是一个超越科技领域并触及社会其他角落的问题
he doubts that he will ever transcend Shakespeare:he怀疑他是否会超越莎士比亚

n. [U, C] 绑架罪:
vt. 绑架、劫持某人（以让对方缴纳赎金来交换人质）:
kidnap |[ˈkɪdnæp]
Stewart denies attempted murder and kidnap. 斯图尔特否认对其谋杀未遂和绑架的指控。
He was charged with the kidnap of a 25 year-old woman. 他被指控绑架一名25岁的女子。
kidnap victim 绑架案受害者
She was kidnapped and held for ransom. 她被绑架并遭勒索赎金。
Two businessmen have been kidnapped by terrorists. 两名商人遭恐怖分子绑架。
Police in Brazil uncovered a plot to kidnap him. 巴西警方发现了有人要绑架他的阴谋。
They were intelligent and educated, yet they chose to kidnap and kill. 他们聪明且有教养，却选择去绑架和杀人。

vt.&vi. 通常以一种令人不快的方式来控制某人或某事物，或对其施加过多影响，可称为支配、左右等:
vt. 在某事物中具有最重要或最明显的特色:
vt.（建筑物、山或其它物体）高耸于（一个地区）:
vt.（建筑物、山或其它物体）俯视（一个地区）:
vt. [体育] 在比赛中占据主导优势:
dominate |[ˈdɒmɪneɪt;美ˈdɑ:m-]
As a child he was dominated by his father. 他小时候由父亲主宰一切。
He tended to dominate the conversation. 他往往左右着交谈的内容。
She always says a lot in meetings, but she doesn't dominate. 她在会上总是滔滔不绝，但她的话没什么影响。
He denied that his country wants to dominate Europe. 他否认他的国家想要控制欧洲。
Women are no longer dominated by the men in their relationships. 在两性关系中女性不再受制于男性。
He never let his work dominate his life. 他绝不让工作主宰他的生活。
The train crash dominated the news. 火车相撞事故成了最重要的新闻。
to dominate the headline 成为最重要的新闻标题 
The book is expected to dominate the best-seller lists. 这本书预计会占据畅销书排行榜的榜首。
countries where life is dominated by war 战事频繁的国家 
the issues which have dominated Irish politics 主宰爱尔兰政治的一些问题 
The power station dominates the landscape. 该地区满眼都是发电站。
His writings on motorized warfare dominated strategic thinking in the 1930s. 他关于机械化战争的文章主宰了20世纪30年代的战略思维。
The cathedral dominates the city. 大教堂俯视全城。
its skyline dominated by the central mosque 中央的清真寺高耸天际 
It's one of the biggest buildings in this area, and it really dominates this whole place. 这是该地区最大的建筑物之一，雄踞在整个地区之上。
The cathedral dominates the city. 大教堂俯视全城。
Arsenal dominated the first half of the match. 阿森纳队在上半场比赛中占据上风。

make or become unlikely to give way or overturn:make或becomeunlikelytogivewayoroverturn
make or become unlikely to change, fail, or decline:使或变得不太可能改变、失败或拒绝
stabilize |ˈsteɪbɪlʌɪz| Verb/:,稳定下来

vt. 查阅或参看…（以获得信息），相当于refer to:
vt.＆vi. consult sb (about sth) 去向某人咨询信息或请教建议:
vt.＆vi. consult (with) sb (about/on sth)与某人讨论某事（以得到其许可或帮助做出决策）:
consult |[kən'sʌlt]
He consulted the manual. 他查阅了使用说明书。
Have you consulted your lawyer about this? 你就此事咨询过你的律师吗？
If the pain persists you should consult your doctor. 如果疼痛持续，你就应该找医生看看。
I need to consult my teacher about changing my course. 我需要向老师咨询更改选课的事。
a consulting engineer 顾问工程师
You shouldn’t have done it without consulting me. 你不该不和我商量就做了这件事。
I need to consult with my colleagues on the proposals. 我需要和我的同事商讨这些建议。

vt.&vi. [正式]（使）一项活动中断后重新开始:
vt. ~ your seat/place/position 恢复（席位、地位或职位）；回到（座位）:
vt.（中断后）继续说（或接着说）:
resume |[rɪˈzu:m;BritishEnglishalso-ˈzju:-]
to resume talks, to resume negotiations 重新进行会谈；重启谈判 
She resumed her career after an interval of six years. 经过六年的间歇之后她又重新上岗。
The noise resumed, louder than before. 噪声再起，比先前更大。
He got back in the car and resumed driving. 他回到车上，继续开车。
After the war he resumed his duties at Emmanuel College. 战争过后，他重新开始了在伊曼纽尔学院的工作。
The search is expected to resume early today. 预计搜寻工作会于今天早些时候重新开始。
'I changed my mind,' Blanche said, resuming her seat. “我改变主意了，”布兰奇说着回到她的座位上。
'Hey, Judith,' he resumed, 'tell me all about yourself.' “嘿，朱迪思，”他接着说，“跟我谈谈你自己吧。”

vi. [术语] 从一地移动到另一地:
vi.（很多人）移居、迁移（尤指到外地找工作或暂住一段时间）:
vi.（鸟、动物等）随季节变化而迁徙:
vt.&vi. [计算机]（使）迁移（到另一计算机系统）:
vt. [计算机] 将（程序或硬件）迁移，转移（到另一系统）:
migrate |[maɪˈgreɪt;美ˈmaɪgreɪt]
The infected cells then migrate to other areas of the body. 受感染的细胞接着转移到身体的其他部位。
Thousands were forced to migrate from rural to urban areas in search of work. 成千上万的人为了寻找工作被迫从农村涌进城市。
People migrate to cities like Jakarta in search of work. 人们为找工作而迁移到雅加达这类城市里。
Farmers have learned that they have to migrate if they want to survive. 农民们已经认识到，想要生存就必须外出打工。
Swallows migrate south in winter. 燕子在冬天迁徙到南方。
birds migrating from Europe to Africa 从欧洲迁徙到非洲的鸟 
Most birds have to fly long distances to migrate. 绝大多数鸟类为了迁徙都不得不进行长距离的飞行。
a dam system that kills the fish as they migrate from streams to the ocean 导致鱼类在从溪流向海洋迁徙途中死亡的水坝体系

n. [U] in ~ 单独地；独自地:
n. [U] ~ (from sb/sth) 对某人或某事物的隔离；被隔离的状态:
n. [U] in ~ (from sb/sth) 孤立:
n. [U] ~ (from sb/sth) 孤独:
isolation |[ˌaɪsəˈleɪʃn]
Malcolm works in isolation but I have no doubts about his abilities. 马尔科姆单打独干，但我对他的能力丝毫不怀疑。
The tower stands in splendid isolation on the cliff edge.（尤英）这座塔巍然赢立在悬崖边上。
cultural, diplomatic, geographic（美）, geographical（尤英），political isolation 文化上的孤立；外交上的孤立；地理位置的隔绝；政治上的孤立 
The country has been threatened with complete isolation from the international community unless the atrocities stop. 这个国家受到了完全被国际社会孤立的威胁，除非其暴行得以制止。
The country could face international isolation if it does not withdraw its troops. 该国若不撤军就会面临国际社会的孤立。
He lives in splendid isolation (= far from, or in a superior position to, everyone else). 他过着远离尘世的生活。
the enforced isolation of life in an Arctic weather station（enforced尤为英式用法）被迫在北极气象站里过的与世隔绝的生活 
the social isolation of single mothers at home with their babies 在家带孩子的单身母亲与社会的隔绝 
He lived in a state of self-imposed isolation. 他生活在自我孤立的状态中。
Many immigrants experience isolation. 许多移民都有被孤立的感觉。
isolation hospital （英）, isolation room, isolation ward（尤英）隔离医院；隔离室；隔离病房
Punishment cannot be discussed in isolation from social theory. 不能脱离社会理论孤立地讨论惩罚。
To make sense, these figures should not be looked at in isolation. 这些数据不应孤立起来看，否则就没有意义。
Many unemployed people experience feelings of isolation and depression. 很多失业者有孤独沮丧的感觉。
Many deaf people have feelings of isolation and loneliness. 很多失聪者都有孤独无助的感觉。
He also talked briefly about the isolation he endured while in captivity. 他还简单谈及了他被俘期间忍受的孤独。
emotional isolation 情感上的孤独

vt.&vi.（使）（文字、感情等）起源于或来自于:
vt. [正式]（从…中）得到，获得（快乐、好处等）:
vt. [术语]（从…中）提取（某种物质）:
derive |[dɪˈraɪv]
Anna's strength is derived from her parents and her sisters. 安娜的坚强源自于她的父母和姐姐们。
The word ‘politics’ is derived from a Greek word meaning ‘city’. politics一词源自希腊语，意思是city。
The word Easter derives from Eostre, the pagan goddess of spring. Easter (复活节)一词由Eostre(多神教的春天女神)衍生而来。
Mr Ying is one of those happy people who derive pleasure from helping others. 英先生属于那种助人为乐的快活人。
He derived great pleasure from painting. 他从绘画中得到极大的乐趣。
We can derive some comfort from this fact. 我们可以从这个事实中得到一些安慰。" 
The lions clearly derive some benefit from living in groups. 狮子显然从群居生活中受益。
This income was derived directly from his writing. 这笔收入直接来源于他的写作。
The new drug is derived from fish oil. 这种新药是从鱼油中提炼出来的。

n. 1 [U] 对自然资源的保护，相当于conservancy:
2 [U]（官方对具有历史价值或艺术价值的建筑物的）保护:
3 [U]（对某事物的损害或毁坏所采取的）保护行为:
n. [U] 对某事物的流失、浪费所采取的防止行为，即节约:
conservation |[͵kɒnsə'veɪʃn]
energy, environmental, forest, nature, resource, wildlife conservation 能源节约；环境保护；森林保护；自然保护；资源保护；野生动物保护 
elephant conservation 大象的保护 
species conservation 物种保护 
conservation measure 保护措施 
conservation area 保护区 
architectural conservation 建筑保护 
art conservation 艺术品保护 
the conservation of water 节约用水 
energy conservation 能源的节约

n. [U] [物理学] 入射（角）:
n. [C, usually sing.] [正式] ~ of sth 某事（尤指坏事）的发生率:
incidence |[ˈɪnsɪdəns]
the angle of incidence 入射角
an area with a high incidence of crime 犯罪率高的地区 
the highest reported incidence of air pollution 有报告以来最高的空气污染发生率 
The incidence of breast cancer increases with age. 乳腺癌的发病率随年龄增长而递增。
the high incidence of child mortality 儿童的高死亡率 
There is a greater incidence of cancer in the families of radiation workers. 接触放射性物质的工作人员，其家属的癌症发病率要更高一些。
The country had the lowest incidence of AIDS cases proportional to its population. 相对于人口而言，该国艾滋病发病率是最低的。
The medical histories of our patients show a high incidence of past diseases. 我们的病人病历表明他们大都有既往病史。
They found an increased incidence of childhood leukaemia in some areas. 他们发现有些地区儿童白血病发病率上升。
We compared the incidence of coronary heart disease and total mortality. 我们把冠心病的发病率与总死亡率作了比较。
an incidence rate of 4 or 5 per 10 000 of the population 发生概率为每1万人中4至5人 
The study noted an increased incidence of heart disease in women.该研究发现女性心脏病发病率有所上升。

never ending or changing:永无止境或改变
denoting or having a position, job, or trophy held for life:表示或拥有终身职位、工作或奖杯
(of an investment) having no fixed maturity date, irredeemable:(ofaninvestment)没有固定的到期日，不可赎回
occurring repeatedly, so frequent as to seem endless and uninterrupted:occurringrepeatedly,如此频繁以至于似乎无穷无尽和不间断
(of a plant) blooming or fruiting several times in one season:（植物的）在一个季节开花或结果数次
perpetual |pəˈpɛtʃʊəl| Adjective/:永动的,永久,永恒的,恒久的
deep caves in perpetual darkness:永恒黑暗中的深洞
a perpetual secretary of the society:永远的社团秘书
a perpetual bond:永久债券
their perpetual money worries:他们永远的金钱烦恼
he grows perpetual flowering carnations:he种植永生康乃馨

adj. ~ (about sth) 悲观的；悲观主义的:
pessimistic |[ˌpesɪˈmɪstɪk]
These figures look quite pessimistic. 这些数字看上去十分悲观。
His predictions proved unduly pessimistic. 他的预言被证明是过分悲观了。
I am deeply pessimistic about the future. 我对未来感到极度悲观。
They appeared surprisingly pessimistic about their chances of winning. 他们对胜利的可能性显得出奇地悲观。
a pessimistic view of life 对人生悲观的看法 
I think you're being far too pessimistic. 我觉得你过于悲观了。
Not everyone is so pessimistic about the future. 不是每个人都对未来如此悲观。
Hardy has often been criticised for an excessively pessimistic view of life. 哈代由于对生活持过度悲观的态度而常常受到批评。

n. [C] 在一起工作的一群特殊技术人员，即技术人员团队，专业团队:
n. [C] 一组演职人员团队:
n. [sing.] [常贬] 一群人，一帮人，一伙人:
n. 1 [U] [美]（与其他人在一艘船上所进行的）赛艇运动:
2 [C] 赛船的一支划船团队，即划船队:
n. 1 [C]（飞机等上面的）全体工作人员:
2 [C]（飞机等上面不包括高级职员的）全体工作人员，即全体乘务员:
n. 1 [C]（船等上面的）全体工作人员:
2 [C]（船等上面不包括高级职员的）全体工作人员，即全体船员:
vt.＆vi. 当工作人员，尤指当船上的工作人员:
n. [C]（车辆上面的）全体工作人员:
crew |[kru:]
camera, news, production, stage crew 摄制组；新闻组；制作组；舞台工作人员 
ambulance, fire crew 救护车急救组；消防队 
cleaning, construction, repair, rescue crew 保洁人员；建筑人员；修理队；救援人员 
wrecking crew（美）打捞队 
command crew 指挥部全体工作人员 
gun crew 一组炮手 
cast and crew 全体演职人员
camera, production, stage crew 摄制组；制作组；舞台工作人员 
cast and crew 全体演职人员
The people she invited were a pretty motley crew. 她邀请的人员相当混杂。
I’m thinking of going out for crew this semester (= joining the rowing team). 这学期我打算参加赛艇队。
a member of the Cambridge crew 剑桥大学划船队的一名队员
None of the passengers and crew were injured. 没有一个乘客和机组人员受伤。
aircraft（尤英）, airline（尤美）crew 全体机组人员 
air, ground, maintenance, support crew 空勤人员；地勤人员；维修人员；支援人员 
the officers and crew 负责人员和全体乘务员
boat, ship’s, submarine crew 全体船员；潜艇上的全体船员 
Normally the boat is crewed by five people. 通常这条船配有五名船员。
I crewed for him on his yacht. 我曾在他的游艇上当船员。
tank, train crew 坦克上的全体人员；列车乘务组

vt.＆vi. mourn (for sb/sth) 由于某人的离世而感到（或表现出）悲伤；因某事物不再存在或不再和以前相同而感到悲伤。相当于grieve for:
mourn |[mɔ:n]
He was still mourning his brother’s death. 他仍然在为哥哥的去世而悲伤。
Today we mourn for all those who died in two world wars. 今天，我们向所有在两次世界大战中死难的人表示哀悼。
They mourn the passing of a simpler way of life. 他们对逝去的较为淳朴的生活感到惋惜。
She mourned for her lost childhood. 她为逝去的童年而伤感。   

n. [U, C] 邪恶或不道德的行为；某人性格中的邪恶或不道德的品性，不良习惯:
n. [U] 涉性或涉毒的犯罪活动:
vice |[vaɪs]
Gambling is a terrible vice. 赌博是一种恶习。
offences connected with vice and drugs 与卖淫和贩毒有关的罪行


next in rank to, and typically denoting capacity to deputize for:nextinrankto，通常表示有能力代表
vice- |vʌɪs| CombiningForm/:副-,副,副——
vice-president:副总裁

adj. 非正式，只作表语，处于非常糟糕的状况中的，被毁坏的:
n. [C] 非正式，少量饮料，尤指少量烈酒:
adj. shot (with sth)（纺织物、毛发等）在主色中有其他颜色的，即杂色的，或波动时产生一种颜色变化的效果，即闪色的:
n. [C] 在竞争中，可表示针对对手所发出的行动的一击（常为一系列行动中的一个）:
n. [C] shot (at sth/at doing sth) 常用单数，非正式用法，指尝试（去做某事或实现某个目标）:
n. [C] 电影中的镜头。是此义的常规用词:
n. [C] 航天器的发射:
n. [C] 在争论中，可表示针对对手所发出的一席话（常为一系列话语中的一个）:
n. [C] 非正式，尤用于美式英语，指药物的注射，相当于injection:
n. [C] 单数名词，与数字连用，指在比赛中有某种获胜可能的马或狗:
n. [C] 单数名词，体育运动中可指铅球:
n. [C] 击（或踢、投）球得分，射门，投篮:
n. [C] 照片。是一个形象化用词:
n. 1 [C] shot (at sb/sth) 射击；射击声:
2 [C] a good, bad, etc. shot 表示一个好的或糟糕的射手:
3 [U] 子弹中的铅弹，为一同射出的很多小金属弹:
4 [C]（复数依然为shot）旧时用大炮发射的石头或金属弹丸:
vi. 将子弹上膛:
shot |[ʃɒt]
The brakes on this car are shot. 这辆车上的刹车完全失灵了。
I’m shot--I’m too old for this job. 我一点力气都没有了——我这岁数干不动这活儿了。
After the accident his nerves were shot to pieces. 经历了那场事故，他的神经脆弱到了极点。
a shot of whisky 一点威士忌
shot silk 闪色的丝绸 
a shot sweater 杂色的毛衣
The supermarket fired the first shot in a price war today. 今天，这家超市打响了价格战的第一枪。
I’m willing to give it a shot. 我愿意试试。
close-up shot 特写镜头 
tracking shot 跟拍镜头 
exterior, location shot 外景拍摄 
opening shot 开场镜头 
a wide-angle shot showing the Grand Canyon 展现大峡谷风光的广角镜头
The space shot was shown live on television. 此次太空发射做了实况电视转播。
This statement was the opening shot in the argument. 这番话打响了争论的第一炮。
a shot of penicillin 一针青霉素 
allergy, flu shot 过敏注射；流感注射 
The applause acted on her like a shot of adrenalin.（比喻用法）掌声犹如给她注射了一剂强心剂。
The horse is a 10–1 shot. 这匹马的获胜率为10:1。
Good shot! 好球！
long, long-range shot 远投；远射 
close-range shot 近投；近射 
his right-footed shot from outside the penalty area 禁区外他的右脚射门 
He has blocked 850 shots in his NBA career. 他在效力美国职业篮球联赛的职业生涯中共拦截了850次投篮。
His shot went wide. 他射偏了。
camera shot 照片 
fashion, publicity shot 时装照；宣传照 
cover shot 封面照 
screen shot（通常用screenshot）from a computer 电脑的屏幕截图 
to snap a few shots 抓拍几张照片 
I got some good shots of people at the party. 我给参加聚会的人拍了几张精彩的照片。
lucky shot 侥幸射中 
random shot 胡乱开枪 
warning shot 鸣枪示警 
a clear shot 干脆利落的一枪 
cannon, gun, rifle shot 大炮开炮；枪炮射击；步枪射击 
I heard a pistol shot. 我听到一声枪响。
A volley of shots rang out. 一排子弹砰砰射了出来。
to take/fire a shot at the target 朝靶子开一枪 
The shot hit him in the chest. 子弹射中了他的胸膛。
a single shot to the head 朝头部开的一枪 
the opening shot in the election campaign（比喻用法）竞选活动的头一炮 
cheap, parting（均为比喻用法）shot 恶意中伤；离别时撂下的狠话 
He was a good shot. 他曾是一名优秀的射手。
a crack shot with a rifle 步枪神射手 
bad, poor shot 差劲的射手 

n. [C]（在人或动植物中能引起疾病的）病毒:
n. [C] 计算机病毒:
n. [C] [非正式] 由病毒引起的疾病，即病毒性疾病:
virus |['vaɪərəs]
flu virus 流感病毒 
virus infection 病毒感染 
deadly virus 致命的病毒
computer, email virus 计算机病毒；电子邮件病毒 
virus protection, virus scanning 病毒防护；病毒扫描
There was a virus going around the village. 那个村庄里流行着一种病毒性疾病。

a dormitory.:一个宿舍。
dorm |dɔːm| Noun/:宿舍,寝

vi. erupt (in/into sth) 突然强烈地表达出情感（尤指通过大声喊叫）:
vi. erupt (into sth) 突然且剧烈地开始发生，即爆发（新闻通讯中可指某地爆发暴力活动或骚乱），相当于break out:
vt.＆vi.（火山）爆发；（岩浆、烟等从火山中）喷出:
vi. erupt (in/into sth) 突然强烈地表达出情感（尤指通过大声喊叫）:
vi.（斑点等）突然出现在皮肤上:
erupt |[ɪ'rʌpt]
My father just erupted into fury. 我父亲勃然大怒。
The crowd erupted in cheers and sobs of joy. 人群中爆发出欢呼声和喜极而泣的呜咽声。
She erupts into laughter. 她爆发出笑声。
Violence erupted outside the embassy gates. 大使馆门外突然发生了暴乱。
Heavy fighting erupted between the two troops. 两支部队之间爆发了激烈的战斗。
to erupt into riots 爆发骚乱 
to erupt into a full-scale war 爆发全面战争 
Epidemics periodically erupted throughout the 19th century. 整个19世纪流行病周期性爆发。
The volcano could erupt at any time. 这座火山随时可能爆发。
An immense volume of molten lava was erupted. 大量熔岩喷发出来。
My father just erupted into fury. 我父亲勃然大怒。
The audience spontaneously erupted into a standing ovation. 观众自发起立，热烈鼓掌。
The crowd erupted in cheers and sobs of joy. 人群中爆发出欢呼声和喜极而泣的呜咽声。
The room erupted with laughter. 房间里爆发出笑声。
A rash had erupted all over his chest. 他的胸部突然出满疹子。

vt.&vi. ~ (on/upon) sth 对某事物有影响、有作用:
n. [C, usually sing, U] ~ (of sth) (on sb/sth) 对某人或某事物产生的巨大影响:
n. [C, usually sing, U] 物体之间的撞击力:
n. [C, usually sing, U] 物体之间的撞击:
vt.&vi. ~ (on/upon/with) sth [正式] 撞击:
impact |[ˈɪmpækt]
The company's performance was impacted by the high value of the pound. 公司的业绩受到了英镑高值的冲击。
to impact on inflation and competition 对通货膨胀和竞争产生影响 
Such schemes mean little unless they impact on people. 这些计划没什么意义，除非它们对人民产生影响。
Her father's death impacted greatly on her childhood years. 父亲去世对她的童年造成巨大影响。
cultural, ecological, economic, emotional, financial, health, political, psychological, social impact 文化影响；生态影响；经济影响；情感影响；财务影响；健康影响；政治影响；心理影响；社会影响 
Businesses are beginning to feel the full impact of the recession. 工商企业开始感受到了经济衰退的全面冲击。
the impact of the debt crisis on developing countries 本次债务危机对发展中国家的影响 
Variations in the interest rate will have an impact on the whole housing market. 利率的变动将对整个房地产市场产生影响。
the initial impact of the reforms 改革的最初影响 
the likely impact of the changes on employment patterns 这些变化对雇佣模式可能产生的影响 
to minimize the impact of price rises on our customers 努力使涨价对我们的顾客产生的影响降至最低 
to resist the impact of poverty on the health of their children 避免贫困对孩子的健康产生影响 
They say they expect the meeting to have a marked impact on the future of the country. 他们称他们预期会议对国家的未来会产生显著影响。
the wider impact of this proposal 这份提议的更广泛的影响 
the personal impact of party leaders 政党领袖的个人影响力 
the environmental impact of tourism 旅游事业对环境的巨大影响 
the impact of AIDS on the gay community 艾滋病对同性恋群体的影响 
the major impact of this epidemic 这种传染病的重大影响 
Architecturally, these churches reflected the impact of the Renaissance. 从建筑风格来看，这些教堂受到了文艺复兴的影响。
The railways made a direct physical impact on the landscape. 铁路对地貌产生直接影响。
We'll show you how to dress for maximum impact at the all-important audition. 这次试演关系重大，我们会教你如何着装才能取得最佳效果。
the cumulative impact of a series of damaging events 一系列危害事件所产生的累积影响 
Her speech made a profound impact on everyone. 她的讲话对每个人都有深远的影响。
You certainly made a big impact on Carter. 你确实对卡特产生了很大影响。
the human impact on the dolphins 人类对海豚的影响 
physical, visual impact 生理影响；视觉影响 
potential impact 潜在的影响 
decisive impact 决定性的影响 
positive, negative impact 积极的影响；消极的影响
The front coach of the train took the full impact of the crash. 火车的前部车厢承受了全部撞击力。
A well-designed sports shoe should absorb the impact on the 28 bones in each foot. 设计精良的运动鞋应能减轻冲击力，保护单足的28块骨头。
asteroid impact 小行星撞击 
craters made by meteorite impacts 陨石撞击而成的陨石坑 
The front of the car had crumpled on impact. 汽车前部因撞击叠成了一团。
The car is fitted with side impact bars (= to protect it from a blow from the side). 这辆车的两侧都安装了保险杠。
Air bags are designed to soften the impact for crash victims. 气囊是为减缓撞车事故受害人所受冲击而设计的。
to die on impact 死于撞击 
to survive the impact 在撞击中幸存下来 
The bomb explodes on impact (= when it hits something). 炸弹受到撞击就爆炸。
The impact of the blow knocked Jack off balance. 这一记猛击把杰克打了个趔趄。
impact speed, impact velocity 撞击速度 
the moment of impact 撞击的瞬间 
the sharp tinkle of metal impacting on stone 金属撞击石头发出的刺耳叮当声 
The missile merely impacted with the ground prematurely. 导弹只是提前撞向了地面。          

n. 1 [C] 索引:
2 [C] [英] 一盒子带有信息的卡片（按字母顺序排列），即卡片目录（或索引），相当于card index:
vt. 为文献、书籍等编索引；将…编入（文献、书籍等的）索引:
n. 1 [C]（物价、工资等的）指数:
2 [usually pl.] [数学] 指数（在等式42 = 16中，2是指数）:
n. [C]（用以衡量…的一个）指标或量度:
index |[ˈɪndeks]
alphabetical indix 按字母顺序排列的索引 
The topic I was interested in didn't appear in the index. 我感兴趣的那个题目没有收进索引。
Curiously, the word 'gay' does not occur in the index. 奇怪的是，gay这个词没有出现在索引当中。
Why don't you look up her name in the index? 你为什么不在索引里查找她的名字呢？
Search the index to find the address of the data file. 查阅索引寻找数据文件的地址。
The index only gives the main towns. 索引中只有主要城镇的名称。
index card 索引卡 
Is there any reference to it in the index? 索引中有没有提到它？
It's a general index to the whole work. 这是整部作品的总索引。
Author and subject indexes are available on a library database. 作者索引和学科索引可在图书馆的数据库中找到。
There's even a special subject index. 甚至有一个专项索引。
All publications are indexed by subject and title. 所有出版物都按学科和名称编索引。
This vast archive has been indexed and made accessible to researchers. 这个存量巨大的档案室的所有文件都已编了索引,可供研究人员使用。
Painters and sculptors are indexed separately. 画家和雕刻家被分开，分别做了索引。
a general index calculated from death and population information 根据死亡人数和人口信息计算出来的一个综合指数 
cost-of-living, market, price index 生活费用指数；市场指数；价格指数 
the consumer price index（尤美）消费者价格指数 
the retail price index（英）零售价格指数 
commodity, futures, share, stock, stock-market index 商品指数；期货指数；股票指数；股票市场指数 
Dow Jones, FT-SE 100 index 道琼斯指数；富时100指数 
dollar, sterling index 美元指数；英镑指数 
Those who lived in the inner cities had a high index of deprivation. 生活在市中心的居民贫困指数很高。
The retail price index is published monthly. 零售价格指数每月发布一次。
A wave of frenzied buying pushed the index up 136.2 points. 一股抢购风潮将指数推高了136.2点。
Most commodity funds track a specific commodity index. 多数商品基金都会跟踪某种具体的商品价格指数。
The NYSE Financial index gained 20%. 纽约证券交易所金融指数上涨了20%。
The commodities index fell 3.1%. 商品价格指数下降了3.1%。
an index designed to measure monthly changes in the volume of industrial production 用于衡量工业产量变化的指数 
The Morgan Stanley Cyclical index posted a small advance. 摩根士丹利循环指数出现小幅上升。
an index based on incidents causing a loss of production 以导致产量下降的事件为基础的指数 
The increase in our standard rates will be linked to the retail price index. 我们的标准价格的涨幅将与零售价格指数挂钩。
index-linked pensions（英）与物价指数挂钩的养老金 
an index covering some 1,700 companies 涵盖约1,700家公司的指数 
The hundred shares index closed down 15 points. 百种股票综合指数收盘时下跌了15点。
dividends on shares in the index 指数成分股的股息 
The company is listed on the Nasdaq technology stocks index. 该公司被列入纳斯达克科技股指数成分股。
a 28.2 point drop in the FT-SE 100 index 富时100指数下跌28.2点 
Inflation, as measured by the retail price index, is expected to drop. 正如零售价格指数所显示的，通货膨胀率预期下降。
body mass index（缩写为BMI）体重指数 
glycaemic/glycemic index（缩写为GI）血糖指数 
refractive index 屈光率指数 
The number of new houses being built is a good index of a country's prosperity. 新建房屋的数目是国家繁荣的一个有用指标。
Weeds are an index to the character of the soil. 杂草是反映土壤特征的一个指标。
The test results were used as an index of language proficiency. 考试结果被用作衡量语言水平的指标。

vt. 要求拥有、索取、认领某事物（因为索要者认为自己在法律上有权拥有此事物）:
vt.&vi. 向政府或公司索要金钱（因为索要者有权这样做）:
n. 1 [C, U] ~ (on/to sth) 对某事物（尤指对财产、土地等）要求拥有的所有权:
2 [C] ~ (for sth) 向…（尤指向公司、政府等）提出的钱款索求:
vt. 赢得、获得、达成（纪录、冠军、奖励等）:
vt. 引起某人的注意:
vt.（战争、疾病、灾难、事故等）导致某人的死亡:
vt. 宣称、声称、断言（某事是真的，但尚未经过证明，别人可能不相信）:
n. [C] ~ (that…) 宣称、声称、断言（某事是真的，但尚未经过证明，别人可能不相信）:
vt. 赢得（冠军、奖励等）:
claim |[kleɪm]
A lot of lost property is never claimed. 许多失物从未被认领。
He claimed political asylum. 他要求政治避难。
Now they are returning to claim what was theirs. 如今他们回来索取本属于他们的东西。
An underground organisation has claimed responsibility for the bomb explosion. 一个地下组织已经声称对这起炸弹爆炸事件负责。
He was too modest to claim the credit. 他太谦逊，不愿意邀功。
He's not entitled to claim unemployment benefit. 他无权要求领取失业救济金。
She claimed damages from the company for the injury she had suffered. 她因受伤向公司要求获得损害赔偿金。
You could have claimed the cost of the hotel room from your insurance. 你本可以从你的保险中索取旅馆住房费。
You can claim on your insurance for that coat you left on the train. 你可按你的保险索赔你遗忘在火车上的大衣。
Some 25 per cent of the people who are entitled to claim State benefits do not do so. 有权申领政府补贴的人当中，约有25%没有提出申请。
John had taken out redundancy insurance but when he tried to claim, he was refused payment. 约翰办理过失业保险，可是当他去索赔时却遭拒付。
The union claimed a pay rise worth four times the rate of inflation. 工会要求按照通货膨胀率的4倍提高工资。
You can claim back some of the cost of your treatment. 你可以追索部分治疗费用。
You might be entitled to claim compensation if you are injured at work. 如果受了工伤，你可能有权要求赔偿。
Can't you claim on your insurance? 你不能要求保险赔偿吗？
They had no claim on the land. 他们无权索要那块土地。
Rival claims to Macedonian territory caused conflict in the Balkans. 多方主张拥有对马其顿的领土主权，结果在巴尔干地区引发了冲突。
Five Asian countries lay claim to the islands. 五个亚洲国家声称对那些岛屿拥有主权。
competing claims for public money 竞相申用公款的请求 
She had a prior claim on his affections. 她有权优先得到他的疼爱。
moral claim 道德上的权利诉求 
territorial claim 领土要求 
Four men laid claim to leadership of the country. 四人声称有权领导这个国家。
to stake a claim to some of the prize money 索要部分奖金 
You will have to prove your claim to the property in a court of law. 你必须在法庭上证明你对这项财产拥有所有权。
His children have a claim on his estate. 他的子女对他的地产拥有所有权。
She renounced her claim to the property. 她放弃了对这套房产的拥有权。
She has more claim to the book's success than anybody (= she deserves to be praised for it). 她为这本书的成功立了头功。
She'd no claims on him now. 现在他不欠她什么了。
He was surrounded by people, all with claims on his attention. 他被人们团团围住，个个都要他把注意力放在自己身上。
to put in a claim for an allowance 提出领取津贴的要求 
a claim for £2 000 要求2 000英镑的索赔 
Make sure your claims for expenses are submitted by the end of the month. 你的费用一定要在月底以前办理报销。
a three per cent pay claim 提高工资3%的要求 
legal, legitimate claim 法律诉求；合法诉求 
Police are investigating fraudulent claims for fire damage. 警方正在调查欺诈性的火灾索赔。
accident, compensation, damage（尤美）, damages（英）, insurance, medical（尤美）, pay, wage（尤英）claim 事故索赔；赔偿要求；损失索赔；保险索赔；医疗费索赔；报酬要求；工资要求 
discrimination, harassment, malpractice（尤美）claim 歧视索赔；骚扰索赔；渎职索赔 
to file a civil claim for damages 提出民事索赔 
She brought a claim for damages against the company. 她向公司提出赔偿损失的要求。
His claim for compensation was upheld in court. 他的索赔要求得到了法庭支持。
We will need extra funds to meet all the insurance claims. 我们需要更多资金来支付所有保险索赔。
claims arising out of accidents at work 工作事故导致的索赔 
The claim failed because the company had not been misled. 索赔主张没有得到支持，因为公司并没有受到误导。
claim form 索赔单 
claims adjuster（美）（保险公司的）理赔员 
claims payment 索赔支付款 
claims against the company for breach of contract 因公司违反合同而对其提出的索赔 
a claim for compensation 赔偿损失的主张 
to make a claim on your insurance policy 依据保险单提出的索赔主张 
I have many claims on my time. 我繁务缠身。
She has finally claimed a place on the team. 她终于成了那支队的队员。
Zhuang claimed the record in 54.64 seconds. 庄创下了54.64秒的纪录。
Steffi Graf claimed a fourth Wimbledon title in 1992. 施特菲·格拉芙于1992年第4次赢得温布尔登桂冠。
A most unwelcome event claimed his attention. 一件最讨厌的事情需要他去考虑。
There is already a long list of people claiming her attention. 需要她关注的人已经很多了。
The car crash claimed three lives. 那次撞车事故导致三人死亡。
The civil war claimed the life of a U.N. interpreter yesterday. 昨天，内战夺去了一位联合国译员的生命。
Heart disease is the biggest killer, claiming 180,000 lives a year. 心脏病是头号杀手，每年夺去18万条生命。
He claims (that) he was not given a fair hearing. 他声称他未得到公正的申述机会。
Scientists are claiming a major breakthrough in the fight against cancer. 科学家们宣称攻克癌症已有重大的突破。
It was claimed that some doctors were working 80 hours a week. 据说有些医生每周工作80小时。
He claimed that it was all a conspiracy against him. 他声称这一切都是一场针对他的阴谋。
The company had falsely claimed that its products were biodegradable. 公司谎称其产品可生物降解。
He tried to claim that he had acted in self-defence. 他极力宣称自己是自卫。
I don't claim to be an expert. 我不敢自称为专家。
A man claiming to be a journalist threatened to reveal details about her private life. 一个自称是记者的人威胁要公开有关她的私生活的细节。
The singer has denied the magazine's claim that she is leaving the band. 这名歌手已否认那家杂志有关她要离开乐队的说法。
He repeated his claim that the people of Trinidad and Tobago backed his action. 他再次声称，特立尼达和多巴哥的人民支持他的行动。
He rejected claims that he had affairs with six women. 他拒不承认他和六个女人有染的说法。
There are conflicting claims about the cause of the fire. 关于失火的原因有一些矛盾的说法。
the central claim of the book 该书的中心论断 
The company had made false claims about its products. 公司对其产品的表述不实。
I make no claim to understand modern art. 我没有说过自己理解现代艺术。
We have heard claims like this many times before. 我们以前听到过很多次这样的说法。
They accepted her claim that she had been ill-treated. 他们相信了她受过虐待的说法。
Claims of a cover-up were dismissed. 声称有人掩盖真相的种种说法未被采纳。
They were able to produce witnesses to support their claim. 他们能够提供证人来支持自己的说法。
to investigate claims about appalling prison conditions 调查有关监狱条件极端恶劣的说法 
Claims of corruption within the police force were denied. 警察内部腐败的说法遭到了否认。
Steffi Graf claimed a fourth Wimbledon title in 1992. 施特菲·格拉芙于1992年第4次赢得温布尔登桂冠。          

vt. [正式] 包括、包含（一群人、事物、思想等）:
vt.&vi. [正式] 拥抱某人（以表达爱意或友谊）:
n. [C] 拥抱:
vt. [正式] 接受一个想法、主意、建议、观点、政治体制、信仰等，尤指热情地接受:
embrace |[ɪmˈbreɪs]
The talks embraced a wide range of issues. 这些谈话涉及的问题非常广泛。
a theory that would embrace the whole field of human endeavour. 将囊括人类活动的各个领域的理论
They embraced and promised to keep in touch. 他们互相拥抱，许诺将保持联系。
She embraced her son warmly. 她热情地拥抱儿子。
Penelope came forward and embraced her sister. 佩内洛普走上前拥抱了她妹妹。
At first people were sort of crying for joy and embracing each other. 起初人们几乎是喜极而泣，并互相拥抱。
the comfort of her warm embrace 她热情的拥抱带来的慰藉 
They were locked in a passionate embrace on the station platform. 他们在火车站站台上激情地紧紧相拥。
He closed his eyes and tightened his embrace. 他闭上眼睛，抱得更紧了。
She would give anything just to feel his warm embrace again. 为了能再次感受他热情的拥抱，她愿意付出一切。
The two friends shared one last embrace. 两个朋友最后一次拥抱在一起。
She accepted his warm embrace. 她接受了他热情的拥抱。
return embrace（尤美）回以拥抱 
He returned the embrace for a moment. 他回以片刻的拥抱。
He managed to free himself from her embrace. 他从她的拥抱中挣脱了出来。
He released her from his embrace. 他不再拥抱着她。
two lovers in a tight embrace 紧紧相拥的一对情侣 
He drew her into his embrace. 他拥她入怀。
to embrace democracy, to embrace feminism, to embrace Islam 信奉民主；信奉男女平等主义；信奉伊斯兰教 
the only party which fully embraces the concept of a united Europe 真心接受“一个统一的欧洲”这个概念的唯一政党 
widely embrace（尤美）广泛接受 
Soccer has become more widely embraced by Americans. 足球已更加普遍地为美国人所接受。
She embraced the feminist cause with enthusiasm. 她热烈地响应女权运动。
He embraces the new information age. 他迎接新的信息时代的到来。
The new rules have been embraced by government watchdog organizations. 政府监察机构已经欣然接受了这些新规则。

arousing or likely to arouse envy:arousing或可能引起嫉妒
enviable |ˈɛnvɪəbl| Adjective/:,羡慕的
the firm is in the enviable position of having a full order book:该公司处于拥有完整订单簿的令人羡慕的位置

n. [C] 女士穿的一件衬衫一样的衣服，即女衬衫，女式短上衣:
blouse |[blaʊz]
long-sleeved, short-sleeved, sleeveless blouse 长袖女衬衫；短袖女衬衫；无袖女衬衫 
high-necked, low-cut blouse 高领女衬衫；低胸女衬衫 
loose, tight blouse 宽松女衬衫；紧身女衬衫 
cotton blouse 棉质女衬衫 
school blouse 女衬衫校服 
peasant blouse 村姑衫

vt. deliver sb (from sth) 过时用法，指将某人从…中拯救出来，相当于save:
vt. 投掷，瞄准或对准…:
vt.＆vi. deliver (on sth) 履行诺言，或不负别人对你的期望:
vt. 发表演说，或做出其他正式陈述。在个别语境中也可翻译为“宣布”，但不具有代表性，只是偶尔的一种用法:
vt.＆vi. deliver (sth) (to sb/sth)（将信息等）发送（至某地或交由某人）:
vt. deliver sb/sth (up/over) (to sb) 正式用法，指将…交由某人控制:
vt. 1 deliver a baby 接生，助产:
2 be delivered of a baby 正式用法，指生孩子，分娩:
vt.＆vi. deliver (sth) (to sb/sth)（将信件、包裹等）投递到某地或投递给某人:
vt.＆vi. deliver (sth) (to sb/sth)（将货物、信件、人等）递送或运载（至某地）:
deliver |[dɪ'lɪvə]
He delivered the blow (= hit sb hard) with all his force. 他打这一下使出了全身力气。
He has promised to finish the job by June and I am sure he will deliver. 他答应到六月份完成这项工作，我相信他会履行诺言。
She always delivers on her promises. 她总是信守诺言。
If you can’t deliver improved sales figures, you’re fired. 如果你不能按照要求提高销售额，就会被解雇。
The team delivered a stunning victory last night. 昨晚这个队不负众望，大获全胜。
products that deliver on customer expectations 达到顾客期望值的产品
to deliver a lecture 发表演讲 
He delivered his lines confidently. 他沉着地说了他的台词。
The jury delivered its verdict. 陪审团宣布了裁决。
Online training sessions are delivered directly to your desktop. 在线培训课程直接传送到你的台式电脑上。
They delivered their prisoner over to the invading army. 他们把俘虏交给了侵略军。
The baby was delivered by Caesarean section. 这个婴儿是剖腹产下的。
She was delivered of a healthy boy. 她生下一个健康的男孩儿。
The baby was delivered safely on Tuesday night. 婴儿在星期二晚上安全地生了下来。
Leaflets have been delivered to every household. 传单已发送到每家每户。
The letter was delivered to his office. 那封信送到了他的办公室。
messages delivered via email 通过电子邮件发送的信息 
Leaflets have been delivered to every household. 传单已发到每家每户。
to deliver goods 送货 
The package had been delivered by hand. 这件包裹是由专人递送的。
messages delivered via email 通过电子邮件发送的信息 

n. 1 [U, C] 运动的节奏:
2 [U, C] 变化的节奏（即有规律的变化）；事件的节奏:
n. [U, C] 声音的节奏、韵律:
rhythm |[ˈrɪðəm]
The boat rocked up and down in rhythm with the sea. 小船随着海浪起伏有致。
the rhythm of her breathing 她的呼吸节奏 
cardiac, heart rhythm 心跳的节奏 
the steady rhythm of his heartbeat 他有规律的心跳 
a dancer with a natural sense of rhythm (= the ability to move in time to a fixed beat) 天生节奏感很强的舞蹈者 
Her feet made a steady rhythm on the pavement. 她步伐平稳地走着。
There's rhythm in her movements. 她的动作很有韵律感。
the rhythm of the seasons 四季的更迭 
The movie follows the rhythms of a year on the farm. 这部电影捕捉了农场中一年四季里有规律的变化。
circadian rhythm（每24小时人或动物体内变化的）昼夜节律 
natural rhythm of life 生命的自然节律 
biological rhythms 生物节律 
My body rhythms had not yet adapted to the ten-hour time difference. 我的生理节律还没有适应十小时的时差。
changes to our daily rhythms 我们日常生活节奏的变化 
She soon settled into a regular rhythm. 她很快形成了一种有规律的节奏。
Tidying the house in the morning fell into an easy rhythm. 早晨清理房子已成为一种节奏轻快的活儿了。
Williams is having trouble finding her rhythm on the serve. 威廉姆斯找不着发球的节奏。
Try to disrupt your opponent's rhythm. 想办法打乱你对手的节奏。
to dance to the rhythm of the music 随着音乐的节奏跳舞 
Clap to the rhythm of the music. 跟着音乐的节奏鼓掌。
He was snapping his fingers in rhythm. 他在有节奏地打响指。
I found myself swaying to the rhythm of the music. 我发觉自己正随着音乐的节奏摇摆。
I like music with a good rhythm. 我喜欢节奏悦耳的音乐。
a sense of rhythm 节奏感 
African, dance, Latin, reggae, samba rhythm 非洲音乐的节奏；舞蹈节奏；拉丁音乐节奏；雷鬼音乐的节奏；桑巴舞曲的节奏 
jazz rhythms 爵士乐的节奏 
music with a fast rhythm 节奏快的音乐 
abnormal, irregular, staccato rhythm 不正常的节奏；不规则的节奏；不连贯的节奏 
hypnotic rhythm 令人昏昏欲睡的节奏 
the band's rhythm section 乐队的节奏乐器组 
He can't seem to play in rhythm. 他的演奏好像不合节拍。
Her pencil tapped out a staccato rhythm on the desk top. 她用铅笔断断续续地敲着桌面。

n. [C, U]（常构成复合词）密码:
vt. 把信息译成密码:
n. 1 [C] 有某种含义的一个信号体系:
2 [C] 邮政编码；电话的区号:
vt. 为…编码（以进行分类）:
n. [C] 为社会或群体所接纳的道德准则或行为规范:
There is an unwritten code that says 'Do not date your best friend's ex'. 有一条不成文的准则:
vt. [计算机] 编程序、编码:
n. [U] [计算机] 编码:
n. [C] 国家或大型机构的法典；法规:
code |[kəʊd;美koʊd]
to break/crack a code 破译密码 
It's written in code. 那是用密码写的。
Tap your code number into the machine. 把你的密码数字输入机器。
They used elaborate secret codes, as when the names of trees stood for letters. 他们使用了复杂的暗号，比如用树的名称代表字母。
secret code 密码 
Morse code 摩斯密码 
code word, code name, code phrase（情报人员、任务或工程项目的）代号 
All the messages were in code. 所有信息都用了密码。
bar, charge（英）code 条形码；价格码 
security code 安全码 
DNA, genetic code 脱氧核糖核酸编码；基因码 
It will need different microchips to reconvert the digital code back into normal TV signals. 把数字信号重新转换回通常的电视信号需要另外的微芯片。
If you can't remember your number, write it in code in a diary. 如果记不住自己的号码，可以用代码记在日记簿里。
post code（通常用postcode）（英）邮编 
postal code（英）邮编 
zip code（美）邮编 
area（尤美）, dialling（英）code 电话的区号
Each order is coded separately. 每份订单都单独编号。
The machines were coded so we could tell them apart. 机器都编了号，便于我们区分。
He devised a way of coding every statement uniquely. 他设计了一种把每句话进行独特编码的方法。
ethical, moral, professional code 道德规范；职业规范 
dress code 着装规定 
a code of behaviour/conduct 行为守则 
a code of ethics 道德规范 
a code of honour 礼仪准则 
The profession has a strict code of practice. 该职业有一套严格的行业守则。
binary code (= a system of computer programming instructions) 二进制编码 
executable, HTML, source code 可执行文件代码；超文本标记语言代码；源代码 
malicious code 恶意代码 
error code（计算机上的）错误代码 
code generator 编码发生器；编码生成程序              
civil, criminal, disciplinary, penal, tax code 民法典；刑法典；纪律规章；税则 
the Highway Code (= the official rules for users of public roads in Britain)（英国）《公路法规》
Article 159 of the Turkish Penal Code.《土耳其刑法法典》第159条 
local building codes 地方建筑法规

n. 1 [C] [商业] ~ (in/of/on sth) 垄断；专营服务；被垄断的商品（或服务）:
2 [usually sing.] ~ in/of/on sth（对某事物的）独占、独自使用；只属于一个人（或一个群体）:
n. [C] “大富翁”游戏（是一种棋类游戏，游戏者以玩具钞票买卖房地产）:
n. [C] [商业] 垄断企业、专卖者:
monopoly |[məˈnɒpəli;美məˈnɑ:p-]
government, state monopoly 政府垄断；国家专营 
local, national monopoly 地方的垄断；全国范围的垄断 
The company has a virtual monopoly in world markets. 这家公司实际上垄断着国际市场。
companies who are challenging the state monopolies 挑战国家垄断地位的那些公司 
attempts to break the company's monopoly of the sugar industry 打破该公司在食糖业垄断地位的种种努力 
The company was able to exploit its monopoly position. 这家公司得以利用其垄断地位。
monopoly power 垄断势力 
The company used its monopoly control to charge exorbitant fees. 该公司利用其垄断控制地位收取畸高的费用。
They created a monopoly in the export of wool.他们垄断了羊毛出口。
One company holds a monopoly of the raw materials. 一家公司垄断着原材料。
The company lost its monopoly on exporting beer to India. 这家公司失去了向印度出口啤酒的专营权。
They will fight to maintain their monopoly over local bus services. 他们会拼命维护在当地公交行业的垄断地位。
Russian moves to end a state monopoly on land ownership 俄国人采取的终止国家垄断土地所有权的措施 
the governing party's monopoly over the media 执政党对媒体的垄断 
In the past central government had a monopoly on television broadcasting. 过去，中央政府对电视节目播放实行垄断。
Electricity, gas and water were considered to be natural monopolies. 电、煤气和水垄断经营过去被认为是理所当然的。
Water is a natural monopoly. 供水是自然垄断行业。
Managers do not have a monopoly on stress. 并不只是经营管理者有压力。
A good education should not be the monopoly of the rich. 良好的教育不应该成为富人的专利。
Women do not have a monopoly on feelings of betrayal. 被出卖的感觉并非只有女性才有。
public, state, state-controlled, state-owned monopoly 国家垄断组织；国有垄断组织 
the privatization of state-owned monopolies such as the gas and electricity industries 煤气、电力等国有垄断行业的私有化 
giant, powerful monopoly 垄断巨头；势力强大的垄断组织 
private monopoly 私人垄断组织 
statutory monopoly 合法的垄断组织 
gas, oil monopoly 天然气垄断企业；原油垄断企业 
the giant gas monopoly Gazprom 天然气垄断巨头俄罗斯天然气工业股份公司 
media monopoly 媒体垄断组织
