interfere					插手，干涉，妨碍
contestant					参赛者，对手
ridiculous					可笑的，荒唐的
glamorous					富有魅力的
mall						购物中心
chronically					长期的，严重的
prolonged					持久的，长期的
symptom					症状，征兆
compelling					引人入胜的，令人信服的
immensely					极其
species					种
battle					战斗，斗争
conflict					冲突
permeate					渗透，散布
erroneous					错误的
compartment					车厢，隔间
metropolitan				大都市的，本土的
grip						抓牢，控制
crush						压坏，压碎，挤，热恋
lemon crush					柠檬汁
prior						在先的，优先的
formula					惯用语句，方案
formulae					公式，配方
inescapable					必然的，不可逃避的
skeptical					怀疑的
harness					保护带，利用
destination					目的地
vocational					职业的
density					密度
variance					不同，分歧
landmark					地标，里程碑
linger					逗留，留存
\\\\\\\\

vt. ~ (in sth) 干涉、干预、插手、介入（某事）:
vt. ~ with sth 妨碍一个活动或进程:
interfere |[ˌɪntəˈfɪə(r);美ˌɪntərˈfɪr]
They have no right to interfere in the internal affairs of other countries. 他们无权干涉别国内政。outsiders interfering in local politics 干涉当地政务的外来人 
The police are very unwilling to interfere in family problems. 警方很不情愿插手家庭问题。
The judge cannot interfere directly in these proceedings. 法官不能直接干预这些诉讼程序。
The courts are reluctant to interfere in these matters. 法院不愿干预这些事情。
I wish my mother would stop interfering and let me make my own decisions. 我希望我母亲不再干预，让我自己拿主意。
I wish everyone would stop interfering and just leave me alone. 我希望大家都别再来干涉我，让我一个人静一静。
Why was he constantly interfering in her life? 他为什么老是干扰她的生活？
If you try and interfere in my life, I'll leave. 如果你试图干涉我的生活，我就离开。
Emotional problems can seriously interfere with a student's work. 情感问题会严重干扰学生的学业。
You mustn't interfere with her work. 你绝不可以干扰她的工作。
She never allows her personal feelings to interfere with her work. 她从不让她的个人感情妨碍工作。
Alexander wasn't going to let a lack of space interfere with his plans. 亚历山大不会让空间不够的问题妨碍他的计划。

a person who takes part in a contest or competition:参加比赛或比赛的人
contestant |kənˈtɛst(ə)nt| Noun/:选手,参赛者
an anxious contestant on a television quiz show:电视问答节目中焦虑的参赛者

adj. 非常愚蠢或不合理的，荒缪的，荒唐的，相当于absurd或ludicrous。但在口语中ridiculous远比absurd常用:
ridiculous |[rɪ'dɪkjələs]
I look ridiculous in this hat. 我戴这顶帽子看上去很可笑。
Don’t be ridiculous! You can’t pay £50 for a T-shirt! 别犯傻了！怎么能花50英镑买一件T恤衫！
a sense of the ridiculous（尤英）荒唐感

adj. 特别富有魅力且令人激动的（同时不同于一般的人或事物）:
glamorous |[ˈglæmərəs]
glamorous movie stars 富有魅力的影星 
some of the world's most beautiful and glamorous women 全世界最漂亮迷人的一些女性 
a glamorous job 令人向往的工作 
The south coast is less glamorous but full of clean and attractive hotels. 南海岸魅力稍逊，但却有很多干净漂亮的宾馆。
Canoeing is not seen as glamorous in the way that skiing is. 人们认为划独木舟不如滑雪刺激。
Working in publishing turned out to be less than glamorous.（less than尤为英式用法）（美式尤用not exactly）事实证明在出版界工作远不是件有趣的事。               

n. [C] [尤美] 封闭式的大型购物区，即商场。相当于shopping mall:
mall |[mɔ:l;BritishEnglishalsomæl]
Let's go to the mall. 我们去商场吧。
shopping mall 购物中心 
strip mall（美）（位于商业街的）小型购物中心 
outlet mall 品牌特价购物中心 
suburban mall 郊区商城 
local, regional mall 当地购物中心；地区购物中心 
indoor, outdoor mall 室内商城；露天商城 
pedestrian mall（美）商业步行街 
The website is a virtual shopping mall. 这个网站是一家虚拟商城。
They hit the mall for a wild shopping spree. 他们去商城疯狂购物。
teenagers hanging out at the mall 一在商城闲逛的青少年 
mall store 购物中心的商店 
mall parking lot（美）商城停车场 
mall food court 商城美食区 
mall rat (= a young person who spends a lot of time in malls with their friends）（美，非正式）爱逛商城的年轻人 
mall security, mall security guard 商城安保部门；商城保安 
They reported him to mall security. 他们向商城安保部门举报了他。
They spend a lot of time at the mall. 他们花很多时间逛商场。

(in relation to illness) in a persistent and recurring way:（与疾病有关）以持续和反复出现的方式
in a long-lasting or habitual and problematic way:以一种持久的或习惯性的和有问题的方式
to a very great extent, extremely:在很大程度上，非常
chronically |ˈkrɒnɪk(ə)li| Adverb/:长期地,慢性地
families dealing with a chronically ill child:families处理一个患有慢性病的孩子
the office is chronically understaffed:办公室长期人手不足
chronically stupid drivers:长期愚蠢的司机

adj. 持续很长时间的:
prolonged |[prəˈlɒŋd;美-ˈlɔ:ŋd;-ˈlɑ:ŋd]
a prolonged illness 长期的病 
a prolonged drought 长期的干旱 
to avoid prolonged exposure to sunlight 避免长期曝露于日光下 
a prolonged period of low interest rates 长期的低利率

n. [C] 某事（尤指坏事）的征兆:
n. [C]（疾病的）症状，症候，通常用symptoms:
symptom |['sɪmptəm]
It is just a symptom of a larger problem. 这只是一个更大问题的征兆。
The unemployment issue is just one symptom of the poor state of the economy. 失业问题不过是经济不景气的一个征兆。
Symptoms include a headache and fever. 症状包括头痛和发热。
typical, common symptoms 典型症状；常见症状 
clinical symptoms 临床症状 
mild symptoms 轻微的症状 
respiratory symptoms 呼吸系统症状 
allergic, asthma, flu, menopausal symptoms 过敏症状；哮喘症状；流感症状；更年期症状 
depressive symptoms 抑郁症症状 
If symptoms do not improve after a week, see your doctor. 一周后如果症状不见改善，请就医。

adj. 引人入胜的、扣人心弦的:
adj. 令人信服的、有说服力的:
adj.（某人的需要、欲望等）非常强烈的、不可抗拒的:
compelling |[kəmˈpelɪŋ]
Her latest book makes compelling reading. 她新出的书读起来扣人心弦。
a frighteningly violent yet compelling film 有可怕的暴力镜头但却引人入胜的电影 
Her eyes were her best feature, wide-set and compelling. 她的眼睛是她五官中长得最好的，大而迷人。
There is no compelling reason to believe him. 没有令人信服的理由让人相信他。
compelling evidence 有说服力的证据 
Factual and forensic evidence makes a suicide verdict the most compelling answer to the mystery of his death. 事实证据和法庭证据使得自杀成为解开他死因之谜的最令人信服的答案。
My second and more compelling reason for going to Dearborn was to see the Henry Ford Museum. 我去迪尔伯恩的第二个原因，也是更令人信服的原因,是为了参观亨利·福特博物馆。
There is no logically compelling argument to support their claims. 没有任何逻辑上有说服力的证据来支持他们的说法。
compelling need, compelling desire 非常强烈的需要；非常强烈的欲望

to a great extent, extremely:很大程度上，非常
immensely |ɪˈmɛnsli| Adverb/:非常,极大地

n. [C]（动植物的）物种、种:
species |[ˈspi:ʃi:z]
a rare species of beetle 一种稀有甲虫 
There are many species of dog(s). 狗有许多种。
a conservation area for endangered species 濒危物种保护区 
Pandas are an endangered species. 熊猫是濒危物种。
There are several thousand species of trees here. 这里有几千种树。
the threat posed by non-native invasive species 非本地物种入侵带来的威胁 
The area is rich in different plant species. 该地区植物物种丰富。
the development of the human species 人类的进化 
Similar species of fish occur in Mongolia. 相似的鱼类物种在蒙古出现。
a native species of fish 一种本地鱼 
a member of a species 物种成员 
animal, bird, insect, mammal, tree species 动物物种；鸟类物种；昆虫物种；哺乳类物种；树木物种

vt.＆vi. battle (with/against sb/sth) 努力去做成困难的事，或与坏事或危险的事作斗争:
n. 1 [C] battle (with sb) (for sth) 不同的人或团体之间为赢得权力或控制权所进行的竞争、争论、争斗、较量:
2 [C] battle (against/for sth) 常用单数，指某人为解决一个难题或在一种艰难处境中获得成功所做出的一种坚决的努力，即奋斗，斗争:
n. [C] 争论:
n. [C, U]（尤指战争期间的）军事战斗，是“战斗”的常规用词。如果一场battle在原文中是战争双方主力所进行的一定范围内的一场决战，此时汉语中也可翻译为“会战”。但要注意，不要轻易将其翻译为“战役”，因为汉语中的“战役”一词，实际上包含了一系列相互关联的战斗:
n. [C, U] 群体间的暴力搏斗:
battle |['bætl]
The child battled bravely for her life. 这个小女孩为了活下去而勇敢地抗争。
He battled with cancer for many months. 他与癌症斗争了好多个月。
Doctors battled in vain to save his life. 医生们奋力挽救他的生命，但没有成功。
factions battling for control of the party 为争夺党的控制权而进行斗争的派别 
We battled through the snowstorm. 我们在暴风雪中挣扎。
He battled his way to the bar. 他费力地走向吧台。
Competitors battled it out against the clock. 参赛选手为了夺取胜利而争分夺秒。
a heated battle between the oil industry and environmentalists 石油行业和环保主义者之间的激烈斗争 
There’s now a real battle at the top of the First Division. 现在甲级队前几名之间要有一番龙争虎斗。
political battle 政治较量 
custody, legal battle 监护权之争；法律斗争 
a battle of ideas, a battle of words 思想交锋；舌战 
a battle of wills, a battle of wits 意志的较量；智慧的较量 
her long battle against cancer 她同癌症的长期斗争 
to fight an uphill battle against prejudice 同偏见作艰苦斗争 
a battle for survival 一场生死斗 
My parents believed in leaving me to fight my own battles. 我父母认为应该让我自己去打拼。
a battle of ideas, a battle of words 思想交锋；舌战 
bloody battle 血战 
fierce battle 激战 
to fight a pitched battle on a plain 在平原上展开激战 
climactic battle 高潮之战 
land, naval, sea battle 陆战；海战 
the coming battle 即将到来的战斗 
to be sent into battle 被送上战场 
the Battle of Waterloo 滑铁卢战役 
He died in battle. 他在战斗中阵亡了。
gun battle 枪战 
turf battle（尤美）地盘之争 
Scores of people have been hurt in running battles with police. 很多人在与警方的持续冲突中受伤。

n. [C] 观点、想法、感情、意愿等事物之间的抵触、冲突、矛盾，难以抉择的情况:
vi. conflict (with sth) 两种观点、信念、说法等相冲突，矛盾，与clash同义:
conflict (over sth) 人、群体或国家之间的冲突、争执、分歧。是“冲突”的常规用词:
n. [C] 军事冲突:
conflict |['kɒnflɪkt]
a conflict between love and duty 爱情与责任之间的矛盾 
Her diary was a record of her inner conflict. 她的日记记录了她内心的矛盾。
emotional, ideological conflict 情感上的分歧；意识形态上的分歧 
in direct conflict with his wishes 与他的愿望截然相反 
the conflict between science and religion 科学和宗教之间的矛盾 
a serious conflict of opinion 观点上的严重分歧
conflicting emotions, conflicting interests, conflicting values 相互矛盾的感情；相互冲突的利益；相互冲突的价值观 
These results conflict with earlier findings. 这些结果与早期的发现相矛盾。
His opinions conflicted with mine. 他的看法与我的相左。
international, regional conflict 国际冲突；地区冲突 
family, generational conflict 家庭内的矛盾；不同年代人之间的矛盾 
class, cultural, ethnic, political, religious conflict 阶级冲突；文化冲突；族群冲突；政治冲突；宗教冲突 
a conflict of interest 利益冲突 
John often comes into conflict with his boss. 约翰经常和他的老板发生争执。
a conflict over ownership of the land 就土地所有权问题产生的争执 
the inherent conflict between what farmers and environmentalists want 农民的需求与环保主义者的愿望之间固有的矛盾
armed, military conflict 武装冲突；军事冲突

vt.&vi. [正式]（液体、气体、气味等）扩散、弥漫、渗透到一个物体或地方的各个部分:
vt.&vi. [正式]（气体、气味等）扩散、弥漫到一个物体或地方的各个部分:
vt.&vi. [正式]（思想、感情、态度、影响等）影响某事物的各个部分，即感染、传播、扩散:
permeate |[ˈpɜ:mieɪt;美ˈpɜ:rm-]
rainwater permeating through the ground 渗入地下的雨水 
Eventually, the water will permeate through the surrounding concrete. 最终，水会渗透进周围的混凝土中。
The smell of leather permeated the room. 屋子里弥漫着皮革的气味。
The smell of roast beef permeated the air. 空气中弥漫着烤牛肉的香味。
The smell of leather permeated the room. 屋子里弥漫着皮革的气味。
The smell of roast beef permeated the air. 空气中弥漫着烤牛肉的香味。
a belief that permeates all levels of society 深入社会各阶层的一种信念 
Dissatisfaction among the managers soon permeated down to members of the workforce. 管理人员的不满情绪很快传染给了全体职工。
Bias against women permeates every level of the judicial system. 司法体制中各个层面都有歧视女性的现象。
An obvious change of attitude at the top will permeate through the system. 上级态度的明显改变将影响到整个体制。
Technology permeates the whole of our lives. 技术渗透进我们生活的方方面面。

adj. [正式] 错误的；基于错误信息的:
erroneous |[ɪˈrəʊniəs;美ɪˈroʊ-]
erroneous assumptions 错误的假设 
They have arrived at some erroneous conclusions. 他们得出了一些错误的结论。
erroneous idea 错误的想法 
erroneous impression 错误的印象 
erroneous interpretation 错误的解释 
erroneous belief 错信 
Some people have the erroneous notion that one can contract AIDS by giving blood. 一些人错误地认为献血会让人感染艾滋病。

n. [C]（家具或设备等的）分隔间，隔层（用于储存…）:
n. [C]（铁路客车车厢分隔成的）隔间:
compartment |[kəmˈpɑ:tmənt;美-ˈpɑ:rt-]
The desk has a secret compartment. 这书桌有一个暗格。
There is a handy storage compartment beneath the oven. 在烤箱的下面有一个便利的橱柜。
I put a bottle of champagne in the freezer compartment. 我把一瓶香槟放进冷冻室。
the secret compartment of my jewel box 我的珠宝盒的暗格 
battery, glove compartment 电池箱；（汽车仪表板上放小物件的）储物箱 
Your sunglasses are in the glove compartment. 你的太阳镜在储物箱里。
overhead compartment 头顶上方的行李箱 
watertight compartment 防水的隔层 
The case is divided into four separate compartments. 这个箱子分四个隔层。
On the way home we shared our first-class compartment with a group of businessmen. 回家的路上，我们和一群生意人一起坐在一等车厢。
non-smoking, smoking compartment 无烟车厢；吸烟车厢 
baggage（尤美）, luggage（尤英）行李车厢 
driver's, passenger compartment 驾驶间；乘客车厢 
sleeping compartment 卧铺车厢

adj. [只用于名词前] 只与一国的本土（而非与该国控制的世界上的其它地区）有关的，即本土的:
adj. [只用于名词前] [美式也可用非正式的metro] 大城市的、大都会的:
n. [C]（东正教和天主教的）大主教:
metropolitan |[ˌmetrəˈpɒlɪtən;美-ˈpɑ:l-]
metropolitan France, metropolitan Spain 法国本土；西班牙本土
the New York metropolitan area 纽约市区 
the metropolitan district of Miami 迈阿密的都市区 
metropolitan regions 都市区 
metropolitan borough（英国的）大都市的行政区 
metropolitan council（尤英）大都市政务委员会 
a dozen major metropolitan hospitals 大城市的十二家大医院
he Ukrainian Catholic representatives, Metropolitan Volodymyr and Bishop Sofron 乌克兰的天主教代表——弗拉基米尔大主教和索夫龙主教

vt. 使某人感兴趣，抓住某人的注意力:
n. [sing.] ~ (on sb/sth) 对某人或某事物的控制或影响力:
vt.＆vi. 紧握、紧紧抓住:
n. [C, usually sing.] ~ (on sb/sth) 对某人或某事物的紧抓、紧握:
vt. 一种情绪或形势对某人或某事物产生强烈影响:
n. [C] [英] 相当于hairgrip，即发夹:
vt.＆vi. 在一个平面上无论是静止还是移动都不打滑:
n. [U] 在平面上移动时不打滑:
n. [C] [旧时] 旅行用的大软袋子:
n. [C] 拍摄电影时的摄影机和照明设备管理人员:
n. [sing.] ~ (on sth) 对某事的理解:
n. [C] 物体上的抓握（而不打滑）部位，如把手、手柄:
grip |[grɪp]
The book grips you from start to finish. 这本书从头至尾扣人心弦。
I was totally gripped by the story. 我完全被这故事吸引住了。           
They managed to strengthen their grip on the southern part of the country. 他们加强了对该国南部的控制。
to have a strong grip on the population 牢牢控制住民众 
a country in the grip of recession 被经济衰退困扰的国家 
The government does not seem to have a very firm grip on the economy. 政府似乎无法控制住经济。
The home team took a firm grip on the game. 主队牢牢控制着比赛的局面。
We need to tighten the grip we have on the market. 我们得加强对市场的控制力。
We need to keep a tight grip on costs. 我们需要严格控制成本。
Winter still held them in its iron grip. 冬天仍然笼罩着他们。
Get a grip! (= take control of yourself, your life, etc.)（非正式用法）把握好你自己！
She gripped the rope. 她紧紧抓住绳索。
She gripped on to the railing with both hands. 她双手紧紧抓住栏杆。
She gripped hard at the arms of her chair. 她紧紧抓住椅子的扶手。
He gripped her gently by the shoulders. 他轻轻地抓住她的肩膀。
‘Please don't go, ’ he said, gripping her arm. “请别走。”他紧紧抓住她的手臂说。
Taking a tight grip on the hook, he began to pull it towards himself. 他紧紧地抓住钩子，开始朝自己的方向拉。
a tight grip on the rope 紧紧抓住绳子 
a She lost her grip on the door frame. 她没抓住门框。
She tried to get a grip on the icy rock. 她尽力抓住那冰冷的石头。
The climber slipped and lost her grip. 登山女子滑了一下松开了手。
Hold the microphone in a firm grip. 紧紧抓住麦克风。
Try adjusting your grip on the racket. 试着调整一下你握球拍的方法。
She struggled from his grip. 他紧拉住她不放，她奋力挣脱。
He still had a firm grip on my arm. 他仍然牢牢地抓着我的胳膊。
Robert tightened his grip on her shoulder. 罗伯特把她的肩膀抓得更紧了。
gentle, loose, weak, comfortable grip 温柔的一握；松松的一握；无力的一握；令人舒服的一握
I was gripped by a feeling of panic. 我惊恐万状。
Terrorism has gripped the country for the past two years. 两年来恐怖主义一直笼罩着这个国家。
tyres that grip the road 在公路上不打滑的车胎 
These tyres give the bus better grip in slippery conditions. 这些轮胎可使公共汽车在路滑时行驶得平稳一些。
I couldn't get a grip on what was going on. 我无法理解正在发生的事情。
You need to keep a good grip on reality in this job. 做这个工作你需要充分了解实际情况。
I'm slowly getting to grips with the language. 我正在慢慢地掌握这种语言。
the grip on a golf club 高尔夫球杆的握柄           

n. [C] ~ (on sb) 强烈的爱恋，通常指年轻人对年长者的短暂的热恋或迷恋:
vt. 破坏或毁掉某人的信心或幸福，使某人消沉:
vt. 把某人或某事物塞进一个小空间:
n. [U] 果汁饮料:
vt. 用力挤压…，使其毁坏、受伤或变形:
vt. 用力碾压使某事物变成小碎片，如压碎、捣碎、碾碎:
vt. 充满褶皱；使某事物充满褶皱:
n. [C, usually sing.] 狭小空间中拥挤的一群人:
vt. 用暴力手段对付反对者，如镇压:
crush |[krʌʃ]
a schoolgirl crush 女学生的迷恋 
I'd got over my schoolgirl crush. 我已经不再像女学生那样迷恋别人了。
She had a huge crush on one of her teachers. 她非常爱慕她的一位老师。
I had a huge crush on her. 我对她爱慕至极。
She had a crush on you, you know. 她曾爱慕你，你是知道的。
She felt completely crushed by the teacher's criticism. 老师的批评使她觉得自己全完了。
Listen to criticism but don't be crushed by it. 听取批评意见，但不要被它击垮。
Over twenty prisoners were crushed into a small dark cell. 二十多名囚犯被塞在一间黑暗狭小的牢房里。
We were at the front, crushed against the stage. 我们在前面，被挤到了舞台边上。
crushed between two cars 被挤在两辆汽车之间 
She was crushed against the wall. 她被挤在墙上。
crushed beneath a bus 被压在公交车下
The car was completely crushed under the truck. 小轿车被卡车压得完全变形了。
Their vehicle was crushed by an army tank. 他们的车被一辆军用坦克压扁了。
Several people were crushed to death in the accident. 好几个人在事故中压死了。
His hand was badly crushed in the accident. 他的一只手在一次事故中被严重压坏。
insects that had been crushed underfoot 被踩扁的昆虫 
Andrew crushed his empty can. 安德鲁把他的空罐子捏扁了。
Add two cloves of crushed garlic. 加入两瓣捣碎的蒜。
Crush the biscuits finely. 把饼干压得粉碎。
They crush the olives with a heavy wooden press. 他们用沉重的木制压榨机把橄榄压碎。
a big crush in the theatre bar 剧院酒吧里拥挤不堪的人群 
I couldn't find a way through the crush. 人太挤，我挤不过去。
Franklin and his thirteen-year-old son somehow got separated in the crush. 富兰克林和他13岁的儿子在人群中被挤散了。
Everywhere he went he was mobbed by a crush of fans. 他所到之处都有成群的歌迷簇拥着他。
The army was sent in to crush the rebellion. 军队被派去平息叛乱。
The military operation was the first step in a plan to crush the uprising. 军事行动是镇压暴动计划的第一步。

adj. 1 [只用于名词前] 发生或存在于某事（或某时）之前的:
2 prior to [正式] 在某事之前:
n. [C] 小修道院院长；大修道院副院长:
adj. [只用于名词前]（所有权、责任）已经存在因而更重要的，即有优先权的、较重要的:
prior |[ˈpraɪə(r)]
Although not essential, some prior knowledge of statistics is desirable. 统计学的知识虽非必要，但最好是学过一点。
He claimed he had no prior knowledge of the protest. 他声称自己事先并不知道这次抗议的事。
Visits are by prior arrangement. 参观需要事先安排。
She will be unable to attend because of a prior engagement. 因事先有别的安排，她将不能出席。
Please give us prior notice if you need an evening meal. 需用晚餐者，请预先通知我们。
prior warning 预先警告 
You will need prior authorization from your bank. 你需要得到银行的预先授权。
This information must not be disclosed without prior written consent. 未事先征得书面许可，此消息不得泄露。
No action can be taken without the prior consent of the owner. 没有物主预先同意，不能采取行动。
The Constitution requires the president to seek the prior approval of Congress for military action. 宪法规定总统在采取军事行动之前必须获得国会同意。
All development requires the prior approval of the planning authority. 所有开发均需要得到规划部门的预先审批。
He was not allowed to leave the city without the prior permission of the authorities. 得不到权威部门的预先许可，他不能离开这个城市。
during the week prior to the meeting 在开会前的一周内 
You should receive your flight tickets at least a week prior to departure. 你会在启程前至少一周内收到机票。
Prior to his Japan trip, he went to New York. 在去日本之前，他去了纽约。
A man seen hanging around the area prior to the shooting could have been involved. 在枪杀案发生之前，有人目睹一位男子在这附近游荡，该男子可能与此案有关。
The floorboards were replaced prior to completion of the sale. 销售完成之前，木地板已更换。
They have a prior claim to the property. 他们有权优先获得该处房产。
She had a prior claim on his affections. 她有权优先得到他的疼爱。
The firm I wanted to use had prior commitments. 我想选用的这家公司已有约在先。

n. [C] ~ (for sth/for doing sth) 做或达成某事的一种方法:
n. [C] [化学用语] 分子式:
n. [C] 配方:
n. [C] [数学用语] 公式、方程式:
n. [C] ~ (for sth/for doing sth) 做或达成某事的一种方法:
n. [C] 在Formula One用法中，指方程式（按发动机大小等对赛车的分级）:
n. [U, C] [尤美] 也可用formula milk，指液态配方乳（用来代替母乳）:
n. [C] 特定场合的惯用词语，套话:
formula |[ˈfɔ:mjələ;美ˈfɔ:rm-]（复数形式为formulas，科技领域常用formulae）
to work out a peace formula acceptable to both sides in the dispute 制订出一个争端双方都可接受的和平方案 
There's no magic formula for a perfect marriage. 没有一个达到完美婚姻的神奇方法。
face-saving formula（尤英）保全面子的方案 
a winning formula 制胜方案 
What is their formula for success? 他们成功的秘诀是什么？
CO is the formula for carbon monoxide. CO是一氧化碳的分子式。
the secret formula for the blending of the whisky 调配威士忌的秘方
This formula is used to calculate the area of a circle. 这个公式用于计算圆的面积。
algebraic, chemical, mathematical, scientific formula 代数公式；化学公式；数学公式；科学公式
to work out a peace formula acceptable to both sides in the dispute 制订出一个争端双方都可接受的和平方案 
There's no magic formula for a perfect marriage. 没有一个达到完美婚姻的神奇方法。
face-saving formula（尤英）保全面子的方案 
a winning formula 制胜方案 
What is their formula for success? 他们成功的秘诀是什么？
Formula One™ racing 一级方程式赛车
legal formulae 法律惯用词语 
The minister keeps coming out with the same tired formulas. 这个牧师开口便是千篇一律、陈词滥调的套话。


formulae | 公式,口诀

unable to be avoided or denied:无法避免或拒绝
inescapable |ˌɪnɪˈskeɪpəbl| Adjective/:不可避免的,无法逃避的
political reform was inescapable:政治改革不可避免


skeptical | 怀疑的,持怀疑态度

vt. 控制感情:
vt. 控制且利用某种力量（如自然力或人的技能）以产生能量或为达成某事:
n. [C] 系在人身上以携带装备（或限制人移动、防止人掉落）的一套皮质带子等:
vt. 控制且利用某种力量（如自然力或人的技能）以产生能量或为达成某事:
n. [C] 将马套在马车上所需要的一套器具（包含了皮带和一些金属器件），即马具、挽具:
vt. ~ sth (to sth) 给马（或其它动物）套上挽具；用挽具把…套到…上:
harness |[ˈhɑ:nɪs;美ˈhɑ:rnɪs]
the movement's ability to harness the anger of all Ukrainians 该运动之疏解所有乌克兰人怒气的能力
attempts to harness the sun's rays as a source of energy 利用日光作为能源的尝试 
They are attempting to harness the power of the sun. 他们在试图利用太阳能。
Turkey plans to harness the waters of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers for big hydro-electric power projects. 土耳其计划利用底格里斯河和幼发拉底河的河水开发大型水电项目。
How can this energy be harnessed effectively for the good of humankind? 怎样才能有效利用这种能源为人类造福? 
We must harness the skill and creativity of our workforce. 我们必须尽量发挥全体职工的技能和创造力。
child harness 儿童学步带 
climbing, parachute harness 登山索；降落伞吊带 
shoulder harness 肩带 
four-point harness 四点式安全带 
She fastened the safety harness tightly around her waist before starting the descent. 她把安全带牢牢地系在腰部后才开始下降。
Another man in a harness was being lowered from the helicopter. 另一个系着保护带的人正从直升机上被放下来。
attempts to harness the sun's rays as a source of energy 利用日光作为能源的尝试 
They are attempting to harness the power of the sun. 他们在试图利用太阳能。
Turkey plans to harness the waters of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers for big hydro-electric power projects. 土耳其计划利用底格里斯河和幼发拉底河的河水开发大型水电项目。
How can this energy be harnessed effectively for the good of humankind? 怎样才能有效利用这种能源为人类造福? 
We must harness the skill and creativity of our workforce. 我们必须尽量发挥全体职工的技能和创造力。
leather harness 皮革马具 
a horse in harness 套着马具的马
to harness a horse 给马上挽具 
We harnessed two ponies to the cart. 我们把两匹矮种马套到了车上。
On Sunday the horses were harnessed to a heavy wagon for a daylong ride over the Border. 星期天，马匹被套在一辆沉重的马车上，准备踏上长达一天的穿越边境之旅。
In some areas, the poor feel harnessed to their jobs.（比喻用法）有些地区的穷人感觉终身被套牢在他们的工作上。

n. [C] 旅游目的地:
n. [C] 某人所去（或被送到）的一个地点，即目的地，终点:
adj. destination hotel/store/restaurant, etc. 作为目的地的（旅馆、商店、饭店等）:
destination |[͵destɪ'neɪʃn]
The town is a popular destination for art lovers. 这个镇子是艺术爱好者喜欢去的地方。
tourist, travel destination 旅游胜地 
leisure destination（尤美）休闲胜地
intended destination 原定目的地 
a destination for art lovers 艺术爱好者喜欢去的一个地方 
tourist, travel destination 旅游胜地 
entertainment, leisure destination（均尤美）娱乐场所；休闲胜地 
the country of destination 目的地国家 
The website is an online destination where people can find out relevant information. 这个网站是一个人们可以在线找到相关信息的地方。

relating to an occupation or employment:与职业或工作有关
(of education or training) directed at a particular occupation and its skills:（教育或培训）针对特定职业及其技能
vocational |və(ʊ)ˈkeɪʃən(ə)l| Adjective/:职业的,职业
vocational training:职业培训
specialized vocational courses such as fashion and catering have been popular among students:时尚、餐饮等特色职业课程深受学生欢迎

n. [U] 密集、稠密；也可指密集的程度，即密度:
n. [C, U] [物理学] 固体、液体或气体单位体积的质量，即密度:
n. [U] [计算机] 磁盘上可用于存储数据的空间，也可称为密度:
density |[ˈdensəti]
The region has a very high population density. 该地区的人口密度很高。
The population density in this city is very high. 这座城市的人口密度很高。
an average density of 2.4 people per hectare 每公顷2.4人的平均密度 
low density forest 低密度森林 
a law which restricts the density of housing 限制房屋密集程度的法规 
traffic density 交通密度 
bone density 骨密度
the density of a gas 一种气体的密度 
Jupiter's moon Io, whose density is 3.5 grams per cubic centimetre, is all rock. 密度为每立方厘米 3.5 克的木星卫星木卫一上遍布岩石。
a high density floppy 高密度软盘

the fact or quality of being different, divergent, or inconsistent:不同、分歧或不一致的事实或性质
the state or fact of disagreeing or quarrelling:不同意或争吵的状态或事实
a discrepancy between two statements or documents.:
a quantity equal to the square of the standard deviation.:一个等于标准差平方的数量。
an official dispensation from a rule or regulation, typically a building regulation.:规则或法规的官方豁免，通常是建筑法规。
variance |ˈvɛːrɪəns| Noun/:方差,差异
her light tone was at variance with her sudden trembling:她轻快的语气与她突然的颤抖不符
they were at variance with all their previous allies:theywereadvancedwiththeirallprevious盟友

n. 1 [C] 地标（是一个显眼的建筑物或地理特征，能帮助人们判断自己所处的位置，或帮助人们判断别的建筑物的位置）:
2 [C] ~ (in sth) 抽象意义上的里程碑、转折点（标志着发展过程中的一个重要阶段）:
3 [C] [尤美] 有历史意义（因而需要保护）的建筑物（或遗址）:
landmark |[ˈlændmɑ:k;美-mɑ:rk]
The Ambassador Hotel is a Los Angeles landmark. 国宾大饭店是洛杉矶的地标性建筑之一。
The Empire State Building is a familiar landmark on the New York skyline. 帝国大厦是人们熟悉的纽约高楼大厦中的地标。
After twenty years all the familiar landmarks had disappeared. 20年过去了，所有熟悉的地标都已荡然无存。
distinctive（尤英）, prominent landmark 显眼的地表；突出的地标 
famous, well-known landmark 著名的地标 
city, local landmark 城市地标；当地地标 
architectural landmark 标志性建筑 
The building has been designated a historical landmark by the Commission. 大楼已经被委员会指定为历史地标。
landmark building 地标建筑 
The residents are seeking landmark status for the building.（landmark status尤为美式用法）居民们正在为大楼争取地标身份。
The tower was once a landmark for ships. 那座塔曾经是指引航船的陆标。
The ceasefire was seen as a major landmark in the fight against terrorism. 停火协定被看作是与恐怖主义斗争的重要里程碑。
a landmark ruling in the courts 具有里程碑意义的法庭裁决 
a landmark arms control treaty 里程碑式的军备控制条约 
The baby was one of the big landmarks in our relationship. 孩子的出世是我们俩关系中的一个重要转折点。
The Russian Revolution represents a landmark in world history. 俄国革命是世界历史上的一个里程碑。
landmark decision, landmark legislation（美）, landmark ruling 划时代的判决；里程碑式的立法；划时代的裁决 
a landmark decision on gay marriage 关于同性婚姻的划时代判决 
landmark case 标志性判例 
landmark event 标志性事件 
landmark achievement 标志性成就 
landmark study 标志性研究 
The piece is an important landmark in the history of music. 该作品是音乐史上一座重要的里程碑。
historic landmark 有历史意义的地标

vi. ~ (on) 继续存留更长时间:
vi. 花很长时间做某事:
vi. ~ (on sb/sth) 持续看更长时间:
vi. ~ (on) 仍然活着但是变得更弱，如苟延残喘、奄奄一息:
vi. ~ (on sb/sth) 持续思考更长时间:
vi. 在某地逗留更长时间（因为不想离开）:
linger |[ˈlɪŋgə(r)]
The faint smell of her perfume lingered in the room. 房间里仍飘溢着她那淡淡的香水味。
The civil war lingered on well into the 1930s. 这次内战到20世纪30年代还拖了好几年。
A guerrilla war has lingered into its fourth decade. 一场游击战已经持续了30多年。
It will linger forever in the minds of many people. 它将永远留在许多人的脑海中。
The feelings of hurt and resentment lingered on for years. 伤痛与怨恨持续了多年。
They stayed in the restaurant, lingering over coffee. 他们待在餐厅里，不紧不慢地喝咖啡。
We lingered over breakfast on the terrace. 我们在平台上慢条斯理地吃着早餐。           
His eyes lingered on the diamond ring on her finger. 他的目光滞留在她手指上的钻戒上。
Her eyes lingered on the stranger's face. 她一直注视着那个陌生人的脸。
He lingered on for several months after the heart attack. 他心脏病发作后又拖了几个月才去世。
She lingered for a few minutes to talk to Nick. 她多待了几分钟，想跟尼克谈一谈。
I lingered on in Atlanta for a few days, spending much of my time with an artist friend. 我在亚特兰大又逗留了几天，大部分时候都和一位搞艺术的朋友在一起
