consistent								一贯的，持续的，不变的
battery								电池，一系列
competent								有能力的，足够的
preserve								保护，拯救，果酱
possession								拥有，占有，领地
proximately							近似的
wildfire								烈火
compact								坚实的，小巧紧凑的，协议，压缩
defy									反抗，激，使不可能
absolutely								绝对的，当然
filter								过滤器，过滤
server								发球者，服务器
spoil									毁掉，宠坏，变质，桩物，奖品
spoil oneself							善待自己
rustle								沙沙声
diversion								转向，消遣，佯攻
complaint								抱怨，抗议，疾病
merge									合并，融合
priceless								无价的，极有趣的
honorary								荣誉的，义务的
chronic								慢性的
extracurricular							课外的
lobby									大堂，游说
inexhaustible							用之不竭的，无限的
inevitable								必然发生的
contamination							污染
suspend								悬挂，暂停，推迟，使悬浮
imminent								迫近的
obesity								肥胖
aid									帮助，救助
solution								解决办法，溶液，答案
\\\\\\\\

adj.（论点、论据或一套观点）相互连贯的:
adj. 以相同的方式发生并持续一段时间的，如连续的，持续的:
adj. [褒]（行为）始终如一的；总是拥有相同的观点、标准等的:
adj. consistent with sth 与某事物一致的，相符的；与某事物不矛盾的:
consistent |[kən'sɪstənt]
His argument is not even internally consistent. 他的论点甚至本身也自相矛盾。
consistent growth in the economy 经济持续增长
She’s not very consistent in the way she treats her children. 她对待孩子反复无常。
a consistent player 状态稳定的选手 
a consistent approach to the problem 解决问题的一贯方法 
We must be consistent in applying the rules. 我们在实施这些规则时必须保持一致。
His attitude isn’t absolutely consistent. 他的态度并不是始终如一的。
The results are entirely consistent with our earlier research. 这些结果与我们早些时候的研究完全吻合。
This is relatively consistent across all age groups. 这一点在所有年龄段中都相对一致。
injuries consistent with a fall from an upper storey 和从楼上摔下来的情形相符合的伤处 
The pattern is strikingly consistent in the four samples. 四件样品的图案惊人地一致。

n. [C] 包含一个或多个单芯电池（cell）的一种装置，可称为“电池”、“电池组”:
n. 1 [C] battery (of sth) 同种类的大量事物或人，即一系列；一批；一群等:
2 [C] [术语] 在某一地的一排或一组设备（如一排大炮、灯或电脑）:
n. [C] [英] 常用作形容词，指养殖场使用的层架式饲养笼（如此类鸡笼）（由很多小笼子组合在一起所形成）:
n. [U] [美] 对人身进行殴打的罪行，即殴打罪:
battery |['bætərɪ]
a rechargeable battery 可充电的电池 
The battery is flat. 电池没电了。
dead, flat battery 电量用完了的电池 
spare battery 备用电池 
car, laptop, phone battery 汽车蓄电池（电瓶）；笔记本电脑电池；手机电池 
battery life 电池寿命 
battery pack 电池组
He faced a battery of questions. 他面临一连串的问题。
a battery of reporters 一大批记者 
a battery of tests 一系列测试 
a battery of guns 一排大炮 
anti-aircraft battery 高射炮组 
a battery hen 层架式养鸡笼养的母鸡 
battery eggs 层架式养鸡场所产的蛋
He punched a man in a club and was charged with battery. 他在一家俱乐部里打了人，结果被指控犯了殴打罪。

adj. ~ (to do sth) 有足够的技能或知识能把某事做好的，或能达到必要的标准的，如足以胜任的、称职的:
adj. 有决定权的:
adj. 合格的、不错的（但不是非常好的）:
competent |[ˈkɒmpɪtənt;美ˈkɑ:m-]
Make sure the firm is competent to carry out the work. 要确保这家公司有能力完成这项工作。
He's very competent in his work. 他非常胜任自己的工作。
He was a loyal, distinguished and very competent civil servant. 他是一位敬业、优秀而且非常称职的公务员。
a competent performance 令人满意的表现 
Most adults do not feel competent to deal with a medical emergency involving a child. 大部分成年人不懂得如何对儿童实施急救。
She is competent in five languages. 她掌握五门外语。
A year of college had made her more socially competent. 一年的大学生活提升了她的社交能力。
He was not considered competent to teach seven-year-olds.他被认为没有能力教七岁的孩子。
a small number of highly competent officials 少数非常称职的官员! 
She was mentally competent and she had the capacity to decide for herself. 她当时心智健全，有能力自己作出决定。
mentally competent to stand trial（美，法律）心智健全具备受审能力
The case was referred to a competent authority. 事情已交给有关当局处理。

vt. preserve sb/sth (from sth) 保持某人或某事物以使其继续存活（或使其免遭伤害或危险而处于安全状态中），可称为保护，相当于save:
vt. 1 保持或维护一种特定的品质、特征等；确保某事物处于保护之中:
2 常用被动式，将某事物保持在其原状态，或保持在良好状态中。如维持…的原状；保养:
3（通过以某种方式来处理而）贮存某东西以防止其腐烂（尤指食物）:
n. [C, usually pl., U] [尤英] 用蔬菜、盐或醋所制成的一种腌菜，泡菜:
n. [C, usually pl., U] 用水果和大量的糖煮制而成的一种果酱:
vt.（通过以某种方式来处理而）贮存某东西以防止其腐烂（尤指食物）:
n. [sing.] preserve (of sb)（被认为适合于特定的一个人或一群人的）一项活动、一份工作、一种兴趣等:
vt. 1 保持或维护一种特定的品质、特征等；确保某事物处于保护之中:
2 常用被动式，将某事物保持在其原状态，或保持在良好状态中。如维持…的原状；保养:
3（通过以某种方式来处理而）贮存某东西以防止其腐烂（尤指食物）:
n. [C] 一片私人渔猎场（其中放养着动物或鱼以供猎取）:
n. [C] [美] 动植物等的保护区，自然保护区，相当于reserve:
preserve |[prɪ'zə:v][prɪ'zə:v]
to preserve endangered species 保护濒危物种 
to preserve fish stocks 保护渔业资源
to preserve his reputation 维护他的名声 
to preserve the peace 维护和平 
to preserve the original character of the house 保持房屋原有的特色 
The style of the original film is preserved perfectly. 完好保留了原始影片的风格。
This vase has been preserved intact. 这个花瓶保存得完好无损。
She carefully preserved all his letters. 她精心保存着他所有的信件。
The prison is preserved as a tourist attraction. 这座监狱被保存下来用作旅游景点。
olives preserved in brine 盐水橄榄 
Wax polish preserves wood and leather. 上光蜡可保护木材和皮革。
to preserve the corpse from decomposition 保存尸体使其免于腐烂
olives preserved in brine 盐水橄榄
Football is no longer the preserve of men. 足球再也不是男人的专利了。
in the days when nursing was a female preserve 在护理工作为女性所专属的时代
to preserve his reputation 维护他的名声 
to preserve the peace 维护和平 
to preserve the original character of the house 保持房屋原有的特色 
The style of the original film is preserved perfectly. 完好保留了原始影片的风格。
This vase has been preserved intact. 这个花瓶保存得完好无损。
She carefully preserved all his letters. 她精心保存着他所有的信件。
The prison is preserved as a tourist attraction. 这座监狱被保存下来用作旅游景点。
olives preserved in brine 盐水橄榄 
Wax polish preserves wood and leather. 上光蜡可保护木材和皮革。
to preserve the corpse from decomposition 保存尸体使其免于腐烂
forest, nature, wilderness, wildlife preserve 森林保护区；自然保护区；荒原保护区；野生动植物保护区

n. [U] 某人的思想被魔鬼或邪恶幽灵所控制的一种情况，如着魔:
n. [U] 正式用法，指拥有，具有:
n. [U] 控球的状态:
n. [C] 常用复数，指一个人在某段时间内所拥有的东西，即个人财物、财产或物品，强调个人对财物的“占有”。近似于belongings（不过belongings强调财物对个人的“归属”）:
n. [C] 为另一国所控制的一个国家或一片土地，如殖民地、托管地、属地等，是一种正式用法:
possession |[pə'zeʃn]
They have in their possession some very valuable pictures. 他们藏有一些非常珍贵的照片。
On her father’s death, she came into possession of a vast fortune. 她父亲死后，她继承了一大笔财产。
When do you take possession of your new house? 你什么时候能拿到新房子？
unlawful possession of firearms 非法持有枪支 
in possession of stolen goods 持有赃物 
drug possession 持有毒品 
Passengers must be in possession of a valid passport. 乘客必须持有有效的护照。
Anyone in full possession of the facts would see that we are right. 任何了解全部事实的人都会明白我们是正确的。
to retain possession of the ball 保住对球的控制
family, personal, private possession 家庭财产；个人财产；私人财产 
The ring is one of her most treasured possessions. 这枚戒指是她最珍贵的财产之一。
material possession 财物 
He carried all his worldly possessions in an old suitcase. 他将所有的个人财物放在一只旧手提箱里拎着。
colonial possession 殖民地 
the country’s overseas possessions (= colonies) 该国的海外领地


proximately |ˈprɒksɪmətli| Adverb/:大约,差不多

a large, destructive fire that spreads quickly over woodland or brush.:在林地或灌木丛中迅速蔓延的大火。
a combustible liquid such as Greek fire that was readily ignited and difficult to extinguish, used especially in warfare.:一种易燃液体，如希腊火，容易点燃且难以熄灭，特别用于战争。
wildfire |ˈwʌɪl(d)fʌɪə| Noun/:,山火

n. [C] [正式] 人或国家之间的正式的协定、协议、契约、合约:
adj. 紧紧压实在一起的:
vt. [常用被动式] 把…压实或压紧:
adj. 1 比同类事物小的，即小型的、袖珍的:
2 空间狭小的、紧凑的、体积小的:
3（人或动物）矮小而健壮的:
n. [C] 女用的带镜子的小脂粉盒:
n. [C] [美] 小汽车:
compact |[kəmˈpækt;ˈkɒmpækt;美ˈkɑ:m-]
a compact mass of earth 压得很结实的泥土
The Smith boy was compacting the trash. 史密斯家的男孩在把垃圾压紧。
The soil settles and is compacted by the winter rain. 土壤沉积下来，然后在冬雨的作用下变得坚实。
a layer of compacted snow 压实的一层雪
a compact camera 袖珍照相机 
compact version 袖珍版 
compact volume（书的）袖珍版 
The kitchen was compact but well equipped. 这间厨房虽然空间小但设备齐全。
my compact office in Washington 我在华盛顿小而紧凑的办公室 
the new, more compact Czech government 更为精简的新捷克政府 
He had a compact and muscular body. 他个子矮小健壮。
He was compact, probably no taller than me. 他矮小壮实，可能并不比我高。
He looked physically very powerful, athletic in a compact way. 他看上去非常强壮，像个敦实的运动员。

vt. 拒绝服从当权者、法律、规则等，即违抗:
vt. ~ belief, explanation, description, etc. 不可能（或无法）相信、解释、描绘等:
vt. I ~ you/anyone to do sth 挑战、激、认为…不敢（或无法）做:
vt. 经受住、顶住:
defy |[dɪˈfaɪ]
Journalists were openly defying the authorities. 新闻记者公然藐视当局。
He is willing to defy his own party. 他自愿违抗自己的党派。
The protesters continued to defy a court injunction. 抗议者继续藐视法庭的一项禁制令。
to defy the law 藐视法律 
I wouldn't have dared to defy my teachers. 我可不敢不听老师的话。
Hundreds of people today defied the ban on political gatherings. 今天有数百人违抗禁止政治集会的规定。
This was the first (and last) time that I dared to defy my mother. 这是我第一次(也是最后一次)胆敢反抗我的母亲。
Nearly eleven-thousand people have been arrested for defying the ban on street trading. 将近有1.1万人因为违抗禁止在街上摆摊交易的禁令而被捕。
a political move that defies explanation 无法解释的政治举动 
The beauty of the scene defies description. 景色之美简直难以描绘。
When the flowers open in spring they fill the night air with a fragrance that defies description. 春天鲜花开放时，夜里的空气中会弥漫一种难以名状的香气。
It's a devastating and barbaric act that defies all comprehension. 这种行为野蛮凶残、令人震惊，简直是不可理喻。
I defy you to come up with one major accomplishment of the current Prime Minister. 我敢说你讲不出现任首相的哪怕一项重大成就。
He looked at me as if he was defying me to argue. 他看着我，仿佛在激我与他争论。
The baby boy defied all the odds and survived (= stayed alive when it seemed certain that he would die). 这名男婴九死一生活了下来。


with no qualification, restriction, or limitation, totally:没有任何资格、限制或限制，完全
used to emphasize a strong or exaggerated statement:用于强调强烈或夸大的陈述
none whatsoever:无任何
used to express and emphasize one's assent or agreement:用于表达和强调同意或同意
not viewed in relation to other things:不考虑与其他事物的关系
(of a verb) without a stated object.:（动词的）没有陈述宾语。
absolutely |ˈabsəluːtli| Adverb/:绝对地,绝对,完全
she trusted him absolutely:她绝对信任他
he absolutely adores that car:he非常喜欢那辆车
she had absolutely no idea what he was talking about:she完全不知道他在说什么
‘Did they give you a free hand when you joined the band?’ ‘Absolutely!’:“当你加入乐队时，他们有没有放手让你自由发挥？”“当然！”
white-collar crime increased both absolutely and in comparison with other categories:white-collar犯罪绝对增加，与其他类别相比增加

vi.（声）少量且缓慢地渗透进一个地方:
vi.（光）少量且缓慢地渗透进一个地方:
vi.（人们）朝某个方向缓慢移动:
vt. 过滤掉液体、气体、光线等:
vt. 从大量的人或事物中过滤掉不想要的人或事物:
n. [C] 光线或声音的过滤器，即滤光器:
n. [C]（液体的）过滤器（该装置内部有纸张、沙子、化学品等，能够除掉不需要的东西，而让液体流过）:
n. [C] 光线或声音的过滤器，即滤声器、滤波器:
n. [C]（气体的）过滤器（该装置内部有纸张、沙子、化学品等，能够除掉不需要的东西，而让气体流过）:
n. [C] [计算机] 过滤程序（能够过滤掉某种电子信息、电子邮件等）:
vt. 用一个特殊的计算机程序来过滤（发送到你计算机上的电子邮件或网站的内容）:
vi.（信息、新闻等）慢慢传开:
n. [C] [英]（交通红灯指示不得直行的同时，表示可左转或右转的）分流指示灯:
vi. [英]（交通指示灯处的交通）仅可左转行驶:
filter |[ˈfɪltə(r)]
Sunlight filtered in through the curtains. 阳光从窗帘透了进来。
Sunlight filtered dustily through the slats of the door. 阳光透过门上的板条照进满是灰尘的室内。
the faint moonlight filtering through the stained glass windows 惨淡的月光透过脏脏的玻璃窗 
Light filtered into my kitchen through the soft, green shade of the cherry tree. 光线透过樱桃树柔和的绿阴隐约照进我的厨房。
The doors opened and people started filtering through. 门开了，人们开始徐徐通过。          
All drinking water must be filtered. 所有饮用水必须经过过滤。
The best prevention for cholera is to boil or filter water, and eat only well-cooked food. 预防霍乱的最佳方法是将水煮沸或过滤，并且只食用煮熟后的食物。
Plants and trees filter carbon dioxide out of the air and produce oxygen. 花草树木会过滤掉空气中的二氧化碳并制造氧气。
to filter out dust particles, to filter out impurities 过滤掉尘粒；用过滤法除杂质 
to filter out light 滤光 
Use a sun block that filters UVA effectively. 使用能有效滤掉紫外线的防晒霜。
Children should have glasses which filter out UV rays. 儿童应该戴上滤除紫外线的眼镜。
The test is used to filter out candidates who may be unsuitable. 这个测验是用来淘汰不适合的求职者。
My secretary is very good at filtering my calls (= making sure that calls that I do not want do not get through). 我的秘书很会替我推掉不相干的电话。
You might use a yellow filter to improve the clarity of a hazy horizon. 可以使用黄色滤光器让模糊的视野更加清晰。
oil filter 滤油器 
coffee, water filter 咖啡过滤器；滤水器 
a paper coffee filter 咖啡过滤纸 
filter paper for the coffee machine 咖啡机滤纸 
air filter 空气过滤器 
He smokes cigarettes without filters. 他吸没有过滤嘴的香烟。
The software filters out Internet sites whose content is not suitable for children. 这个软件可筛除含儿童不宜内容的互联网网站。
More details about the crash are filtering through. 人们对这场空难的了解一点点多起来。
It took months before the findings began to filter through to the politicians. 调查结果数月后才传到从政者的耳朵里。
News of the attack quickly filtered through the college. 有关袭击的消息很快就在该学院中传开了。          

a person or thing that serves.:服务的人或物。
a waiter or waitress.:服务员。
a person assisting the celebrant at the celebration of the Eucharist.:在庆祝圣体圣事时协助司仪的人。
a computer or computer program which manages access to a centralized resource or service in a network:管理对网络中集中资源或服务的访问的计算机或计算机程序
server |ˈsəːvə| Noun/:服务器,伺服器
the software runs on a variety of Unix servers:软件运行在多种Unix服务器上

vt. 对儿童溺爱、娇惯、宠坏:
vt. 把好事物变成坏事物，如破坏:
vt. ~ sb/yourself 通过做一件特别的事而让某人或自己高兴，如犒赏:
n. [U] [术语]（开掘等时挖出的）弃土，废石方:
vi.（食物）变坏而不能吃了:
n. [U] [术语]（开掘等时挖出的）弃土，废石方:
n. [pl.] [正式或文学] the spoils 可指在战争或战斗中被获胜方拿走的战利品:
vt.（因在其上写违法的内容而）使选票无效:
n. [pl.] [正式或文学] the spoils 可指被小偷拿走的赃物:
n. [pl.] spoils 可指成功所带来的好处:
spoil |[spɔɪl]
Those children are thoroughly spoilt! 那些孩子给彻底惯坏了！
She spoils those kids of hers. 她那几个孩子给她宠坏了。
My grandparents used to spoil me rotten. 我的祖父母过去极宠我。
Grandparents are often tempted to spoil their grandchildren whenever they come to visit. 祖父母每次来访都往往禁不住要娇惯孙辈。
to spoil the children with expensive toys 用昂贵的玩具宠坏孩子           
Our camping trip was spoilt by bad weather. 天气不好，破坏了我们的露营旅行。
Peaceful summer evenings can be spoilt by mosquitoes. 宁静的夏夜可能会被蚊子破坏掉。
The tall buildings have spoiled the view. 那些高楼大厦破坏了这一带的景致。
Her selfish behaviour completely spoiled the party. 她的自私行为让这次聚会很扫兴。
I don't want to spoil things for everyone else. 我不想毁了其他所有人的兴致。
It would be a pity to spoil the surprise. 如果破坏了这个惊喜，会很遗憾的。
Don't let him spoil your evening. 别让他搞得你一晚上不开心。
It's important not to let mistakes spoil your life. 重要的是不要让错误毁了你的生活。
Don't eat too many nuts─you'll spoil your appetite. 别吃太多坚果，会影响你的食欲。
Why not spoil yourself with a weekend in a top hotel? 为什么不到顶级饭店度个周末，让自己享受享受呢？
Spoil yourself with a new perfume this summer. 今年夏天买瓶新香水慰劳一下自己吧。
Perhaps I could employ someone to iron his shirts, but I wanted to spoil him. He was my man. 也许我可以雇别人来熨他的衬衫，但我想好好宠他。他是我爱的男人。
He really spoiled me on my birthday. 我过生日那天他真让我受宠若惊。
We all know that fats spoil by becoming rancid. 我们都知道油脂变质后会发臭。
Some organisms are responsible for spoiling food and cause food poisoning. 有些生物会导致食物变质并引起食物中毒。
The soldiers began to divide the spoils. 士兵们开始瓜分战利品。
True to military tradition, the victors are now treating themselves to the spoils of war. 按照军事惯例，胜者正在分享战利品。
He never sits back and enjoys the spoils of victory. 他从未袖手旁观享受胜利果实。
spoiled ballot papers (= not valid because not correctly marked)（英）废选票 
They had broadcast calls for voters to spoil their ballot papers. 他们通过广播呼吁选民们投无效选票。
The results showed that 7.2% of the voters cast blank or spoiled ballots. 结果显示，7.2 %的选民投了空白或无效票。
the spoils of high office 身居高位的连带利益 
Competing warlords and foreign powers scrambled for political spoils. 相互争斗的军阀及外国列强们正在争夺政治上的收益。

vt.&vi.（使）（纸张、叶子等移动或互相摩擦时）发出轻轻的摩擦声或沙沙声:
vt. 偷窃牲口:
rustle |[ˈrʌsl]
the sound of the trees rustling in the breeze 树木在微风中发出的沙沙声 
The leaves rustled in the wind. 叶子在风中沙沙作响。
She rustled her papers impatiently. 她不耐烦地把文件翻得沙沙作响。
The wind rustled in the bushes. 风吹得灌木丛沙沙作响。
the sound of their feet rustling through the grass 他们走过高草时的窸窣脚步声

n. [C]（某事发生时）让人从此事上转移注意力的东西:
n. [C, U] 改变某人或某事物所跟随的方向，或改变用途。如转向；转移；偏离:
n. [C] [正式]（尤指为了转移注意力而进行的）娱乐活动、消遣活动:
n. [C, U] 绕路:
n. [C] [英]（美式英语用detour）（原有道路被关闭时的）临时绕行路、临时支路:
diversion |[daɪˈvɜ:ʃn;美-ˈvɜ:rʒn]
For the government, the war was a welcome diversion from the country's economic problems. 政府欢迎这场战争，因为它转移了人们对国家经济问题的注意力。
A smoke bomb created a diversion while the robbery took place. 劫案发生时，一枚烟雾弹转移了人们的视线。
The robbers threw smoke bombs to create a diversion. 劫匪扔烟幕弹来转移人们的视线。
The fire was started to create a diversion, allowing some prisoners to escape. 放火是为了转移人们的注意力，让一些囚犯越狱。
The whole argument is a diversion. 这场辩论分散了人们的注意力。
TV provided a welcome diversion from our routine. 电视很好地调节了我们的刻板生活。
The pilot set the aircraft up for a diversion to the nearest suitable airfield. 飞行员调整好飞机，飞向距离最近的适合降落的机场。
the diversion of a ship to Lebanon with $8m worth of aluminium on board 前往黎巴嫩的装有价值800万美元铝的船只改换航道 
a river diversion project 河流改道工程 
the diversion of water from the river into the reservoir 把水从河引入水库 
We made a short diversion to go and look at the castle. 我们绕了一小段路去参观城堡。
From Poiso we make a short diversion to drive to the top of the mountain. 从普瓦索我们绕了一小段路以便开车到山顶。
the diversion of funds from the public to the private sector of industry 资金从公有企业向私有企业的转移 
the illegal diversion of profits from secret arms sales 秘密军火交易所获利润的非法转移
Finger painting is very messy but an excellent diversion. 用手指画画是很脏，但却是一项极好的消遣。
The party will make a pleasant diversion. 晚会会是一个很不错的消遣。
The city is full of diversions. 城市里各种娱乐活动比比皆是。
The party would make a pleasant diversion in his rather dull social life. 这个聚会可以非常好地调剂一下他相当沉闷的社交生活。
We made a short diversion to go and look at the castle. 我们绕了一小段路去参观城堡。
From Poiso we make a short diversion to drive to the top of the mountain. 从普瓦索我们绕了一小段路以便开车到山顶。
They turned back because of traffic diversions. 因为交通要临时绕行，他们掉头了。
temporary 临时支路 o A temporary diversion has been set up to take traffic away from the accident site. 已经设定临时支路，以便车辆绕过事故现场。
The road will be closed for two days; diversions have been signposted. 这条路将封闭两天，已用路标标出绕行路线。
The main road is now closed and diversions are in operation.主路现已封闭，支路可以通行。

~ (that…) 不满的原因；作出的抱怨、埋怨:
2 [U] 抱怨或埋怨的行为:
n. [C]（尤指不严重、常影响身体某部位的）疾病:
~ (that…) 投诉、控告:
2 [U] 投诉或控告的行为:
complaint |[kəmˈpleɪnt]
If you have a complaint about shoes bought from a shop covered by the Footwear Code, there are several ways of putting the matter right. 如果对在Footwear Code旗下零售店里买的鞋有不满意的地方，有几种解决问题的方式。
I've got no complaints about them. 对他们我没什么意见。
I believe you have a complaint against one of our nurses. 我认为你对我们的一位护士有怨言。
I'd like to make a complaint about the noise. 我要就噪音问题提出投诉。
a complaint that he had been unfairly treated 抱怨说他受到了不公正待遇 
My only complaint is that the website is a little difficult to use. 我唯一的不满是这网站使用起来有点儿难。
One of the chief complaints is the cost. 主要的意见之一是成本问题。
I have a complaint about the food. 我对这些食物有意见。
a complaint about working conditions 对工作条件的不满 
a complaint from a customer 顾客的抱怨 
a complaint of unfair dismissal 对不正当解雇的投诉! 
to make a complaint to the authorities 向当局申诉 
I can see no grounds for complaint. 我看没理由抱怨。
The way I was treated gave me no cause for complaint. 我得到的待遇让我没有理由抱恶。
a chorus of complaint 一片抱怨声 
a matter of complaint（英，法律）抱怨的事由 
Eczema is a common skin complaint which often runs in families. 湿疹是一种常见的皮肤病，通常具遗传性。
minor complaint 小病 
chronic complaint 慢性病 
Not being able to sleep at night is a very common complaint. 晚上睡不好觉是很常见的毛病。
back, chest complaint 背部疾病；胸部疾病 
physical complaint 身体疾病 
medical complaint 疾病 
He has a minor skin complaint. 他有轻微的皮肤病。
The most common complaint is about poor service. 最常见的投诉与服务差有关。
We received a number of complaints from customers about the lack of parking facilities. 我们收到了来自顾客的许多投诉，抱怨缺乏停车设施。
There's been a record number of complaints about the standard of service on Britain's railways. 有关英国铁路服务水平的投诉空前的多。
People have been reluctant to make formal complaints to the police. 人们不愿向警方作出正式投诉。
I'd like to make a complaint about the noise. 我要就噪音问题提出投诉。
a formal complaint 正式控告 
to file/lodge (= make) a complaint（正式）提出控告 
consumer, customer complaint 消费者投诉；顾客投诉 
citizen complaint（美）市民投诉 
civil, criminal（美）民事投诉；刑事投诉 
discrimination, harassment complaint 歧视投诉；骚扰投诉 
ethics complaint（美）道德方面的投诉 
He brought a complaint against his former manager. 他投诉他以前的经理。
They filed a complaint with the Commission. 他们向委员会操交投诉。
We have had some serious complaints from parents. 找们收到家长的一些严正投诉。
The tribunal heard complaints against the director. 审理委员会听取了对那名主管的控告。complaints arising from late payment 由拖欠付款引发的投诉 
a complaint against the police 对警方提出的控告 
a complaint of unfair dismissal 对不正当解雇的投诉! 
to make a complaint to the authorities 向当局申诉 
complaint procedure（美）, complaints procedure（英）, complaint system（美）申诉程序；投诉程序；控告制度 
complaint letter（尤美）（英美通常用letter of complaint）投诉信 
complaint form 投诉表


combine or cause to combine to form a single entity:combine或导致合并形成一个实体
blend or cause to blend gradually into something else so as to become indistinguishable from it:blend或cause逐渐融入其他事物以致于无法与它区别开来
absorb (a title or estate) in another.:absorb（头衔或财产）在另一个人身上。
(of a motor vehicle) move from one lane into a gap in the traffic in another lane:（机动车）从一条车道驶入另一条车道的车流空隙
(of traffic) begin to form fewer lines, especially as a result of lanes or roads combining:（交通）开始形成更少的线，特别是由于车道或道路合并
an act or instance of merging:合并的行为或实例
an instance of traffic beginning to form fewer lines, especially as a result of lanes or roads combining:交通开始形成较少线路的实例，尤其是由于车道或道路合并
merge |məːdʒ| Noun/Verb/:合并,融合
a white car merged into the lane in front of us:一辆白色汽车并入我们前面的车道
traffic was merging due to construction:traffic因施工而合并
a beautiful merge of the old and the new:新与旧的完美融合
the turn is more like a merge than a standard right turn:theturn更像是合并而不是标准的右转

so precious that its value cannot be determined:珍贵到无法估量
very amusing:非常有趣
priceless |ˈprʌɪslɪs| Adjective/:无价,无价的,价值连城
priceless works of art:无价的艺术品
darling, you're priceless!:darling，你是无价之宝！

conferred as an honour, without the usual requirements or functions:授予荣誉，没有通常的要求或功能
(of a person) holding an honorary title or position:（某人）持有荣誉头衔或职位
(of an office or its holder) unpaid:（办公室或其持有人的）未付
honorary |ˈɒn(ə)rəri| Adjective/:名誉,名誉的,荣誉
an honorary doctorate:名誉博士学位
an honorary fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons:英国皇家外科学院荣誉院士
Honorary Secretary of the Association:协会名誉秘书长

adj. 1（某人的坏习惯或行为）积习难改的、难以根除的:
2（局势或问题）长期存在的、难以根除的:
adj. 1（疾病）长期的、难以治愈的，即慢性的:
2 长期患病的:
adj. [英，非正式] 糟透的:
chronic |[ˈkrɒnɪk;美ˈkrɑ:n-]
Anyone who does not believe that smoking is an addiction has never been a chronic smoker. 不相信抽烟能上瘾的人肯定不是老烟民。
a chronic worrier 总是忧心忡忡的人 
the country's chronic unemployment problem 该国长期存在的失业问题 
a chronic shortage of housing in rural areas 农村地区住房的长期匮乏 
There is a chronic shortage of patrol cars in this police district. 这个治安辖区严重缺乏巡逻车辆。
One cause of the artist's suicide seems to have been chronic poverty. 那位艺术家自杀的一个原因似乎是极端贫困。
chronic bronchitis, chronic arthritis, chronic asthma 慢性支气管炎；慢性关节炎；慢性哮喘 
chronic back pain 慢性背痛 
chronic alcoholic, chronic depressive 慢性酒精中毒者；长期抑郁症患者
The film was just chronic. 这部电影简直糟透了。

(of an activity at a school or college) pursued in addition to the normal course of study:（学校或学院的活动）在正常学习课程之外进行的
outside the normal routine, especially that provided by a job or marriage:在日常生活之外，尤其是工作或婚姻提供的
extracurricular |ˌɛkstrəkəˈrɪkjʊlə| Adjective/:课外,课外活动,课余
extracurricular activities include sports, music, and gym clubs:课外活动包括体育、音乐和健身俱乐部
Harriet's extracurricular sweetheart:Harriet的课外甜心

n. [C] 公共建筑物入口内部的一大片区域（人们可在此处会面或等候），即门厅、大厅:
n. 1 [C]（就某问题企图影响从政者的）游说团体:
2 [C, sing.] [英]（一群人就某问题企图影响从政者的）游说:
vt.&vi. ~ (sb) (for/against sth) 游说（政府官员、委员会委员等）:
n. [C]（英国议会的）民众接待厅（人们可在此处见到议员并与其交谈）:
lobby |[ˈlɒbi;美ˈlɑ:bi]
a hotel lobby 旅馆大厅 
I met her in the lobby of the museum. 我在博物馆的前厅遇见了她。
The gun lobby is/are against any change in the law. 赞同拥有枪支的团体反对作任何法律上的修改。
Agricultural interests are some of the most powerful lobbies in Washington. 农业利益集团是华盛顿最具影响力的游说团体之一。
He set up this lobby of independent producers. 他组织了这个由独立生产商组成的游说团。
a powerful anti-smoking lobby 声势浩大的反吸烟团体 
anti-abortion, anti-hunt, environmental, gun, industrial, nuclear, political lobby 反堕胎游说团体；反狩猎游说团体；环境保护游说团体；枪支自由游说团体；行业游说团体；核能游说团体；政治游说团体 
lobby group, lobby organization 游说团体；游说组织 
Mary groups have together formed a lobby against cuts in education. 许多团体联合形成了一个反对削减教育经费的游说团体。
Residents have organized a lobby for improved local facilities. 居民组织了游说团体争取改善当地的设施。
a recent lobby of Parliament by pensioners 领养老金者近来在议会的游说 
Farmers will lobby Congress for higher subsidies. 农民将游说国会提高对农业的补贴。
Women's groups are lobbying to get more public money for children. 妇女组织在对政府进行游说，要求增加对儿童的拨款。
Carers from all over the UK lobbied Parliament last week to demand a better financial deal. 英国各地的家庭看护人员上周向议会游说，要求改善经济待遇。
Gun control advocates are lobbying hard for new laws. 枪械管制支持者正努力游说通过新法。
Head teachers have been lobbying hard against education cuts. 校长们一直在为反对削减教育经费而积极游说。
The group successfully lobbied for changes in the law. 这个团体为修订法律进行了游说并获得成功。
The organization has been set up to lobby the government on behalf of all the people who have lost their pensions.创建这个组织旨在为所有失去养老金的人向政府游说。

adj. 用之不竭的:
inexhaustible |[ˌɪnɪgˈzɔ:stəbl]
an inexhaustible supply of good jokes 讲不完的精彩笑话 
Her energy is inexhaustible. 她有无穷的精力。
She has an inexhaustible supply of enthusiasm. 她有用不完的热情。
His energy was unbounded and his patience inexhaustible. 他有无穷的精力和无限的耐心。

adj. [只用于名词前]（常幽默）总会发生的（以致于让人每次都期待的），如照例必有的、惯常的:
adj. 不可避免的；无法防止的:
n. [sing.] the inevitable可指不可避免的事、必然发生的事:
inevitable |[ɪnˈevɪtəbl]
the English and their inevitable cups of tea 英格兰人和他们例行的饮茶
It was an inevitable consequence of the decision. 那是这个决定的必然后果。
It was inevitable that there would be job losses. 裁员已是不可避免的事。
A rise in the interest rates seems inevitable. 提高利率似乎是不可避免的。
If the case succeeds, it is inevitable that other trials will follow. 如果该案胜诉,其他审判必然随之而来。
The defeat had inevitable consequences for British policy. 战败对英国政策不可避免地产生了影响。
The scandal made her resignation inevitable. 丑闻使得她不得不辞职。
They came to see defeat as inevitable. 他们逐渐认识到失败是不可避免的。
She bowed to the inevitable (= accepted a situation in which she had no choice）and resigned. 她迫于无奈，只得辞职。
You have to accept the inevitable. 你得接受必然发生的事。
The inevitable happened--I forgot my passport. 逃不掉的事情发生了——我忘了带护照。

n. [U]（危险物质对另一种物质或一个地方造成的）污染:
contamination |[kən-ˌtæmɪˈneɪʃn]
serious, widespread contamination 严重的污染；大范围的污染 
environmental, food, soil, water contamination 环境污染；食品污染；土壤污染；水污染 
bacterial, chemical, radioactive contamination 细菌污染；化学污染；放射性污染 
There is already a high level of environmental contamination. 环境污染的程度已经很高。
Always keep food covered to prevent contamination by flies. 食物需要一直盖着，防止苍蝇污染。
There is a danger of serious contamination from radioactive waste. 放射性废弃物有可能造成严重污染。
Wash everything thoroughly to avoid contamination with bacteria. 把所有东西彻底洗净，以避免细菌污染。
a risk of contamination 污染的风险 
a source of contamination 污染源

vt. 正式暂停一段时间；使暂停发挥作用（或使用等）:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (from sth) 使某人暂时停职、停课、停赛等:
vi. ~ (on/over sth) 尽量避免做某事或回答问题而使自己拥有更多时间，即故意拖延（以赢得时间）:
vt. 让某人等候（以使自己有更多时间做某事），即拖住某人（以赢得时间做某事）:
vt. 正式推迟、延缓:
vt. be suspended in sth [术语] 在液体或气体中悬浮（而不移动）:
vt. ~ sth/sb (from sth) (by/on sth) 悬挂、吊在…上:
suspend |[səˈspend]
Funding for the new building has been temporarily suspended. 建造这座新楼的拨款被暂时中止。
The government has decided to suspend production at the country's biggest lead plant. 政府已经决定中止在该国最大工厂的生产。
Production has been suspended while safety checks are carried out. 在进行安全检查期间生产暂停。
They have the power to suspend subsidy payments. 他们有权中止支付补贴。
A UN official said aid programs will be suspended until there's adequate protection for relief convoys. 一名联合国官员说将会暂停援助项目，直到援助车队能够得到充分的保护为止。
The constitution was suspended as the fighting grew worse. 鉴于战斗趋于激烈，宪法暂停实施。
The union suspended strike action this week. 这周工会暂停了罢工。
In the theatre we willingly suspend disbelief (= temporarily believe that the characters, etc. are real). 在剧院看戏时，我们自愿对一切暂不置疑。
We both got suspended for fighting. 我俩因打架双双被勒令停课。
The girls had been suspended from school for five days. 这些女生被停课五天。The police officer was suspended while the complaint was investigated. 投诉调查期间，这位警员被暂停职务。
Julie was suspended from her job shortly after the incident. 出事后不久，朱莉就被停职了。
She was suspended pending the outcome of the police investigation. 等待警方调查结果期间，她被暂停职务。
She has been suspended on full pay following a disciplinary hearing. 在纪检听证会之后她受到停职处理，但发全额薪水。
The players will be automatically suspended. 这些运动员将自动停赛。
They are still stalling on the deal. 他们仍在拖时间，而不急于达成协议。
‘What do you mean? ’ she asked, stalling for time. “你这是什么意思？”她问，故意拖延着时间。
He asked them all kinds of pointless questions, stalling for time. 他向他们提了各种毫无意义的问题来拖延时间。
Some parties have accused the governor of stalling. 有些党派指责州长在拖延时间。
Thomas had spent all week stalling over his decision. 托马斯磨了整个星期，迟迟不想做出决定。
See if you can stall her while I finish searching her office. 你看能不能拖住她，我好把她的办公室搜查完。
Shop manager Brian Steel stalled the man until the police arrived. 商店经理布赖恩·斯蒂尔将那名男子拖住，直到警方赶到。
The introduction of the new system has been suspended until next year. 新制度推迟到明年再行实施。
to suspend judgement (= delay forming or expressing an opinion) 暂不判断
A lamp was suspended from the ceiling. 一盏吊灯悬在天花板上。
Her body was found suspended by a rope. 人们发现她的尸体吊在绳子上。
a mobile of birds or nursery rhyme characters which could be suspended over the cot. 能悬挂在摇篮上方、由小鸟或童谣故事人物组成的风动玩具           

adj.（尤指不愉快之事）很可能即将发生的:
imminent |[ˈɪmɪnənt]
the imminent threat of invasion 迫在眉睫的入侵威胁 
The system is in imminent danger of collapse. 这个体制面临着崩溃的危险。
There appeared no imminent danger. 眼前似乎没有危险。
They warned that an attack is imminent. 他们警告袭击即将发生。
Everyone had the feeling that disaster was imminent. 每个人都感觉到灾难即将来临。
imminent death 即将到来的死亡 
The guard blew his whistle to warn of the train's imminent departure. 列车长吹哨向大家示警火车即将启程。
An announcement about his resignation is imminent. 马上就要宣布他的辞职。

n. [U] [正式或医学]（人）病态的肥胖:
obesity |[əʊˈbi:səti;美oʊ-]
Obesity can increase the risk of heart disease. 肥胖会增加患心脏病的危险。
Sugar and fat can more easily lead to obesity than some other foods. 糖和脂肪比其它食物更易导致肥胖。

aid sb (with sth) 帮助某人或某事物去做某事（尤指通过使此事更容易），相当于assist，不过不如assist常用:
n. 1 [U] 送给处于困境中的国家（以帮助其摆脱困境）的资金、食物等，可称为援助物资:
2 [U]（执行某项任务所需要的）帮助:
3 [U] [正式]（给予某人的）帮助:
n. [C]（自己所使用的）用于帮助自己做某事的一件物品、一台机器等:
n. [C]（自己所使用的）用于帮助自己做某事的一件物品、一台机器等:
aid |[eɪd][eɪd]
The new test should aid in the early detection of the disease. 新的检测手段应该有助于早早检查出这种疾病。
This feature is designed to aid inexperienced users. 这个特色是为帮助没有经验的用户而设计的。
They were accused of aiding his escape. 他们被控帮助他逃跑。
Aided by strong winds, the fire quickly spread. 借助大风，火势迅速蔓延。
emergency aid 紧急援助 
humanitarian aid 人道主义援助 
economic, legal, medical, military, relief aid 经济援助；法律援助；医疗援助；军事援助；救济 
government aid 政府救济 
international aid 国际援助 
aid agency 救援机构 
aid budget 救援预算 
aid package 整套援助计划 
He was breathing only with the aid of a ventilator. 他只有靠呼吸器呼吸。
This job would be impossible without the aid of a computer. 这项工作不用计算机是不行的。
One of the staff saw he was in difficulty and came to his aid. 一名工作人员见他有困难，便过来帮忙。
She screamed loudly and two people came to her aid. 她大声尖叫，有两个人赶来帮忙。
We were collecting money in aid of charity. 我们在为慈善事业筹集善款。
She is now able to get around with the aid of a walking stick. 她现在能拄着拐杖走路了。
teaching, training, memory aid 教具；训练辅助器械；记忆辅助设备 
hearing, walking（英）, navigational aid 助听器；行走辅助器械；导航设备 
Dictionaries are essential aids to learning. 词典是辅助学习的必备工具。
teaching, training, memory aid 教具；训练辅助器械；记忆辅助设备 
hearing, walking（英）, navigational aid 助听器；行走辅助器械；导航设备 
Dictionaries are essential aids to learning. 词典是辅助学习的必备工具。

n. [C] ~ (to sth) 问题的解决办法，或艰难局面的处理手段:
n. [U] 在液体中的溶解过程:
n. [C, U] 溶液:
n. [C] ~ (to sth) 谜题或数学题的答案:
solution |[səˈlu:ʃn]
There's no simple solution to this problem. 这个问题没有简单的解决办法。
the ability to sort out simple, effective solutions to practical problems 找出简单有效的方法解决实际问题的能力 
Although he has sought to find a peaceful solution, he is facing pressure to use greater military force. 尽管他试图寻求和平解决，但现在却面临使用更多武力的压力。
Attempts to find a solution have failed. 试图找到解决办法的种种努力全都失败了。
Do you have a better solution? 你有更好的解决办法吗？
the solution of glucose in water 葡萄糖在水中的溶解
an alkaline solution 碱溶液 
saline solution 盐溶液 
a warm solution of liquid detergent 热洗涤剂溶液 
Vitamins in solution are more affected than those in solid foods. 溶液里的维生素比固体食物里的维生素受到的影响更大。
the solution to crossword No. 19721 第 19721 号纵横字谜的答案 
The solution to last week's quiz is on page 81. 上星期测验的答案在第81页。
