slash						砍伤，切口，削减
cognitive					认知的
extinguish					扑灭，毁灭，压抑，偿清
disadvantage				不利条件，不利地位
alien						外星人，外国的，陌生的，不相容的
barely					仅仅，几乎不
simulate					假装，模拟，模仿
prospective					预期的
interaction					交流，相互作用
materialize					实现，显现
contribute					捐献，提出，是...的原因之一
dishonest					不诚实的，欺骗性的
appeal					呼吁，上诉，吸引
applicant					申请人
intelligent					有才智的
spacious					宽敞的
fatal						致命的，灾难性的
counselor					咨询顾问
potential					潜在的，可能的，潜力
assimilate					吸收，同化
relieved					感到宽慰的
compel					强迫，强求
program					程序，课程
capacity					容纳的能力，产能，能力，职位
orient					使朝向，使适应，熟悉环境
the Orient					东方国家
undertaking					任务，企业，承诺
shift						挪动，转移
liberation					解放，解脱
utterly					完全的
\\\\\\\\

n. [C] [英式也用oblique] 斜杠符号，即/:
vt. [常用被动式]（常用于报章）大量削减:
vt.（尤指暴力地）用利器切、割:
n. [C]（用刀等）切:
vt.（用刀等）劈、砍某人或某事物:
n. [C]（用刀等）劈、砍:
vt. 开辟出一条路:
n. [C] 狭长的伤口、切口:
n. [sing.] [英，俚语] 撒尿:
slash |[slæʃ]
to slash costs, to slash prices, to slash fares 大幅降低成本；大幅降低价格；大幅削减交通费 
to slash budget 大幅削减预算 
His salary was slashed by 20%. 他的薪水降了20%。
The company dramatically slashed its forecasts for annual profits. 该公司大幅降低了年度利润预测。
The discount could be slashed from 15% to 10%. 折扣率可能从15%降低至10%。
Everyone agrees that subsidies have to be slashed. 所有人都同意必须大幅度削减补贴。
Inflation was slashed in half. 通货膨胀率降低了一半。
The workforce has been slashed by half. 职工人数裁减了一半。
Someone had slashed the tyres on my car. 有人把我的汽车轮胎割破了。
to slash throat 割喉 
She tried to kill herself by slashing her wrists. 她试图割腕自杀。
She slashed at him, aiming carefully. 她仔细地瞄准他劈了过去。
He slashed wildly at me with a knife. 他挥着刀子疯狂地向我砍来。
He slashed through the rope. 他砍断了那条绳子。
We had to slash our way through the undergrowth with sticks. 我们挥舞着木棍一路劈砍，才在密林里开出一条路，穿了过去。
a slash across his right cheek 他右脸上的一道刀伤 
Her mouth was a slash of red lipstick.（比喻用法）她的嘴就是口红抹出的一道缝。             
He's just nipped out to have a slash. 他刚才急急忙忙跑出去撒尿了。

relating to cognition:关于认知
cognitive |ˈkɒɡnɪtɪv| Adjective/:,认知
the cognitive processes involved in reading:阅读涉及的认知过程

vt. 毁灭、消灭、使破灭:
vt. 熄灭（火焰），（光）熄灭:
extinguish |[ɪkˈstɪŋgwɪʃ]
News of the bombing extinguished all hope of peace. 轰炸的消息使和平的希望全部破灭。
The message extinguished her hopes of Richard's return. 那条消息使她对理查德归来的希望彻底破灭。
Firefighters tried to extinguish the flames. 消防队员奋力救火。
It took about 50 minutes to extinguish the fire. 大约花了50分钟才把火扑灭。
The lights are extinguished as soon as the news conference is over. 新闻发布会一结束，灯光就熄灭了。
All lights had been extinguished.（正式）所有灯光都熄灭了。

disadvantage (to sth) 造成问题（或倾向于阻止某人或某事成功或进步）的事物，可称为不利因素，不利条件，障碍等:
disadvantage |[dɪsəd'vɑːntɪdʒ]
One major disadvantage of the area is the lack of public transport. 这个地区的一大不便之处就是缺少公共交通工具。
I was at a disadvantage compared to the younger members of the team. 与队里较年轻的队员相比，我处于不利地位。
economic, educational, social disadvantage 经济困难；教育劣势；社会地位低下 
cost disadvantage（尤美）成本劣势 
There are disadvantages to all those approaches. 所有那些方法都有弊端。

adj. ~ (to sb/sth) 陌生而令人害怕的、不熟悉的:
adj.（生物）来自外星的:
n. [C] 外星人、外星生物:
adj. ~ to sb/sth [贬] 不相容的、格格不入的:
adj. [常贬] 属于另一个国家、种族、社会或群体（通常指令人厌恶或惧怕的国家、种族、社会或群体）的，即外国的、异域的、异族的:
n. [C]（美式英语也用non-citizen）[法律用语或术语] 外国人、外侨:
alien |[ˈeɪliən]
an alien environment 陌生的环境 
In a world that had suddenly become alien and dangerous, he was her only security. 在一个突然变得陌生而危险的世界里，他是她唯一的守护神。
It was an act of violence that she found alien and shocking. 这是一起让她感到陌生和震惊的暴力行为。
They spoke a language totally alien to him. 他们说一种对他来说完全陌生的语言。
alien beings from outer space 外星人 
aliens from outer space 来自外太空的外星人 
space alien 外星人 
Do you genuinely believe that space aliens have landed on our planet? 你真的相信外星人来过我们的星球吗？
Few movies represent intelligent aliens as physically different from humans. 多数电影中有智慧的外星人几乎与人类长得差不多。
He was convinced that he'd been abducted by aliens. 他坚信自己被外星人绑架过。
In the movie aliens invade Earth. 该影片中，外星人入侵了地球。
The idea is alien to our religion. 这种思想与我们的宗教不相容。
Such an attitude is alien to most businessmen. 大多数商界人士都会对这样的态度感到陌生。
Cruelty was quite alien to him. 他绝无残忍之心。
an alien culture 异域文化 
He said they were opposed to the presence of alien forces in the region. 他说他们反对外国军队驻扎在该地区。
undocumented alien（美）未登记的侨民（即非法入境侨民）
Illegal aliens are usually deported to their country of origin. 非法外侨通常被逐回原籍国。
undesirable alien 不受欢迎的外国人 
resident alien 外籍居民 
It is illegal for employers to hire aliens not authorized for employment.（美）雇主雇用无就业许可的侨民是非法的。
Both women had hired illegal aliens for child care.（美）两个女人都曾雇过非法入境者照看孩子。
During the war, he was imprisoned as an enemy alien. 战争期间，他作为敌国侨民被关押。

only just; almost not:
only a very short time before:只有很短的时间之前
in a simple and sparse way:以一种简单而稀疏的方式
openly; explicitly.:
barely |ˈbɛːli| Adverb/:,勉强
she nodded, barely able to speak:她点点头，几乎不能说话
they had barely sat down before forty policemen swarmed in:他们刚坐下，四十名警察就蜂拥而至
their barely furnished house:他们几乎没有家具的房子

vt. 模仿一种行为或感情:
vt. 用计算机、模型等模拟某种真实存在的条件（通常为了研究或训练之目的）:
vt. 模仿、冒充、被做得看起来像其它事物:
simulate |[ˈsɪmjuleɪt]
They rolled about on the Gilligan Road, simulating a bloodthirsty fight. 他们在吉利根路上翻滚，模拟一场暴力厮杀。
He performed a simulated striptease. 他模仿了一段脱衣舞表演。
I tried to simulate surprise at the news. 听到这个消息后，我竭力装出一副吃惊的样子。
Computer software can be used to simulate conditions on the seabed. 计算机软件可用于模拟海底状况。
The device simulates conditions in space quite closely. 这种装置逼真地模拟了太空环境。
The scientist developed one model to simulate a full year of the globe's climate. 这名科学家研制了一个模型来模拟地球全年的气候。
Cars are tested to see how much damage they suffer in simulated crashes. 已经对车辆进行了测试以确定其在模拟撞车试验中会遭受多大的损坏。
a gas heater that simulates a coal fire 模仿煤炉的煤气暖炉 
The wood had been painted to simulate stone. 木头上刷了漆以看起来像块石头。
Smoke was used to simulate steam coming from a smashed radiator. 用烟来模拟从撞碎的散热器中冒出的蒸汽。

adj. [常用于名词前] 被期望（或被预期）很快发生的，即行将发生的、即将来临的。相当于forthcoming:
adj. [常用于名词前] 被期望（或被预期）去做某事（或变成某事物）的，即有望的、可能的、潜在的:
prospective |[prəˈspektɪv]
They are worried about prospective changes in the law. 他们担心即将修改法律。
the terms of the prospective deal 即将达成的交易的条款
The story should act as a warning to other prospective buyers. 这篇报道应该对其他潜在的购买者起到警示作用。
When his prospective employers learned that he smoked, they said they wouldn't hire him. 本有可能雇用他的老板们得知他吸烟后，说他们不会雇他。
prospective candidate 潜在的候选人 
prospective visitor 可能的到访者 
prospective investor 潜在的投资者 
prospective customer 潜在的顾客

n. [U, C]（各物质间的）相互作用:
~ (with sb) 人与人之间的互动:
2 [U, C]（人与计算机或计算机与其他机器之间的）交互、互动:
interaction |[ˌɪntərˈækʃn]
the interaction of bacteria with the body's natural chemistry 细菌和身体的天然化学变化的相互作用 
the complex interaction between animals and their environment 动物与生存环境之间复杂的相互影响
the interaction between performers and their audience 演员和观众之间的互动 
social interaction 社会交际 
human interaction 人与人的交流 
face-to-face, group, two-way interaction 面对面互动；集体互动；双向交流 
classroom interaction 课堂上的互动 
What is her interaction with her boss like? 她和老板相互配合得怎么样?
interaction within the group 群体内的互动 
Specific patterns of interaction in the family have been observed. 已经观察到家庭内部有一些具体的互动模式。
the interaction processes of chimpanzees 黑猩猩之间的交流过程 
Informal interaction among employees is seen as part of the ongoing training process. 员工之间随意的交流被视为当前培训过程的一部分。

vi.（通常用于否定式）实现；使某事按照预期或计划发生、成为现实:
vi. 突然显现；神奇（而无法解释）地突然出现:
materialize |[məˈtɪəriəlaɪz;美-ˈtɪr-]
The promotion he had been promised failed to materialize. 答应给他晋升的许诺未能实现。
The hoped-for boom never materialized. 期待的繁荣从未变为现实。
The rise in share prices failed to materialize. 股价上涨没有发生。
A rebellion by radicals failed to materialize. 激进分子的叛乱没有得逞。
None of the anticipated difficulties materialized. 预想中的困难全都没有出现。
We learned we must take threats seriously before they fully materialize. 我们认识到我们必须认真对待这些威胁以免其全部成为现实。
A tall figure suddenly materialized at her side. 一个高高的身影突然出现在她的身边。
A waiter suddenly materialized at her elbow. 一位侍者突然出现在她身边。
Tamsin materialized at her side, notebook at the ready. 塔姆辛从她身旁冒了出来，且备好了笔记本。
A moment or two later champagne in an ice-bucket materialized beside them. 片刻之后，他们身边出现了一只装着香槟的冰桶。
The train failed to materialize (= it did not come).（非正式用法）列车始终没有来。

vi. contribute (to sth) 是…的原因之一:
vt.＆vi. contribute (sth) to sth 增加、改进、添加（到某事物）:
vt.＆vi. 在一次会议或谈话期间讲话（尤指为发表自己的观点）。不太常用:
vt.＆vi. contribute (sth) (to sth) 为报刊、杂志、广播节目或电视节目撰稿:
vt.＆vi. contribute (sth) (to/towards sth) 通过给予的方式（尤指给予钱物）来帮助某人或某事物，可称为捐赠、捐献、捐助:
contribute |[kən'trɪbju:t]
a contributing factor 促成因素 
Several factors might contribute to the development of the disease. 几个因素可能对病情的发展有影响。
countries that contribute disproportionately to global warming 加剧全球变暖效应的国家 
Unemployment contributes directly to homelessness. 失业对无家可归的情况有直接影响。
to contribute to the development of eating disorders 导致饮食紊乱 
Immigrants have contributed to British culture in many ways. 移民在许多方面都对英国文化有所贡献。
This book contributes little to our understanding of the subject. 此书对我们了解这门学科助益甚少。
His research has contributed enormously to our understanding of this disease. 他的研究对我们认识这一疾病贡献很大。
Parental involvement contributes significantly to children’s learning. 父母的参与对孩子学习有重要的作用。
We hope everyone will contribute to the discussion. 我们希望大家都能参与讨论。
He had very little to contribute to the conversation. 他在这次谈话中几乎什么也没说。
She contributed a number of articles to the magazine. 她给这家杂志撰写了一些稿件。
a photographer who contributed regularly to ‘The Face’ 定期向《面孔》杂志投稿的一位摄影师
I contributed £900 to the earthquake fund. 我向地震基金捐赠了900 英镑。
Would you like to contribute to our collection? 您愿意给我们的募捐捐款吗？
to contribute generously to the appeal 为这一呼吁慷慨解囊 
financially contribute 财务上捐助 
a situation where husband and wife contribute equally to the family budget 夫妻双方平等负担家庭预算的情况

adj. 不诚实的，旨在骗人的:
dishonest |[dɪsˈɒnɪst;美-ˈɑ:n-]
Beware of dishonest traders in the tourist areas. 在旅游区一定要谨防奸商。
I don't like him, and it would be dishonest of me to pretend otherwise. 我不喜欢他，如果假装喜欢，那就是我不诚实了。
You have been dishonest with me. 你对我不诚实。
It would be dishonest not to present the data as fairly as possible. 不把数据尽可能如实公开并非诚信之举。
What they are doing is not considered dishonest. 他们正在做的事不算是骗人。
I think he's downright dishonest! 我认为他一点儿也不老实!
to be intellectually dishonest 学术不端

n. [U] 吸引力，魅力，感染力:
vi. appeal (to sb) 吸引某人，或引起其兴趣:
vi. appeal (to sb) (for sth) 发出严肃而急切的请求，即呼吁，恳求:
appeal to sb to do sth（尤指慈善机构或警方发出的）紧急且深切的呼吁，恳求（呼吁得到金钱、信息或帮助）:
vi. appeal (to sth) 通过向某人说明某事是公平的、正义的或合理的等来劝说其做某事，即打动，启发，劝说，激发:
n. [C] appeal to sth 可指一个好的、公平的或理性的人以某种方式所表现出的一种被启发或被打动的状态，可以称为启发或打动:
n. [C, U] appeal (against sth) 向法院或当权者提出的正式请求，请求更改判决，即上诉，申诉:
vi. appeal (to sb/sth) (against sth) 上诉，申诉:
appeal |[ə'pi:l]
mass appeal 对大众的吸引力 
aesthetic, emotional, intellectual, visual appeal 美感；情感上的感染力；知性魅力；视觉上的感染力 
Unfortunately the movie lacks commercial appeal. 很可惜，这部电影没有卖点。
sex appeal 性魅力 
His views hold no appeal for me. 他的观点我不感兴趣。
the appeal of classical music 古典音乐的魅力 
to lose appeal 失去吸引力
The prospect of a long wait in the rain did not appeal. 想到要在雨中久等使人扫兴。
to appeal to all ages 老幼皆宜 
The idea of retiring early really appeals to me. 提前退休这个想法，我很感兴趣。
Computer games used to appeal primarily to boys. 以前主要是男孩子喜欢电脑游戏。
to appeal for calm 呼吁保持冷静 
Police have appealed for witnesses to come forward. 警方呼吁证人挺身而出。
to launch a TV appeal for donations to the charity 通过电视呼吁为该慈善事业捐赠 
a look of silent appeal 默默恳求的目光 
The police made an appeal to the public to remain calm. 警方呼吁公众保持冷静。
to appeal to the public’s sense of justice 激发民众的正义感 
I relied on an appeal to his finer feelings. 我寄望能打动他的爱心。
appeal court（英）, appeals court（美）上诉法庭 
appeal hearing 上诉听证会 
appeals procedure 上诉程序 
On appeal it was held that the judge was correct. 上诉维持了法官的原判。
an appeal against his conviction of fraud 不服对他犯诈骗罪判决的上诉 
grounds of appeal（英）上诉的理由 
You have the right of appeal to the High Court. 你有权向高等法院提出上诉。
The players have been suspended pending appeal. 这些选手已被暂停比赛，等待上诉。
She appealed unsuccessfully against her conviction for murder. 她不服被判谋杀罪提出上诉，但失败了。
The company is appealing against the ruling. 公司正对判决提出申诉。
to appeal to the High Court 向高等法院提出上诉

n. [C] applicant (for sth)（发出一份正式请求的）申请人（尤指求职或进入高等学校等）:
n. [C] applicant (for sth)（发出一份正式请求的）申请人（尤指为进入高等学校等）:
applicant |['æplɪkənt]
There were over 500 applicants for the job. 有500多人申请这份工作。
student applicant 申请的学生 
job applicant 求职者 
visa applicant 签证申请人 
asylum applicant 申请政治避难的人
college, student applicant 大学里的申请者；申请的学生

having or showing intelligence, especially of a high level:具有或表现出智力，尤其是高水平的
(of a device or building) able to vary its state or action in response to varying situations and past experience.:（设备或建筑物的）能够根据不同的情况和过去的经验改变其状态或动作。
(of a computer terminal) incorporating a microprocessor and having its own processing capability.:（计算机终端的）包含微处理器并具有自己的处理能力。
intelligent |ɪnˈtɛlɪdʒ(ə)nt| Adjective/:,智能
Anna is intelligent and hard-working:Anna聪明勤奋

adj. [褒]（房间或建筑物）宽敞的:
spacious |[ˈspeɪʃəs]
The house has a spacious kitchen and dining area. 这座房子有一个宽敞的厨房和用餐区。
The house benefits from a deceptively spacious kitchen(= that is larger than it seems). 房子的厨房要比看上去大，这一点不错。

adj. 1（事故或疾病）导致死亡的，即致命的、致死的:
2（行为）导致灾难或失败的，如灾难性的:
fatal |[ˈfeɪtl]
fatal accident, fatal blow, fatal illness 致命的事故；致命的一击；致命的疾病 
a potentially fatal form of cancer 潜在致死型癌症 
If she gets ill again it could prove fatal. 如果她再患病，就会有性命之忧。
the fatal stabbing of a police sergeant 对警官致命的一刺 
A hospital spokesman said she had suffered a fatal heart attack. 医院发言人说她死于心脏病发作。
He has not driven since his nearly fatal accident earlier this year.（nearly fatal尤为美式用法；英式用near-fatal）自从今年较早时那次差点儿丧命的车祸之后，他就没有开过车。
The disease is potentially fatal. 这种疾病可能会致命。
This kind of accident is almost always fatal for the pilot. 飞行员遇到这类事故，几乎无一幸免于难。
a chemical which is invariably fatal to small mammals 对小型哺乳动物无一例外会致命的一种化学品 
fatal error, fatal mistake 灾难性的错误 
Any delay would be fatal. 任何延误都可能导致失败。
There was a fatal flaw in the plan. 计划中有一个致命的缺陷。
It'd be fatal to try and stop them now. 现在要试图制止他们就会导致灾难性后果。
It would clearly be fatal for Europe to quarrel seriously with America. 欧洲若与美国反目显然会有致命的后果。
He made the fatal mistake of compromising early. 他犯了过早妥协的致命错误。
a possibly fatal setback to his plans 可能导致他计划完全失败的因素 
Her disregard of this advice was ultimately fatal. 她不听这个建议，结局是灾难性的。
Tax increases have proved fatal to the nation's business community. 事实已证明，加税对该国的企业界造成了致命打击。

 The following are some of the feelings you may experience after being raped. A counselor can help you with deal with these feelings.  如果你曾经有类似的经历，那么你应该也会有下面的一些感受，一位顾问会帮助你处理这些感受。
 During your visit, the doctor, nurse, or health counselor also can help you think through how to tell your parents.  在这期间，医生，护士或健康顾问也可以帮助你思考如果告诉你的父母。
 The bureau then had one complaints counselor and now has four.  该局的投诉顾问也由那时的一个变成了四个。
counselor || n. 顾问；法律顾问；参事（等于counsellor）/



n. [U] 存在并可以得到开发的品质，如潜力、潜质，相当于promise:
n. [U, C] 物理学中可指电场或电路中两点之间的电压数之差，即电势、电位、电压:
adj. 只用于名词前，指在未来可能发展成某事物的，或在未来可能得到发展的。即潜在的、可能的，相当于possible:
n. [U] potential (for/for doing sth) 某事发生（或得到发展、被使用）的可能性:
potential |[pə'tenʃl]
He has the potential to become a world-class musician. 他有潜力成为世界级的音乐家。
You aren’t using your computer to its full potential. 你没有充分发挥计算机的潜能。
commercial, economic potential 商业潜力；经济潜力 
an industry that has the potential for growth 有发展潜力的行业 
the product’s potential 这款产品的潜力 
The house has a lot of potential. 这所房子颇具潜力。
potential customers 潜在的客户 
a potential prime minister 未来的首相 
potential problems 潜在的问题 
a potential source 潜在的来源
the potential for change 变革的可能性 
excellent potential for increasing sales 增加销售的大好机遇

vt. 消化、吸收、彻底理解（新的思想、技术、信息等，达到为我所用的程度）:
vt.&vi. ~ (sb) (into/to sth)（一个国家、群体）将一个人同化:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sth into/to sth 使吸收，使接受（想法、态度等）:
assimilate |[əˈsɪməleɪt]
The committee will need time to assimilate this report. 委员会需要时间来吃透这个报告。
Children assimilate new information very quickly. 儿童接受新信息非常快。
New arrivals find it hard to assimilate. 新来者感到难以融入当地社会。
There is every sign that new Asian-Americans are just as willing to assimilate. 种种迹象表明新一代亚裔美国人也愿意入乡随俗。
His family tried to assimilate into the white and Hispanic communities. 他一家人试图融入白人和西班牙裔社区。
Immigrants have been successfully assimilated into the community. 外来移民顺利地融入当地社会。
Many new immigrants have not yet assimilated fully into the new culture. 许多新移民还没有充分融入新的文化中。
These changes were gradually assimilated into everyday life. 这些改变逐渐渗进了日常生活。
I was speechless, still trying to assimilate the enormity of what he'd told me. 我无话可说，一时还无法接受他对我所说之事的严重性。

~ (that…)（因坏事停止或坏事没有发生而）感到开心或放心的、如释重负的:
relieved |[rɪˈli:vd]
adj. ~ (to see, hear, find, etc. sth) 
She sounded relieved. 她听上去很放心。
You'll be relieved to know your jobs are safe. 现在知道你们的工作保住了，可以放心了。
I'm just relieved that nobody was hurt. 谁都没有受伤，我深感宽慰。
They exchanged relieved glances. 他们如释重负地彼此看了看。
We are all relieved to be back home. 回到家里我们都感到安心了。
I am very relieved that it is over. 这件事结束之后我感到轻松极了。
I was secretly relieved when Tony said it was time to turn back. 听到托尼说该回去了时我偷偷松了口气。
We were greatly relieved at the news of their safe return. 听说他们平安归来后，我们如释重负。

vt. [正式] 强迫某人去做某事:
vt. [正式] [不用于进行时] 引起某种反应:
vt. [正式] 用于feel compelled to结构，表示使某事成为必须:
compel |[kəmˈpel]
The law can compel fathers to make regular payments for their children. 这项法律可强制父亲定期支付子女的费用。
the legislation to compel cyclists to wear a helmet 强制骑自行车者戴头盔的法律 
Last year ill health compelled his retirement. 去年他因身体不好被迫退休了。
She was compelled to take in washing to help support her family. 她被迫在家替人洗衣服，以贴补家用。
He spoke with an authority that compelled the attention of the whole crowd. 他用权威的口气讲话，引起了整个人群的注意。
I feel compelled to write and tell you how much I enjoyed your book. 我觉得必须写信告诉你我是多么欣赏你的书。
Dickens felt compelled to return to the stage for a final good-bye. 迪金斯觉得必须返回舞台作最后的道别。
I felt morally compelled to help. 我觉得从道义上我必须帮忙。

n. [C] 计算机程序:
vt.＆vi. 编写计算机程序:
program |['prəʊɡræm]
computer, software programme 计算机程序；软件程序 
database programme 数据库程序 
The programme creates simulations of real-life driving conditions. 该程序能够模拟真实的驾驶环境。
to learn program 学习编程 
The computer is programmed to warn users before information is deleted. 这台计算机编程时已设计在信息删除前提醒用户。

n. [C, usually sing.] 某人的职位、职能、职责:
~ (to do sth) 理解力、领悟力、办事能力:
2 [sing., U] 工厂、机器等的生产量，即生产能力:
n. 1 [U, C, usually sing.] 容器的容积或容量:
2 [sing.] （建筑、地方、车辆的）可容纳人数，载客量:
3 [C, U] 设备（尤指车辆发动机）的容积或功率:
capacity |[kəˈpæsəti]
official capacity 官职 
personal, private, unofficial（尤英） capacity 个人身份；非官方身份 
This article is written in a personal capacity. 本文是以个人名义所写。
voluntary capacity（尤英）志愿者身份 
professional capacity 专业职位 
acting, caretaker（英） capacity 代理职位 
advisory capacity 顾问职位 
judicial capacity（尤英）司法职位 
acting in her capacity as manager 以她作为经理的身份行事 
In my capacity as president, I would like to thank Jack for his hard work. 作为主席，我要感谢杰克的辛勤工作。
We are simply involved in an advisory capacity on the project. 我们只不过是以顾问身份参与这个项目。
I have worked in an advisory capacity with many hospitals. 我曾在多家医院做过顾问工作。
She visited the Philippines in her capacity as a Special Representative of Unicef. 她以联合国儿童基金会特别代表的身份访问了菲律宾。
She has an enormous capacity for hard work. 她特别能吃苦耐劳。
Her mental capacity and temperament are as remarkable as his. 她的才智和气质和他一样出众。
Children have an innate capacity to understand language. 儿童生来就有理解语言的能力。
intellectual capacity 智力 
the human capacity for compassion 人的同情心 
She seems to have lost the capacity to enjoy herself. 她似乎已经失去了享受快乐的能力。
This maths is beyond the capacity of most school children. 这道数学题超出了大多数学生的能力范围。
The mountain walk is well within the capacity of most fit people. 对大多数健康的人来说，走这山路不成问题。
her amazing capacity for organization 她出色的组织能力 
to increase my earning capacity 提高我赚钱的能力 
Limited resources are restricting our capacity for developing new products. 有限的资源正制约着我们开发新产品的能力。
Our capacity for giving care, love and attention is limited. 我们能够给予的关怀、关爱和关注是有限的。
economic, productive capacity 经济能力；生产能力 
production capacity 生产能力 
nuclear capacity 核力量 
The factory is working at full capacity. 这家工厂在开足马力生产。
The system was already at capacity. 该系统已经是满负荷运转了。
to operate at full capacity 满负荷运转 
the amount of spare capacity in the economy 经济中的剩余生产能力 
excess capacity in the oil industry 石油工业过剩的生产力 
spare capacity in the health service 剩余的医疗服务能力
a fuel tank with a capacity of 50 litres 可装50升油的油箱 
a total capacity of 50 litres 50升的总容量 
a dish of 150 ml capacity 容量为150毫升的盘子 
lung capacity 肺活量 
carrying, seating capacity 载客量；座位数量 
The theatre has a seating capacity of 2 000. 那座剧院能容纳2 000名观众。
capacity audience 满座的观众 
A capacity crowd of 76,000 people was at Wembley football stadium for the event. 温布利球场座无虚席，76,000人前来观看这场比赛。
The theatre was filled to capacity (= was full) for every performance. 剧场演出场场爆满。
The hall was filled to capacity (= was completely full). 大厅内座无虚席。
Toronto hospital maternity wards were filled to capacity. 多伦多医院的产房都已住满了。
an engine with a capacity of 1 600 ccs 一台容积为1.6升的发动机 
an aircraft with a bomb-carrying capacity of 454 kg 载弹量为454千克的飞机 
a feature which gave the vehicles a much greater fuel capacity than other trucks 使这些车辆的储油量远远超过其他卡车的一个特点 
a high capacity electric pump 抽水量很大的电泵 
large capacity disk drives 大容量磁盘驱动器 
disk, memory capacity 磁盘容量；记忆容量 
storage capacity 储存容量

When you orient yourself to a new situation or course of action, you learn about it and prepare to deal with it. 适应
orient |英 ['ɔːrɪənt; 'ɒr-]  美 ['orɪənt]| vt. 使适应；确定方向；使朝东/n. 东方；东方诸国/adj. 东方的/vi. 向东/n. (Orient)人名；(西)奥连特；(法)奥里安/
You will need the time to orient yourself to your new way of eating.你需要时间适应新的吃法。


n. [C]（尤指重大而艰巨的）项目:
~ (that…) [正式] [尤英，法律] 正式承诺（去做某事）:
n. [U] 丧葬业、殡仪业:
n. [C]（尤指重大而艰巨的）任务:
~ (that…) [正式] [尤英，法律] 正式保证（去做某事）:
undertaking |[ˈʌndəteɪkɪŋ;美-dərt-][ˌʌndəˈteɪkɪŋ;美-dərˈt-]
Organizing the show has been a massive undertaking. 组织那场演出是一项浩大的工程。
He is interested in buying the club as a commercial undertaking. 他有意购买那个俱乐部作为投资。
worthwhile undertaking 值得奋斗的事业 
We have to decide if this is a worthwhile commercial undertaking. 我们必须确定下来这一商业项目是否值得投资。
the first joint undertaking of the two societies 两个社团的第一次联手
a government undertaking to spend more on education 政府增加教育经费的承诺 
public undertaking 公开承诺 
He gave an undertaking not to leave the country before the trial. 他承诺在审判前不出国。
The factory failed to honour/honor its undertaking to stop dumping waste into the local river. 这个工厂没有兑现停止向当地河流倾倒垃圾的承诺。
In those days, the trip across country was a dangerous undertaking. 那个时期，越野旅行是一件危险的事情。
The landlord gave a written undertaking that the repairs would be carried out. 房东书面保证将进行维修。
The MOD gave an undertaking to Saville that it had provided him with all relevant material. 国防部向萨维尔保证已向他提供了所有相关的资料。
contractual undertaking 合同担保 

vt. 去除污迹等。相当于get rid of:
vt.&vi. ~ (yourself) [英，非正式] 快速移动，相当于hurry:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (from…) (to…)（使）从一地移动到另一地:
vi. ~ (from…) (to/towards/toward…)（一种情况、观点、态度、政策等）变动:
vt. ~ sth (from…) (to/towards/toward…) 改变对某事的观点或态度，或改变做事方式:
vt. ~ responsibility/blame (for sth) (onto sb) 转嫁责任，既可以是转嫁工作上的职责，也可以是转嫁做错事的责任:
n. 1 [C] ~ (in sth) 时空位置或方向的改变:
2 [C] 其它方面的转变、改变、变迁:
n. [C] 直筒式女连衣裙:
n. [C] 旧时妇女穿的直筒式内衣:
n. [U] [计算机]（计算机键盘或打字机上的）转换（键），换档（键）:
vt. 卖货，尤指出售难卖的货物:
n. [C] 工作的轮班:
n. [C] 轮班职工:
vi. [美] 驾驶的过程中换挡:
shift |[ʃɪft]
a detergent that shifts even the most stubborn stains 能去除极顽固的污渍的洗涤剂
Like many plays, this one shifts back and forth in time and place. 和许多剧一样，这部剧也是在时空上来回变换。
The action of the novel shifts from Paris to London. 小说情节从巴黎移到了伦敦。
Government grants are being shifted away from the capital to the regions. 政府拨款正逐步从首都转向地方。
He shifted his gaze from the child to her. 他把目光从孩子身上移到她身上。
Could you help me shift some furniture? 你能帮我挪几件家具吗？
He stopped, shifting his cane to his left hand. 他停了下来，将手杖移到左手。
He shifted from foot to foot. 他从一只脚换到另一只脚。
She shifted her weight from one foot to the other. 她把身体的重量从一只脚换到另一只脚上。
She shifted uncomfortably in her chair. 她在椅子上不安地动来动去。
Public attitudes towards marriage have shifted over the past 50 years. 50年来，公众对婚姻的态度已经改变。
Attitudes to mental illness have shifted in recent years. 最近几年对精神病的态度已有所改变。
His sympathies rapidly shifted to the side of the workers. 他的同情心很快转到了工人一边。
The balance of power shifted away from workers towards employers. 力量均势从工人向雇主倾斜。
These changes will shift the balance more towards/toward science subjects. 这些变化将进一步使天平向理科倾斜。
The emphasis should be shifted more towards Parliament. 重点应更多地转向议会。
I felt the advantage had suddenly shifted away from us. 我感到我们突然失去了优势。
constantly shifting alliances 不断变更的同盟 
We need to shift the focus of this debate. 我们需要转换一下辩论的焦点。
The new policy shifted the emphasis away from fighting inflation. 新政策不再把重点放在抑制通货膨胀上。
He tried to shift the blame for his mistakes onto his colleagues. 他自己犯了错误，却试图把责任推给同事。
It was a vain attempt to shift the responsibility for the murder to somebody else. 试图将谋杀的罪责转嫁给他人是徒劳的。
to shift the blame onto the government 把犯错的责任推给政府 
Their husbands try to shift the blame by accusing them of having 'suspicious minds'. 她们的丈夫指责她们“疑心太重”，试图以此来推诿责任。
We cannot simply shift the responsibility onto someone else. 我们不能简单地把责任推给别人。
a shift in direction 方向的改变 
climate, cultural, demographic, population, ideological, policy, power shift 气候变化；文化变迁；人口变化；意识形态转变；政策改变；权力转移 
paradigm shift 思维模式的转变 
These climate shifts occurred over less than a decade. 气候变化是在不到十年内出现的。
a shift in public opinion 民意的改变 
a shift in attitude, a shift in perspective 态度的转变；视角的转变 
The moment marked a significant shift in attitudes to the war. 这一刻标志着对战争的态度有了重大转变。
I detected a subtle shift towards our point of view. 我觉察到了一丝倾向赞同我方观点的细微变化。
a shift in emphasis, a shift in mood, a shift in tone 着重点的变化；心情的变化；语气的变化 
a shift in focus, a shift in policy, a shift in strategy 焦点的改变；政策的改变；战略的转变 
one factor which may explain the president's policy shift 也许可以解释总统政策变化的一个因素 
These proposals represent a dramatic shift in policy. 这些提案表明了政策的重大变化。
the shift away from direct taxation 从直接税收的转变 
a sudden shift to the right in politics 政治上的突然右倾 
a shift towards part-time farming 向兼营农业的转变 
The industry has undergone a fundamental shift in recent years. 该行业近年来经历了根本性的变革。
The toy industry is undergoing a seismic shift as more products are manufactured overseas. 因越来越多的产品在海外生产，玩具行业正经历一场巨大的变革。
the many shifts between verse and prose that occur in Shakespeare 莎士比亚作品中在诗体和散文体之间的诸多转换
a shift key 转换键
They cut prices drastically to try and shift stock. 他们大幅度降价，试图销出存货。
Some suppliers were selling at a loss to shift stock. 一些供应商赔本销售存货。          
double, long, split（尤英） shift 两班制；长班；轮班 
I agreed to work double shifts for a few weeks. 我同意上几周双班。
day, early shift 白班；早班 
late, swing（美） shift 晚班；（三班制中的）中班 
graveyard（尤美）, night, overnight shift 夜班 
eight-hour, ten-hour shift 八小时工作制；十小时工作制 
to work an eight-hour shift 按每班八小时轮班工作 
afternoon, evening, morning, weekend shift 下午班；晚班；上午班；周末班 
I'm doing the early shift this week. 这周我上早班。
He works the night shift. 他上夜班 
I didn't realize that I'd have to work shifts. 我没想到我还得轮班。
workers coming home from the afternoon shift 上完下午班回家的工人们 
It was 8.00 a.m. and the nurses were changing shifts. 早上8点，护士们正在交班。
My husband has changed his shifts, from the afternoon shift to the night one. 我丈夫已换了当班时间，从下午班变成了夜班。
shift work 轮班作业 
shift manager, shift worker 轮班工作的经理；轮班工作的工人 
shift pattern, shift system（均英）轮班模式；倒班制 
They'd altered his shift pattern twice in the past fortnight. 上个月他们让他换了两次班。
The shift change took place at 10 p.m. 换班时间是晚上10点。
a decision for the chief nurse on each shift 各班次值班护士长需要做的一个决定
The night shift has/have just come off duty. 上夜班的刚刚下班。
to shift into second gear 换成二挡       

n. [C] 使一个国家或人从另一人的控制中获得自由，即解放:
n. [C] 使某人摆脱束缚而自由地享受生活:
liberation |[͵lɪbə'reɪʃn][͵lɪbə'reɪʃn]
a war of liberation 解放战争 
national liberation 民族解放 
liberation movement 解放运动 
the liberation of the capital by allied forces 盟军解放首都 
the struggle for liberation from colonial rule 争取摆脱殖民统治的解放斗争
a feeling of liberation, a sense of liberation 无拘无束的感觉 
personal, sexual liberation 个人解放；性解放

You use utterly to emphasize that something is very great in extent, degree, or amount. 完全地; 彻底地
utterly |英 ['ʌtəlɪ ]  美 ['ʌtɚli]| adv. 完全地；绝对地；全然地；彻底地，十足地/
The new laws coming in are utterly ridiculous.即将实施的新法律荒唐至极。
China is utterly different.中国完全不一样。

