immense						巨大的，艰巨的，严重的
inferior						较差的，下级的
accrue						累积
genuine						真的，真诚的
nominate						提名，任命，指定
distinctive					特别的
mismanagement					管理不善
reckon						认为，觉得，估计，计算，希望
reckon on						期待，依赖
reckon up						结算
reckon with					重视，考虑
mask							面罩，伪装，掩盖
forge							伪造，锻造，建立，稳步前进
identical						相同的
imperial						帝国的
target						靶，目标
disconnect						拔下，停止供应
immigrant						移民
unqualified					不合格的，绝对的
edit							编辑，剪辑，主编
govern						统治，支配，决定
assert						断言，主张
assert oneself					坚持自己的主张
breezy						有微风的，通风的，欢快的
hesitate						犹豫，有顾虑
presidency						总统的职位
quota							定额，限额
dropout						退学者
capture						占领，刻画，俘获
integrity						正直，完整
flee							逃跑
certification					鉴定
instant						立即的，片刻
criminal						罪犯，犯罪的
\\\\\\\\

adj. 极大的、巨大的:
adj. 非常:
immense |[ɪˈmens]
an immense cloud of smoke 大片的烟云 
There is still an immense amount of work to be done. 还有非常非常多的工作没有做。
The benefits are immense. 效益是极大的。
With immense relief I stopped running. 我长长地松了一口气，停止了奔跑。
a project of immense importance 极其重要的工程

adj. [正式] [常用于名词前] 自卑的:
adj. [正式] [常用于名词前]（某人）（地位、能力等）低于…的:
n. [C] 不如别人一样好的人；级别（或地位）低的人:
adj. ~ (to sb/sth)（某事物）较差的、比不上的、次的:
inferior |[ɪnˈfɪəriə(r);美-ˈfɪr-]
Her obvious popularity made me feel inferior. 她那么受人欢迎，令我自愧不如。
an inferior officer 下级军官 
He preferred the company of those who were intellectually inferior to himself. 他喜欢与那些智力水平不如他的人共处。
the inferior status of women in pre-revolutionary Russia 革命之前俄国妇女的低微地位 
He regarded women as inferior. 他认为女性低男性一等。
to make sb feel inferior 使某人自惭形秽 
Her obvious popularity made me feel inferior. 她那么受人欢迎，令我自愧不如。
intellectually, morally, socially inferior 智力低下；道德卑劣；社会地位较低
social inferior 社会地位低下的人 
She considered everyone her intellectual inferior. 她认为谁都不如她聪明。
of inferior quality 劣质的 
inferior goods 劣质商品 
The cassettes were of inferior quality. 那些磁带质量较差。
This resulted in overpriced and often inferior products. 这就导致了标价过高而往往质量低劣的产品的出现。
Modern music is often considered inferior to that of the past. 现代音乐常被认为不如过去的。
These later paintings are slightly inferior in value. 这些后期画作的价值略逊一筹。
His later work was vastly inferior to his early work. 他后期的作品大不如从前。
technically inferior 技术水平较差

vi. [正式] ~ (to sb) (from sth) 好处等（在一段时间内）增长:
vt. [正式] 使钱款、利润、利息或债务（在一段时间内）积累:
accrue |[əˈkru:]
economic benefits accruing to the country from tourism 旅游业为该国带来的经济效益 
a project from which considerable benefit will accrue to the community 使社区持续受益的项目 
the benefits that accrue from a good education 良好教育所带来的好处 
the expectation that profits will accrue. 希望利润会增加的期待 
I owed £5,000 — part of this was accrued interest. 我欠款5,000英镑，其中一部分是累计的利息。
If you do not pay within 28 days, interest will accrue. 如果28天之内不付款，就会自然生息。
Interest will accrue if you keep your money in a savings account. 如果把钱存入储蓄账户，就会自然生息。
The firm had accrued debts of over $6m. 该公司已积欠了600多万元的债务。           

adj.（人或感情）真诚的、诚实的、可信赖的:
adj. 真的、名副其实的:
genuine |[ˈdʒenjuɪn]
a very genuine person 非常诚实可信的人 
I'm convinced she is absolutely genuine. 我确信她绝对是真诚的。
His offer sounded genuine enough. 他的建议听起来够诚恳。
He made a genuine attempt to improve conditions. 他真心实意地努力改善环境。
genuine concern for others 对他人真诚的关心 
There was genuine joy in this room. 房间里洋溢着发自内心的快乐。
If this offer is genuine I will gladly accept it. 如果这份帮助是诚心的，我欣然接受。
Is the painting a genuine Picasso? 这幅画是毕加索的真迹吗？
Fake designer watches are sold at a fraction of the price of the genuine article. 伪造的设计师名牌手表以真品若干分之一的价格出售。
Only genuine refugees can apply for asylum. 只有真正的难民才能申请政治避难。
genuine leather 真皮 
The document is not considered genuine. 这份文件被认为是伪造的。
Her happiness was perfectly genuine. 她确实很快乐。

vt. ~ sb (for/as sth) 为一个重要职位或奖项正式推荐某人，即提名:
vt. ~ sb (to/as sth) 选定某人去做某项工作，即任命，指派:
vt. ~ sth (as sth) 为某事选定一个时间、日期、名称等:
vt. ~ sb (for/as sth) 为一个重要职位推荐某人，即提名:
nominate |[ˈnɒmɪneɪt;美ˈnɑ:m-]
Under party rules each candidate has to be nominated by 55 Labour MPs. 根据党章，每个候选人必须得到55名工党下院议员的提名。
He has now been formally nominated as presidential candidate. 他现已被正式提名为总统候选人。
She has been nominated for the presidency. 她已经获得了董事长职位的提名。
She was nominated for a special award. 她获得这项特殊奖的提名。
He was nominated (as) best actor. 他获得了最佳男演员的提名。
a campaign to nominate the twice World Champion as Sports Personality of the Year 提名那位两届世界冠军获得者为年度体育人物的拉票活动 
Ten critics were asked to nominate their Book of the Year. 十位评论家获邀提名年度最佳图书。
Practically every movie he made was nominated for an Oscar. 他执导的影片几乎每部都获得过奥斯卡奖提名。
Voters will choose fifty of the seventy-five deputies. The Emir will nominate the rest. 选民将选出75名代表中的50名，其余代表由埃米尔任命。
He has been nominated to the committee. 他被任命为委员会委员。
She was nominated to speak on our behalf. 她被指派代表我们发言。
1 December has been nominated as the day of the election. 12月1日被指定为选举日。
Under party rules each candidate has to be nominated by 55 Labour MPs. 根据党章，每个候选人必须得到55名工党下院议员的提名。
He has now been formally nominated as presidential candidate. 他现已被正式提名为总统候选人。

adj. 独特的、有特色的:
distinctive |[dɪˈstɪŋktɪv]
clothes with a distinctive style 式样独特的衣服 
the distinctive odour of chlorine 氯气特有的气味 
a distinctive blue and yellow flag 特殊的蓝黄旗 
The male bird has distinctive white markings on its head. 雄鸟的头上有明显的白色斑纹。
The shell has a highly distinctive pattern. 这枚贝壳的图案很独特。
to be visually distinctive 视觉效果独特

n. [U]（对某事的）处置不当:
n. [U]（对某事的）管理不善:
mismanagement |[ˌmɪsˈmænɪdʒmənt]
accusations of corruption and financial mismanagement 对于腐败和财务管理不当的指控 
The project collapsed through financial mismanagement. 由于财务管理不当，项目成了烂摊子。
the Government's economic mismanagement 政府对经济的管理不当 
His gross mismanagement left the company desperately in need of restructuring. 他管理上的重大失误使公司陷入亟须重组的境地。
An investigation uncovered mismanagement and a lack of proper financial controls. 一项调查揭露了管理不善和财务失控问题。

vt.&vi. [非正式，尤英] 想某事，认为:
vt. be reckoned（不用于进行时）被普遍认为是…:
vt. ~ sth (at sth) 估算、计算数额或数字:
vi. [英，非正式] 预计、料想、期望去做某事:
reckon |[ˈrekən]
I reckon (that) I'm going to get that job. 我认为我会得到那份工作。
He'll be famous one day. What do you reckon (= do you agree)? 总有一天，他会成为名人的。你觉得呢？
It's worth a lot of money, I reckon. 我想这值很多钱。
‘They'll never find out. ’ ‘ You reckon? ’ (= I think you may be wrong about that) “他们永远不会发现。”“是吗？”
He reckoned he was still fond of her. 他认为自己还喜欢着她。
Children are reckoned to be more sophisticated nowadays. 人们认为今天的孩子比过去世故。
It was generally reckoned a success. 大家都认为那是一次成功。
The sale has been held up because the price is reckoned to be too high. 销售陷入停滞，因为大家认为价格太高了。
The age of the earth is reckoned at about 4 600 million years. 估计地球的年龄大约为46亿年。
They reckon (that) their profits are down by at least 20%. 他们估计利润至少下降了20%。
The journey was reckoned to take about two hours. 路上估计要花大约两个小时。
We reckon to finish by ten. 我们预计十点钟以前结束。
The merged banks reckon to raise 4 billion dollars of new equity next year. 几家银行合并后明年有望增发40亿美元的新股。
Police officers on the case are reckoning to charge someone very shortly. 调查这个案子的警官正在考虑尽快起诉嫌疑人。

vt. 1 掩藏感情、气味、事实等（使其他人不能确切知道）:
2 遮掩…（使人不能注意到或认出来…）:
n. [usually sing.]（对真实性格或感情的）隐藏，掩饰:
n. [C] 面膜:
n. 1 [C] 面具；面罩:
2 [C]（对毒气等有害物质进行隔离的）防护面具:
mask |[mɑːsk]
to mask his agitation 掩饰他的不安 
She masked her anger with a smile. 她以微笑掩饰怒火。
the smoke that masked the enemy 遮住敌人的烟雾 
Varnish tends to mask the natural grain of the wood. 罩光漆往往会遮盖木材的天然纹理。
His mask cracked, and she saw for an instant a violent man. 他的伪装破碎了，她瞬间看到了一个狂暴的男人。
Her face was a blank mask. 她脸上装出一副漠无表情的样子。
the mask of friendliness 友善的面具 
a mask for his lack of confidence 掩饰他的缺乏自信
a face mask 面膜
The robber was wearing a stocking mask. 劫匪戴着长筒袜面罩。
surgical mask 外科手术口罩 
oxygen mask 氧气面罩 
protective mask 防护面罩 
ski mask 滑雪面罩 
Halloween mask 万圣节面具 
gas mask 防毒面具 
dust mask 防尘口罩

vi. [正式] 稳步而有力地前进:
vt.（在火里用锤子）锻造金属，或以此方式制作物品:
vt. 为欺骗别人而非法复制某事物，如伪造、仿冒:
vi. [正式] 稳步而有力地前进、发展:
vt. 艰苦干成某事、努力加强某事（使此事持续长久）。如建立、开创:
n. [C] 锻铁炉；锻造车间；锻造工厂:
n. [C] 铁匠铺:
forge |[fɔ:dʒ;美fɔ:rdʒ]
He forged through the crowds to the front of the stage. 他稳步挤过人群走到台前。
swords forged from steel 用钢锻造的刀剑 
To forge a blade takes great skill. 锻造刀刃需要很高超的技巧。
to forge a passport, to forge a banknote, to forge a cheque 伪造护照；伪造钞票；伪造支票 
He's getting good at forging his mother's signature. 他把母亲的签名伪造得越来越惟妙惟肖了。
She alleged that Taylor had forged her signature on the form. 她声称泰勒在表格上伪造了她的签名。
She forged into the lead (= in a competition, race, etc.). 她（在比赛、赛跑等中）稳步领先。
He again pledged to forge ahead with his plans for reform. 他再次承诺会稳步推进自己的改革计划。
The two companies forged ahead, innovating and expanding. 两家公司加快发展，改革创新，不断扩张。
a move to forge new links between management and workers 努力建立劳资新关系的措施 
Strategic alliances are being forged with major European companies. 正与欧洲主要公司设法结成战略同盟。
The Prime Minister is determined to forge a good relationship with America's new leader. 首相决意要和美国的新任领导人建立良好的关系。
They agreed to forge closer economic ties. 他们同意建立更加紧密的经济联系。
She forged a new career in the music business. 她在乐坛上另创一番新事业。
The project will help inmates forge new careers. 这项计划会帮助犯人开始新的职业。
Tito forged a unique model of communism after breaking with Stalin in 1948. 1948 年铁托在和斯大林决裂后创建了一种独特的共产主义模式。
the blacksmith's forge 铁匠铺 
Woodbury Blacksmith & Forge Co. 伍德伯里锻造公司

adj. 1 ~ (to/with sb/sth) 在每一个细节上都相同的，即完全相同的:
2 the identical [只用于名词前] 同一的:
identical |[aɪˈdentɪkl]
a row of identical houses 完全一样的一排房子 
Nearly all the houses were identical. 几乎所有的房子都一模一样。
Her dress is almost identical to mine. 她的连衣裙和我的几乎一模一样。
The number on the card should be identical with the one on the chequebook. 卡上的号码应该和支票簿上的相同。
The two pictures are similar, although not identical. 这两幅画很相似，虽然不完全相同。
The two parties fought the last election on almost identical manifestos. 两个政党以几乎完全相同的竞选宣言参加了上次竞选。
Different spreadsheet packages tend to be similar, though not necessarily identical. 不同的电子制表软件包往往很相似，虽然不一定一模一样。
The two houses were more or less identical. 这两座房子差不多一模一样。
chemically, functionally identical 化学成分相同；功能相同 
offspring that are genetically identical with the parents 遗传基因与父母完全相同的子女
This knife is identical to the one used in the attack. 这把刀与袭击中使用的那把一模一样。
These two models are absolutely identical in appearance. 这两个模型外表完全相同。
This is the identical room we stayed in last year. 这就是我们去年住的那个房间。

Imperial is used to refer to things or people that are or were connected with an empire. 帝国的
imperial |英 [ɪm'pɪərɪəl]  美 [ɪm'pɪrɪəl]| adj. 帝国的；皇帝的；至高无上的；威严的/n. 纸张尺寸；特等品/n. (Imperial)人名；(西)因佩里亚尔/
...the Imperial Palace in Tokyo.…东京的皇宫。


n. 1 [C] 你所试图去达成的目标:
target (of sth) 人们所攻击、抨击、破坏、伤害、偷窃的一个对象、人或地方:
n. [C] 射击或射箭用的靶子（尤指带有一些圆环的圆板）:
vt. 1 常用被动式，把某人或某事物作为批评的目标:
2 尝试对某一群人产生效果，即针对、面向（某个群体）:
vt. 常用被动式，把某人或某事物作为攻击的目标。此时target仅作及物动词，且常用被动式:
n. 1 [C] 你所试图去达成的目标:
target (of sth) 人们所攻击、抨击、破坏、伤害、偷窃的一个对象、人或地方:
n. [C] 射击或射箭用的靶子（尤指带有一些圆环的圆板）:
vt. 1 常用被动式，把某人或某事物作为批评的目标:
2 尝试对某一群人产生效果，即针对、面向（某个群体）:
vt. 常用被动式，把某人或某事物作为攻击的目标。此时target仅作及物动词，且常用被动式:
target |['tɑːɡɪt]
She has always set herself very high targets. 她总是给自己设定非常高的目标。
an impossible target 不可能实现的目标 
economic, financial, performance target 经济目标；财务目标；业绩目标 
target audience, target group, target population, target market 目标观众；目标群体；目标市场 
The new sports complex is on target to open in June. 新建的体育中心将在六月份如期开放。
to deliver the goods to the target site 将货物送到目标地点 
They bombed military and civilian targets. 他们轰炸了军事和民用目标。
an easy target for thieves 小偷易下手的目标 
The company could become a takeover target. 该公司可能成为被收购的对象。
He’s become the target for a lot of criticism recently. 他最近成了众矢之的。
The President is a favourite/favorite target of comedians. 总统是喜剧演员热衷的嘲弄对象。
The boys used an old tree stump as a target. 那些男孩儿用一个老树墩当靶子。
target range, target practice 靶场；射击练习 
His first shot was bang on target. 他的第一枪正中目标。
The shot went wide of the target. 那一枪打飞了。
The company has been targeted by animal rights groups for its use of dogs in drugs trials. 这家公司因用狗做药物试验而成为动物保护团体批评的对象。
These products are targeted at young people. 这些产品以年轻人为对象。
an exercise that directly targets the back muscles 一项直接针对背部肌肉的锻炼 
Tax cuts should be targeted on the poor. 减税应该针对贫困人群。
The missiles were mainly targeted at the United States. 导弹主要瞄准的是美国。
She has always set herself very high targets. 她总是给自己设定非常高的目标。
an impossible target 不可能实现的目标 
economic, financial, performance target 经济目标；财务目标；业绩目标 
target audience, target group, target population, target market 目标观众；目标群体；目标市场 
The new sports complex is on target to open in June. 新建的体育中心将在六月份如期开放。
to deliver the goods to the target site 将货物送到目标地点 
They bombed military and civilian targets. 他们轰炸了军事和民用目标。
an easy target for thieves 小偷易下手的目标 
The company could become a takeover target. 该公司可能成为被收购的对象。
He’s become the target for a lot of criticism recently. 他最近成了众矢之的。
The President is a favourite/favorite target of comedians. 总统是喜剧演员热衷的嘲弄对象。
The boys used an old tree stump as a target. 那些男孩儿用一个老树墩当靶子。
target range, target practice 靶场；射击练习 
His first shot was bang on target. 他的第一枪正中目标。
The shot went wide of the target. 那一枪打飞了。
The company has been targeted by animal rights groups for its use of dogs in drugs trials. 这家公司因用狗做药物试验而成为动物保护团体批评的对象。
These products are targeted at young people. 这些产品以年轻人为对象。
an exercise that directly targets the back muscles 一项直接针对背部肌肉的锻炼 
Tax cuts should be targeted on the poor. 减税应该针对贫困人群。
The missiles were mainly targeted at the United States. 导弹主要瞄准的是美国。

If you disconnect something from something else, you separate the two things. 使分离
If you are disconnected by a gas, electricity, water, or telephone company, they turn off the connection to your house, usually because you have not paid the bill. 切断 (煤气、电、水、电话等的) 供应
To disconnect a piece of equipment means to separate it from its source of power or to break a connection that it needs in order to work. 断开
disconnect |英 [dɪskə'nekt]  美 [,dɪskə'nɛkt]| vt. 拆开，使分离/vi. 断开/
He disconnected the IV bottle from the overhead hook and carried it beside the moving cart.他从头顶的钩子上取下输液瓶，并在移动的手推车旁提着它。
You are likely to be given almost three months – until the time of your next bill – before you are disconnected.你很可能会得到将近3个月的时间–即直到你下一张账单寄发为止——才会被切断供应。
The device automatically disconnects the ignition when the engine is switched off.该设备在引擎被关闭时会自动断开点火装置。


n. [C] 外国来的移民:
immigrant |[ˈɪmɪgrənt]
immigrant communities, immigrant families, immigrant workers 侨民社区；移民家庭；移民劳工 
immigrant visas 移民签证 
illegal immigrants 非法移民 
the number of legal immigrants to the US 移居美国的合法移民数量 
foreign immigrant 外国移民 
Hispanic immigrant 西班牙移民 
Like many first-generation immigrants, they worked hard and saved most of their earnings. 和许多第一代移民一样，他们辛苦工作并把赚到的钱大部分都存起来。
These were working-class immigrants, mainly from rural parts of Mexico. 这些移民都是劳动阶层，主要来自墨西哥乡村地区。
poor immigrants from Latin American countries 来自拉丁美洲国家的贫困移民 
The government is eager to attract skilled immigrants. 政府渴望吸引有一技之长的移民。
These factors attracted new immigrants. 这些因素吸引了新的移民。
She was the daughter of Chinese immigrants to America. 她父母是移居美国的中国侨民。

~ (for sth)（某人在知识、经验或资质上）不合格的、没资格的:
adj. [常用于名词前] 完全的、绝对的、不受任何负面因素限制的:
unqualified |[ʌnˈkwɒlɪfaɪd][ˌʌnˈkwɒlɪfaɪd;美-ˈkwɑ:l-]
adj. ~ (to do sth) 
an unqualified instructor 不合格的教员 
I feel unqualified to comment on the subject. 我觉得没有资格对此事发表意见。
He was totally unqualified for his job as a senior manager. 他担任高级经理职务完全不够格。
Unqualified members of staff at the hospital were not sufficiently supervised. 医院里一些还未取得资格的员工没有受到充分的督导。
Government lawyers were deemed unqualified for advancement. 人们认为公职律师不符合晋升条件。
He is totally unqualified for the job. 他完全不符合这个工作的任职条件。
The event was an unqualified success. 这一活动取得了极大成功。
Egypt has given almost unqualified backing to Washington. 埃及几乎全力支持华盛顿。
I gave her my unqualified support. 我全力支持她。

Someone who edits a newspaper, magazine, or journal is in charge of it. 主编
If you edit a film or a television or radio programme, you choose some of what has been filmed or recorded and arrange it in a particular order. 剪辑
If you edit a book or a series of books, you collect several pieces of writing by different authors and prepare them for publishing. 编选
If you edit a text such as an article or a book, you correct and adapt it so that it is suitable for publishing. 编辑
edit |英 ['edɪt]  美 ['ɛdɪt]| vt. 编辑；校订/n. 编辑工作/n. (Edit)人名；(罗、匈)埃迪特/
I used to edit the college paper in the old days.我过去曾主编过大学校报。
He taught me to edit and splice film.他教我剪辑合成影片。
He edits the literary journal, Murmur.他编辑了《私语》这本文学杂志。
This collection of essays is edited by Ellen Knight.这本散文集是由埃伦·奈特编选的。
The majority of contracts give the publisher the right to edit a book after it's done.大多数合同都会赋予出版商在书稿完成后进行编辑的权利。


vt. 控制（或影响）某人、某事物、某事的发生或运行等，常用被动式:
vt. 依法统治或管理一个国家（或其人民）:
vt. 一个词对另外一个词或短语的控制，即影响后者的构成或使用:
govern |['ɡʌvn]['ɡʌvn]
Prices are governed by market demand. 价格的高低取决于市场的需求。
All his decisions have been entirely governed by self-interest. 他的所有决定都受利己之心的支配。
We need changes in the law governing school attendance. 我们需要对影响就学率的法规做些改动。
The country is governed by elected representatives of the people. 这个国家由民选代表统治。
The colony was governed directly from Paris. 这块殖民地直接受巴黎管辖。

vt. 坚定维护自己的权力或权威:
vt. 主张或维护自己的权利:
vt. ~ yourself 坚持自己的主张、表现坚定:
vt. ~ itself 生效、开始起作用:
vt. 明确断言（某事属实）:
assert |[əˈsɜ:t;美əˈsɜ:rt]
I was determined to assert my authority from the beginning. 我决心一开始就维护我的权威。
After the war, the army made an attempt to assert its authority in the south of the country. 战后，军队试图在该国的南部地区维护其统治地位。
The people have asserted their power and that will be very difficult to reverse. 人民已经维护了其当家作主的权力，这将难以改变。
He was able to assert his power over the media. 他能够维护自己对媒体的影响力。
to assert your rights 维护权利 
She wished to assert her independence from her parents. 她希望能够坚持不依赖父母。
The republics began asserting their right to govern themselves. 各加盟共和国开始要求获得自治权。
He's speaking up and asserting himself confidently. 他明确表态，信心十足地阐述自己的观点。
Good sense asserted itself. 明智服人。
She continued to assert that she was innocent. 她仍然坚称自己无辜。
The defendants, who continue to assert their innocence, are expected to appeal. 各被告仍然坚称无辜，预计会提起上诉。
‘That is wrong, ’ he asserted. “那是错的。”他断言道。
It is commonly asserted that older people prefer to receive care from family members. 人们普遍确认，老年人更愿意由家人照顾。
Mr. Helm plans to assert that the bill violates the First Amendment. 赫尔姆先生打算声明该法案违反了宪法第一修正案。
The report asserts confidently that the industry will grow. 报告断言这个产业会发展起来。
He had no real evidence--he simply asserted that what he said was true. 他没有确凿的证据——只是坚称他说的是实话。

adj.（人）乐天的；自信的:
adj.（人）随意的:
adj.（音乐）明快的:
adj.（音乐、衣服等事物）明快的；生动的；活泼的:
adj.（天气）有微风的:
breezy |[ˈbri:zi]
his bright and breezy personality 他开朗活泼的个性 
His bright and breezy manner sometimes irritated people. 他那春风得意的态度有时会让人冒火。
Mona tried to sound breezy. 莫娜竭力使自己的声音听上去轻松随意。
She tried to sound breezy on the phone. 她尽量使自己的语气在电话里听起来轻松愉快。
His bright and breezy manner sometimes irritated people. 他那春风得意的态度有时会让人冒火。
This album is bright, breezy and playful. 这张专辑音乐轻松明快，趣味十足。
This album is bright, breezy and playful. 这张专辑音乐轻松明快，趣味十足。
The day was breezy and warm. 这一天微风习习，暖洋洋的。
It was a bright, breezy day. 那天和风丽日。
the breezy east coast 微风吹拂的东海岸 
It's a little breezy up here. 这高处有点儿微风。

vi. 1 hesitate (about/over sth)由于感到不确定或紧张而言行缓慢，即犹豫:
2 担心做某事（尤指由于不确定这样做是否正确或合适），即顾虑:
hesitate |['hezɪteɪt]
She hesitated before replying. 她犹豫了一下才回答。
I barely hesitated before saying yes. 我几乎没有犹豫就同意了。
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any queries. 如果有疑问就请尽管和我联系。
He was hesitating between a glass of wine and an orange juice. 他正拿不定主意，不知道该要葡萄酒还是橙汁。

n. [usually sing.] 组织机构的主席或总裁的职位（或任期等）:
n. [usually sing.] 组织机构的主席或总裁的任期；国家的总统的任期:
n. [usually sing.] 国家的总统的职位（或任期等）:
presidency |[ˈprezɪdənsi]
executive presidency 执行总裁之职 
Britain will support him as a candidate for the presidency of the organization. 英国会支持他竞选这个组织的主席职位。
rotating presidency 轮值主席（国）
Greece then held the rotating presidency of the European Union. 希腊当时担任欧洲联盟轮值主席国。
the current holder of the EU presidency 现任欧盟主席 
She held the presidency of the association for three years. 她担任该协会主席三年了。
That year he resigned his presidency of the Academy. 那年，他辞去了该学会会长一职。
eight-year, two-term presidency 八年总统任期；两任总统任期
vice presidency（美）（英式用法为vice-presidency）副总统一职 
He became a candidate for the vice presidency. 他成为副总统的候选人。
eight-year, two-term presidency 八年总统任期；两任总统任期 
Three years into his presidency, he is more popular than ever. 担任总统三年后，他的声望更隆。under the presidency of Gerald Ford 在杰拉尔德·福特总统的领导下 
Poverty had declined during his presidency. 在他担任总统期间，贫困人口减少了。
He was a White House official during the Bush presidency. 他是布什任总统时的白宫官员。

n. 1 [C] 官方许可的（人员或事物的）限定的数量，如限额、配额:
2 [C] 某人期望（或需要）拥有（或达成）的某事物的数量，如定量、指标:
3 [sing.] [政治]（候选人当选所需的）固定数目的票数，即规定票数，最低票数:
quota |[ˈkwəʊtə;美ˈkwoʊtə]
to introduce a strict import quota on grain 严格限制谷物进口量 
national quotas on imports of cars 国家对进口汽车的配额 
production quota 生产限额 
quotas for oil production 石油生产限额 
the introduction of fishing quotas 捕捞限额制度的采用 
The quota of four tickets per person had been reduced to two. 每人可购买的票的限额已经由四张降至两张。
a quota system for accepting refugees 接收难民的限额制度 
The bill would force employers to adopt a quota system when recruiting workers. 该法案将迫使雇主在招聘工人时采取限额制度。
He never takes his full quota of days off. 他从来没有休完全部假期。
I'm going home now--I've done my quota of work for the day. 我现在要回家了——我已完成了今天的工作指标。
We had to increase our output to fill the quota by the end of the year. 我们必须增加产量，才能在年底完成定额。
They have the usual quota of human weaknesses, no doubt. 毫无疑问，他们身上也有人所共有的弱点。
He was 76 votes short of the quota. 他比规定当选票数少了76票。

a person who has abandoned a course of study or who has rejected conventional society to pursue an alternative lifestyle:放弃学业或拒绝传统社会追求另类生活方式的人
the restarting of play with a drop kick.:用踢球重新开始比赛。
a momentary loss of recorded audio signal or an error in reading data on a magnetic tape or disk, usually due to a flaw in the coating.:录制的音频信号的瞬间丢失或读取磁带或磁盘上的数据时出现错误，通常是由于涂层中的缺陷。
a U-shaped slot at the end of a fork or stay on a bicycle, made to receive the axle and enabling the wheel to be changed rapidly.:一个U形槽在前叉末端或自行车上，用来容纳车轴，使车轮能够快速更换。
dropout |ˈdrɒpaʊt| Noun/:辍学,退出
a college dropout:一个大学辍学生

vt. ~ sb's interest 引起某人的兴趣:
vt. ~ sb's attention 引起某人的注意:
vt. 用图画、文章、电影等准确地表达、刻画或描述（一种感觉或气氛）:
vt. 捕获动物（并将其置于封闭空间）:
vt. ~ sb's imagination 启发某人的想象力:
vt. 把…输入计算机，使其可以被计算机利用，即（计算机）采集信息:
n. [U] 计算机的信息采集:
vt. 成功夺得（别人也想夺得的某事物），即争得:
vt. ~ sb's heart 使某人爱上你（即俘获某人的心）:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb/sth on canvas, etc. 绘制:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb/sth on film/tape, etc. 拍摄、录制:
vt. 用武力夺取一个地方、建筑物等的控制权，如攻占:
n. [U] 对敌方领土的占领:
vt. 俘获某人，尤指在战争中擒获俘虏、缴获战利品:
n. [U]（被）俘获、（被）捕获:
n. [U]（被）俘获、（被）捕获:
capture |[ˈkæptʃə(r)]
the great names of the Tory party who usually capture the historian's attention 往往会引起历史学家关注的保守党大人物
The article captured the mood of the nation. 这篇文章把国民的情绪刻画得很准。
Chef Idris Caldora offers an inspired menu that captures the spirit of the Mediterranean. 厨师伊德里斯·卡尔多拉开出一份富有地中海特色的菜单，让人眼前一亮。
That description captures perfectly the feeling of being invisible. 那个描述十分准确地记录了隐身的感觉。
The exhibition on India fails to capture the great diversity of this fascinating country. 那个关于印度的展览并没有展现出这个迷人国度的多姿多彩。
Their mood was captured by one who said, 'Students here don't know or care about campus issues.' 一个人的话道出了他们的心情，“这儿的学生既不了解也不关心校园问题。”
The animals are captured in nets and sold to local zoos. 那些动物用网捕获后被卖到当地的动物园。
They use puppets to capture the imagination of younger audiences. 他们用木偶来启发小观众的想象力。
the issue that has captured the imagination of nearly the whole nation 激发了几乎所有国人想象力的争论          
data capture 数据采集
The company has captured 90% of the market. 这家公司已争取到九成的市场份额。
In 1987, McDonald's captured 19 percent of all fast-food sales. 1987年,麦当劳占据了整个快餐业销售额的19%。
The Socialist candidate has captured eighty-five per cent of the vote in the three-way presidential race. 社会党候选人在这场三人角逐的总统竞选中已经获得85%的选票。
The attack was captured on film by security cameras. 袭击事件已被保安摄像机拍摄下来。
The incident was captured on videotape. 事件被拍成了录像。
The images were captured by TV crews filming outside the base. 这些影像是电视剧组人员在外景地拍摄的。
The city was captured in 1941. 这座城市于1941年被攻占。
the capture of enemy territory 占领敌方领土
Allied troops captured over 300 enemy soldiers. 盟军俘虏了300多名敌方士兵。
The guerrillas shot down one aeroplane and captured the pilot. 游击队击落了一架飞机,并俘获了飞行员。
The whole town celebrated when two tanks were captured. 全城居民庆祝缴获了两辆坦克。
The refugees evaded capture by hiding in the forest. 难民们藏在森林里以躲避被俘。
He evaded capture for three days. 他逃避缉捕三天。
The refugees evaded capture by hiding in the forest. 难民们藏在森林里以躲避被俘。
This information led to the capture of the murderer. 这个情报使杀人凶手被抓住了。

n. [U] [正式] 完整、完好:
n. [U] 正直:
integrity |[ɪnˈtegrəti]
structural integrity 结构上的完整 
The country is fighting to preserve its territorial integrity. 这个国家正在为维护领土完整而战斗。
Separatist movements are a threat to the integrity of the nation. 分离主义运动对国家统一是个威胁。
data integrity（计算机用语）数据完整性 
It's up to the user to ensure the integrity of the data they enter. 保证所输入数据的完整性是用户的职责。
We all have an interest in maintaining the integrity of the ecosystem. 维护生态体系的完整关乎我们每个人的利益。
The project threatens the integrity of one of the world's most important wetlands. 这一工程威胁到世界上最重要的一片湿地的完整。
concerns that data integrity has been compromised 对数据完整性已遭到损坏的担忧 
Nuclear weapons have the capability to destroy the physical integrity of the planet. 核武器具有摧毁地球实体完整性的威力。
personal integrity 个人的诚信 
academic, artistic, financial, intellectual, journalistic, moral, political, professional, scientific integrity 学术诚信；艺术操守；金融诚信；智力健全；新闻诚信；品行正直；政治诚信；职业操守；科学诚信 
She refused to compromise her artistic integrity. 她拒绝降低自己的艺术操守。
to behave with integrity 行为表现诚实正直 
I have always regarded him as a man of integrity. 我一直认为他正直诚实。
He was praised for his fairness and high integrity. 他的公正和正直操守受人称道。
The article is indicative of his contempt for the basic standards of journalistic integrity. 文章反映出他对新闻诚信基本标准的轻视。
She has great personal integrity. 她为人极为诚实正直。
The minister promised to restore the honesty and integrity of the government. 部长承诺重建政府的诚信。
I would never do anything to compromise the integrity of the company. 我绝不会做任何有损公司诚信的事情。
She questioned his integrity as an artist. 她质疑他作为艺术家的操守。
The code calls on members to behave with integrity at all times. 行为规范要求成员在任何时候言行都要诚实正直。
an attack on sb's/sth's integrity 对…的诚实品质的攻击

flee (to ... /into ...)（尤因对潜在危险恐惧而）迅速离开一个人或地方，也可指因心情不好而离开一个地方或人，即逃离，无被动式。具有一种匆忙和仓皇的色彩。且具有一定的情感和文学色彩:
flee |[fli:]
vt.＆vi. flee (from) sb/sth 
They fled to Britain when the war started. 战争初始他们逃到英国。
to flee in panic 仓皇而逃 
to collect your possessions and flee like the wind 收拾好财物赶快离开 
The children fled in terror as the hay caught fire. 干草着火了，孩子们吓得四散而逃。
The burglars fled empty-handed. 窃贼两手空空地逃走了。

 But I learned something every time I prepared for an exam, and to me, that's one of the best things about certification.  但我每次为考试做准备时都会学到一些东西，而且对于我来讲，这是关于认证的最大收获之一。
 There is a program for people like me who are willing to teach, but need certification.  有一个方案是针对于像我这样愿意教书的，但又需要合格证的人。
 When we write questions for the certification exams, we also write practice questions.  当我们为认证考试编写问题时，我们也编写练习问题。
certification |英 [,sɜːtɪfɪ'keɪʃən]  美 [,sɝtɪfɪ'keʃən]| n. 证明，保证；检定/



adj. 常置于名词前，立即（发生）的，立刻的，相当于immediate:
n. 1 [usually sing.] 极短的一段时间，即瞬间，片刻，相当于moment:
2 [usually sing.] 某一时间点，即某一时刻:
adj. 只用于名词前，可以快速而轻易地做成的（通常通过添加热水来制成），即即食的，速溶的，方便的等:
instant |['ɪnstənt]
The show was an instant success. 演出一炮打响。
His book was an instant hit. 他的书立刻引起了轰动。
I’ll be back in an instant. 我马上就回来。
Just for an instant I thought he was going to refuse. 刹那间我以为他会拒绝。
At that (very) instant, the door opened. 就在那时，门开了。
I recognized her the instant I saw her. 我一眼就认出了她。
She woke up in the instant before the phone rang. 她刚刚醒来电话铃就响了。
instant coffee 速溶咖啡

adj. 道德上错误的，即不道德的；也可以是严重错误的（此时并不限于道德层面），表示一种不满:
adj. 1 常作前置定语，与犯罪有关的，涉及犯罪的:
2 只作前置定语，与刑法相关的，即刑事的:
n. [C] 一个犯罪的人，即罪犯:
criminal |['krɪmɪnl]
a criminal waste of food 浪费食物的可耻行为 
Not to revise this policy would be criminal. 不修改这项政策的做法将是极其错误的。
criminal behaviour 犯罪行为 
criminal law 刑法 
the criminal justice system 刑事审判制度 
a criminal lawyer 刑事诉讼律师 
to bring criminal charges against sb 对某人提起刑事诉讼
violent criminal 暴力罪犯 
serious criminal 重罪犯 
habitual, hardened criminal 惯犯 
career, professional criminal 职业罪犯 
master criminal 主犯 
petty, street criminal 轻罪犯；街头犯罪者 
convicted criminal 已决犯 
suspected, wanted criminal 嫌疑犯；通缉犯 
corporate, white-collar criminal 法人犯罪人；白领罪犯 
war criminal 战犯
