tuition					讲授，学费
esteem					尊重
purchase					购买，紧握
incorporate				纳入，收录
prevail					流行，占优势
irrational					不合逻辑的
inherent					内在的，固有的
overexcited				过于兴奋的
preference					偏爱
evolution					进化，演变
exotic					来自异国的，异常迷人的
stockbroker				股票经纪人
misinterpret				错误的阐释
prosperity					繁荣
tank						容器，一箱，坦克，惨败
outdated					陈旧的，过时的
outnumber					在数量上超过
supervisor					管理人，导师
fluctuate					波动，摇摆不定
substance					东西，事实基础，重要性，物质
in substance				本质上
profitable					获利的，有益的
markedly					明显的
ineffective				无效的，无能的
bleak						荒凉的，凄凉的
optimistic					乐观的
ultimate					最终的，基本的，极度的
the ultimate				最好的事物
consumption				消耗，消费，接受
foster					培养，抱有，养育
receipt					收据，收到
harsh						严厉的，恶劣的，刺眼的
\\\\\\\\

n. [U]（也可用tuition fees[pl.]）[美]（尤指大专院校或私立学校的）学费:
n. [U] [正式] [尤英] ~ (in sth) 教学，尤指对个人或小组的教学、讲授:
tuition |[tjuˈɪʃn;美tu-]
college, university tuition 大学学费 
They pay full tuition. 他们支付全额学费。
He won't be able to finish his education unless someone pays his tuition. 除非有人帮他付学费，否则他将无法完成他的学业。
tuition rate（美）学费标准 
tuition hike, tuition increase（均美）学费上调；学费增加 
tuition assistance（美）学费资助 
The program includes about $5 000 in tuition assistance. 该计划包括约5，000美元的学费资助。
Angela's $7,000 tuition at University this year will be paid for with scholarships. 安杰拉将用奖学金支付今年 7,000 美元的大学学费。
individual, one-to-one, personal tuition 单独教授；一对一授课 
She received private tuition in French. 她由私人教授法语。
The courses will give the beginner personal tuition in all types of outdoor photography. 该课程将为初学者一对一地讲授各种户外摄影技巧。
The foreign students receive free tuition and accommodation. 外国学生免学费和住宿费。
advanced tuition 高水平的指导 
The students get expert tuition in small groups. 学生分小组接受专家的指导。
language, music tuition 语言的讲授；音乐的讲授 
the controversy over university tuition fees关于大学学费的争论 
She had become expert in Chinese cooking under the tuition of her aunt. 在姑妈的指导下，她已经是烹制中餐的能手。
tuition for beginners 教授初学者 
extra tuition for the exams 考前补习 
He is receiving tuition from a well-known artist. 他正得到一位著名艺术家的指导。
tuition in Italian 意大利语的讲授

vt. [旧时用法，正式]（不用于进行时）以某种方式来看待，即把…看作、认为:
n. [U] [正式] 极大的尊重和敬佩；对某人的好评:
vt. [正式]（不用于进行时）[常用被动式] 非常尊敬或敬佩…:
esteem |[ɪˈsti:m]
She was esteemed the perfect novelist. 她被认为是最完美的小说家。
She is held in high esteem by her colleagues. 她深受同事的敬重。
Please accept this small gift as a token of our esteem. 小小礼物，聊表敬意，请笑纳。
mutual esteem 相互尊重 
Her work has been steadily gaining critical esteem in recent years. 近几年，她的作品逐渐获得评论界的认可。
the level of social esteem accorded to doctors 社会对医生的尊重程度 
Recent reviews of her work have raised her esteem. 有关她作品的近期评论提升了她的声望。
He fell in public esteem following the scandal. 丑闻发生后，他在公众中尊严扫地。
the status of teachers in the public esteem 教师在公众心目中的地位 
the public's esteem for the prime minister 公众对首相的尊敬 
the self-esteem of the children 孩子们的自尊 
He had lost all of his personal esteem. 他已无任何自尊可言。
a highly esteemed scientist 深受敬重的科学家 
I greatly esteem your message in the midst of our hard struggle. 您在我们奋力抗争时发来的电文让我充满了敬意。

n. [U, C] 正式用法，单数名词，是一种术语，指用手牢牢抓住或用脚牢牢蹬住，相当于grip:
n. [U, C] 购买的正式用法，也可称为采购:
vt. purchase sth (from sb) 正式用法，指购买…，采购:
n. [C] [正式] 所购买的东西:
purchase |['pə:tʃəs]
She tried to get a purchase on the slippery rock. 她设法抓牢光滑的岩石。
the purchase of the hotel 对这家酒店的收购 
cash purchase 现金购买 
online purchase 在线购买 
bulk purchase 大量采购 
impulse purchase 冲动购买 
advance purchase 提前购买 
equipment, car, house, land, share purchase 设备采购；汽车购买；房屋购买；土地购买；股票购买 
purchase price 买价 
purchase tax 购置税 
purchase order 订购单 
the date of purchase 采购日期 
proof of purchase 采购凭证 
to make a purchase 购买 
The equipment can be purchased very easily. 这种设备很容易购买。
He purchased the house for $1 million. 他们以100万美元买下了这栋房子。
Tickets can be purchased online. 可以在网上买票。
Victory was purchased at too great a price.（比喻用法）这次胜利的代价太大了。
major purchases, such as a new car 新汽车之类的巨额购买项目 
If you are not satisfied with your purchase we will give you a full refund. 所购之物若不合意，我们将全额退款。

vt. ~ sth (in/into/within sth) 把某事物包括进来，使其成为某事物（如一个更大的群体、体系、思想等）的一部分，如纳入、并入:
vt. [商业] [常用被动式] 注册成立一家公司:
incorporate |[ɪnˈkɔ:pəreɪt;美-ˈkɔ:rp-]
The territory was formally incorporated into the Russian Empire in 1876. 这片领土于1876年正式划入俄罗斯帝国版图。
the countries which were forcibly incorporated into the empire 被强行并入该帝国的一些国家 
In 1940 the area was incorporated as part of the city of London. 该地区于1940年并入伦敦市，成为它的一部分。
The agreement would allow the rebels to be incorporated into a new national police force. 协议将允许把叛军收编入一支新的国家警备部队。
These new features can easily be incorporated. 这些新特色很容易加以吸纳。
We have incorporated all the latest safety features into the design. 我们在设计中纳入了所有最新的安全装置。
The new car design incorporates all the latest safety features. 新的汽车设计包括了所有最新的安全配备。
The new cars will incorporate a number of major improvements. 新款汽车会有若干重大改进。
The computer components are incorporated seamlessly. 这些计算机部件是无缝组和的。
These conditions must be expressly incorporated into the contract of employment. 这些条件必须明确地写进雇佣合同中。
Many of your suggestions have been incorporated in the plan. 你的很多建议已纳入计划中。
The party vowed to incorporate environmental considerations into all its policies. 该党宣誓要把环境因素纳入它所有的政策当中。
The data is now incorporated in the total figures. 该数据现已计入总数之中。
We can incorporate this information into our report. 我们可以在报告中加入这条信息。
Results are incorporated within personalized medical records. 结果写入了个人医疗记录之中。
The life cycle typically incorporates the following stages. 生命周期通常包括以下几个阶段。
The company was incorporated in 2002. 这家公司成立于2002年。

vi. ~ (in/among sth)（情形、态度、风俗）（在时或某地）普遍存在、盛行、流行:
vi. [正式] ~ (against/over sth)（提议、原则、思想、观点等）（尤指长时间斗争或争论后）被接受、战胜、占上风、占优势:
vi. [正式] ~ (against/over sb) 在战斗、竞赛、争论中（尤指长时间斗争后）战胜，挫败对手:
vi. ~ upon sb to do sth 成功劝服或说服（某人去做某事）:
prevail |[prɪˈveɪl]
We were horrified at the conditions prevailing in local prisons. 地方监狱的普遍状况让我们震惊。
A similar situation prevails in America. 相似的情况在美国随处可见。
the confusion which had prevailed at the time of the revolution 在革命期间普遍存在的混乱 
Those beliefs still prevail among certain social groups. 这些信念在某些社会群体中仍很盛行。
The wishes of 20 million people ought to prevail against those of 200 thousand. 2，000 万民众的意愿应该会压倒20万人的意愿。
Her happy outlook always prevailed. 她乐观的态度总是占上风。
Justice will prevail over tyranny. 正义必将战胜暴虐。
Fortunately, common sense prevailed. 幸而理智占了上风。
Common sense must prevail in the end. 常识终将获胜。
His view eventually prevailed over theirs. 他的观点最终战胜了他们的观点。
He appears to have the votes he needs to prevail. 他似乎已经获得了取胜所需的选票。
I do hope he will prevail over the rebels. 我确实希望他能战胜叛乱者。
We must, each of us, prevail upon our congressman to act. 我们每一个人都必须说服我们各自的国会议员采取行动。
Do you think she could be prevailed upon to do those things? 你觉得有可能说服她去做那些事情吗？

adj.（某人的感情或行为）不合逻辑的、没有道理的:
irrational |[ɪˈræʃənl]
an irrational fear 无端的恐惧 
an irrational fear of science 对科学的莫名恐惧 
He dismissed her fears as irrational. 他认为她的恐惧毫无道理而未加理睬。
There was nothing inherently irrational in such a decision. 从根本上看，这样的决定没什么不合理的地方。
You're being irrational. 你不可理喻。

adj. ~ (in sb/sth) 固有的、内在的（即作为…的基本且永恒的部分，且不能被移除的）:
inherent |[ɪnˈhɪərənt;-ˈher-;美-ˈhɪr-]
the difficulties inherent in a study of this type 这类研究本身的困难 
Violence is inherent in our society. 在我们的社会中暴力是难免的。
an inherent weakness in the design of the machine 机器设计中的内在缺陷 
Stress is an inherent part of dieting. 节食必定会带来压力。
the dangers inherent in an outbreak of war 一旦爆发战争所固有的危险


excessively excited:过度兴奋
overexcited |ˌəʊv(ə)rɪkˈsʌɪtɪd| Adjective/:过度兴奋,过度激动
they were forced to hide from overexcited fans who threatened to riot:他们被迫躲避那些威胁要暴动的过度兴奋的粉丝

n. 1 [U, sing.] preference (for sb/sth)（在一些人或事物中）对一者所怀有的更大的兴趣，即偏爱:
2 [C] 更喜欢（或最喜欢）的一个东西:
preference |['prefərəns]
It’s a matter of personal preference. 那是个人偏好问题。
Older people tend to express a preference for dark chocolate. 年纪大的人往往表现出对黑巧克力的偏爱。
Preference is given to students who have passed mathematics and chemistry. 通过数学和化学考试的学生优先考虑。
a study of consumer preferences 消费者偏好调查 
policy preference 政策偏好 
food preference 食物偏好 
gender preference（美）性别偏好 
aesthetic preference 审美偏好 
Do you have any particular preference? 你有什么特别的偏好吗？
My first preference is for the applicant from Beijing. 我的第一选择是来自北京的申请者。

n. [U] 某事物的逐渐发展，即演变，渐进:
n. [U] 生物学上的进化（即动植物经过多年而适应环境的过程）:
evolution |[͵i:və'lu:ʃn]
cultural, historical, political, social, spiritual, ideological, technological evolution 文化演变；历史演变；政治演变；社会演变；精神进化；意识形态的演变；技术演变 
peaceful evolution 和平演变 
the evolution of modern physics 现代物理学的演进 
the evolution of the English Language 英语的演变 
the evolution of the financial system 金融体系的演变 
his evolution from comedian to serious actor 他由喜剧演员到严肃演员的演变
Darwin’s theory of evolution 达尔文的进化论 
biological evolution 生物进化 
human evolution 人类的进化

adj. 来自（或在）异国（尤指热带国家）的；因来自异国而显得令人兴奋或不寻常的，即异国情调的、异国风味的、奇异的:
exotic |[ɪgˈzɒtɪk;美ɪgˈzɑ:tɪk]
brightly-coloured exotic flowers 色彩鲜艳的异国花卉 
exotic plants, exotic animal, exotic beast, exotic birds 异国植物；异国动物；异国的野兽；异国的鸟儿 
exotic perfume, exotic spice 异国的香水；异国的香料 
exotic species, exotic creature 异国物种；异国生物 
exotic fruit, exotic food, exotic delicacy, exotic flavour 异国水果；异国食物；异国美食；异国风味 
She travels to all kinds of exotic locations all over the world. 她走遍了全世界所有具有奇异风情的地方。
She flits from one exotic location to another. 她辗转于异国他乡。            

n. [C] 证券（或股票）经纪人（或经纪商）:
stockbroker |[ˈstɒkbrəʊkə(r);美ˈstɑ:kbroʊ-]
large stockbroker 大型股票经纪商 
leading stockbroker 头号股票经纪商 
private-client stockbroker（英）私人股票经纪人 
City stockbroker（英）伦敦金融中心的股票经纪人 
online stockbroker 在线股票经纪商 
stockbroker belt（英）股票经纪人居住区（尤指伦敦近郊、多为富裕的证券经纪人所居住的地区）
The bonds were sold through a stockbroker. 债券是通过证券经纪人卖出的。

vt. ~ sth (as sth/doing sth) 错误地理解某人或某事，即误解:
misinterpret |[ˌmɪsɪnˈtɜ:prɪt;美-ˈtɜ:rp-]
His comments were misinterpreted as a criticism of the project. 他的评论被误解为对这个项目的批评。
He was amazed that he'd misinterpreted the situation so completely. 他十分震惊地发现自己竟然完全误解了情况。
The Prince's words had been misinterpreted. 亲王的话遭到了曲解。
It would be easy to misinterpret results from such a small sample. 从这样小的一份样本出发容易得出错误的结论。
I realized that what I'd said could be misinterpreted as criticism. 我意识到我的话可能被误解为批评。

n. [U]（尤指经济方面的）繁荣、兴旺、昌盛:
prosperity |[prɒˈsperəti;美prɑ:ˈs-]
The country is enjoying a period of peace and prosperity. 国家正值国泰民安、繁荣昌盛的时期。
a new era of peace and prosperity 和平繁荣的新时代 
Japan's economic prosperity 日本的经济繁荣 
material prosperity 物质的丰富 
national prosperity国家的繁荣 
personal prosperity 个人的富足 
an area with a level of prosperity higher than the national average 发达程度高于全国平均水平的地区 
The growth of tourism brought prosperity to the island. 旅游业的发展给这座岛带来了繁荣。
The island's prosperity depends on its fishing industry. 这个岛的繁荣有赖于渔业。
Our future prosperity depends on economic growth. 我们未来的繁荣昌盛依赖经济的发展。

vt.＆vi. 在美式英语中可指输掉一场体育比赛，尤指故意输掉:
n. 1 [C] 储存或盛放液体或气体的大容器，即罐、箱、槽等:
2 [C] 罐、箱、槽里所装之物，或其容量:
n. [C] 在印度英语中可指一个人工挖掘或开凿的水池、湖泊或水库、蓄水池:
vi. 在美式非正式英语中，可指公司、产品（如股票价格或电影）等表现得很糟糕，或彻底失败，例如由于资金大量亏损:
n. [C] 坦克:
tank |[tæŋk]
She was accused of tanking the match. 有人指责她故意输掉这场比赛。
glass, steel tank 玻璃罐；钢罐 
50-gallon tank 50加仑的罐子 
fuel, oil, oxygen, water tank 燃料箱；储油罐；氧气罐；水箱 
gas tank 燃气罐（gas tank在美国通常指汽车或摩托车的油箱；在英国，则指储气罐）
a water storage tank 储水罐 
septic tank 化粪池 
fish tank 鱼缸；水族箱 
We drove there and back on one tank of petrol. 我们开车去那里来回用了一油箱汽油。
The company’s shares tanked on Wall Street. 这家公司的股票在华尔街彻底崩盘了。
army, battle tank 陆军坦克；作战坦克 
Tanks rolled in to the siege. 坦克赶来解围。
tank company（尤美）坦克连 
tank commander, tank crew 坦克车长；坦克乘员


out of date, obsolete:过时的，过时的
outdated |ˌaʊtˈdeɪtɪd| Adjective/:过时的,已过时
outdated equipment:过时的设备

vt. 在数量上压到…，比…多:
outnumber |[ˌaʊtˈnʌmbə(r)]
The demonstrators were heavily outnumbered by the police. 示威者人数远不及警察人数。
In this profession, women outnumber men by two to one (= there are twice as many women as men). 在这个行业，女性人数是男性的两倍。
a town where men outnumber women four to one 男性比女性多三倍的城镇 
Females outnumber males by a wide margin. 女性人数大大超出男性。
Donkeys outnumber cars in this landscape of tiny stonewalled fields. 在这片以石墙隔出巴掌大的农田的乡村，驴子比汽车还多。
Their failures vastly outnumber their successes. 他们失败的次数远远超过成功的次数。
The Spanish were hopelessly outnumbered in the battle. 西班牙人在战斗中的人数处于绝对劣势。

n. [C]（尤指工人的）监督人、管理者:
n. [C]（尤指学生的）指导者:
supervisor |[ˈsu:pəvaɪzə(r);ˈsju:-;美ˈsu:pərv-]
a full-time job as a supervisor at a factory 在一家工厂担任主管的全职工作 
senior supervisor 高级管理人员 
direct, immediate supervisor（均尤美）直接领导；直属上司 
area supervisor 区域主管 
office supervisor 办公室主任 
shift supervisor 当值主管 
account（尤美）, election(s), project supervisor 账目监管人；选举监督人；项目监督人 
maintenance, production supervisor 维护主管；生产主管 
music, technical supervisor 音乐总监；技术主管 
effects supervisor 效果总监 
a special effects supervisor 特效总监 
a visual effects supervisor 视觉效果总监 
door supervisor（英）保安 
a nightclub door supervisor 夜店保安 
lunchtime supervisor（英）午餐时间督导员 
She is a lunchtime supervisor at the local school. 她是当地一所学校的午餐时间督导员。
city，county supervisor（均美）市政府监督人；县政府监督人 
the people working under that supervisor 那位主管手下的人
Each student has a supervisor to advise on the writing of the dissertation. 每个学生都有导师指导他们写论文。
I have a meeting with my supervisor about my research topic. 我要就我的研究课题同导师见一次面。

vi. ~ (between A and B) 尺寸、规模、数量、质量等经常性变化，尤指在两个极端之间变化，即波动、起伏。相当于vary:
fluctuate |[ˈflʌktʃueɪt]
The number of boys at the school fluctuates around 100. 学习的男生人数维持在100名左右。
Prices have fluctuated wildly in recent years. 近几年物价剧烈波动。
During the crisis, oil prices fluctuated between $20 and $40 a barrel. 在危机时期，每桶石油价格在20元至40元之间波动。
the fluctuating price of oil 油价的浮动 
The number of unemployed fluctuates between two and three million. 失业人数在两百万到三百万之间波动。
Temperatures can fluctuate by as much as 10 degrees. 温差可达10度之多。
Body temperature can fluctuate if you are ill. 人患病后体温可能会上下波动。
My mood seems to fluctuate from day to day. 我的情绪似乎天天在变。
Traffic congestion fluctuates according to the time of day. 交通拥堵状况会随一天中时段的不同而变化。
constantly fluctuating patterns 长期波动的模式 
fortune fluctuate 命运起伏

n. [U] 事实基础、事实根据:
n. [C] 物质:
n. [U] …的最重要（或主要）部分，如主旨、要点、实质、基本内容:
n. [U] a man/woman of ~ [正式] 有钱有势的人:
n. [U] [正式] 重要性:
n. [U] 实质性内容:
substance |[ˈsʌbstəns]
It was malicious gossip, completely without substance. 这是恶意造谣，完全没有事实根据。
There is no substance in any of these allegations. 这些指控都毫无根据。
His disappearance has given added substance to the argument that he stole the money. 他的失踪更是给认为他偷了钱的说法提供了佐证。
The letters lent substance to the claims. 这些信给索赔诉求提供了依据。
There's no substance in the story. 这篇报道没有事实根据。
the substance of the evidence against him 对他不利的证据 
There was little substance to his claims. 他的说法没什么事实根据。
There is some substance in what he says. 他的话是有一定根据的。            
addictive, cancer-causing（尤美）, carcinogenic, dangerous, harmful, hazardous, noxious, poisonous, radioactive, toxic substance 使人上瘾的物质；致癌物质；危险物质；有害物质；有毒物质；放射性物质；毒性物质 
harmless, innocuous carcinogenic 无害物质 
Even innocuous substances can sometimes register a positive result in a drug test. 即使无害的物质在药检中有时也会呈阳性。
banned, controlled, illegal, illicit, prohibited substance 违禁物品；管制物品；非法物品 
hallucinogenic, mind-altering, psychedelic, psychoactive, psychotropic substance 致幻药品；迷幻剂 
performance-enhancing substance 兴奋剂 
a natural substance found in the body of animals 在动物体内发现的一种天然物质 
chemical substance 化学物质 
inorganic, organic substance 无机物；有机物 
pure substance 纯净物 
soluble, volatile substance 可溶性物质；挥发性物质 
active, inactive, inert substance 活性物质；非活性物质；惰性物质 
crystalline, fatty, gooey（非正式）oily, powdery, slimy, sticky, viscous, waxy substance 结晶物；脂肪物质；黏性物质；油类物质；粉状物质；蜡状物质 
medicinal substance 药物 
foreign substances that contaminated the experiments 使实验受到污染的异物 
a bag full of some unknown substance 装满了不明物质的袋子 
the material substance of which we are made 构成我们自身的实体物质 
Some frogs produce very toxic substances in their skin. 有些青蛙的皮肤能够分泌剧毒物质。
The athletes had taken banned substances to increase their strength. 那些运动员服用了违禁药物以增强体力。
Love and guilt form the substance of his new book. 他的新书主要讲爱情与罪孽。
I agreed with what she said in substance, though not with every detail. 对于她所说的，虽然不是每个细节我都同意，但基本内容却是赞同的。
The substance of his discussions doesn't really matter. 他讨论的要点实际上根本不重要。      
mature men of substance 有钱有势的成熟男人
matters of substance 重大问题 
Nothing of any substance was achieved in the meeting. 会议没有取得任何实质性成果。
It's questionable whether anything of substance has been achieved. 是否已经取得了任何实质性进展还是个问题。
Syria will attend only if the negotiations deal with issues of substance. 只有在谈判涉及重大问题时叙利亚才会参加。
The real substance of the report was in the third part. 这篇报告的实质性内容在第三部分。
The image of him that the media have presented has no substance. 媒体所展示的他的形象很空洞。
There's no difference in substance between the two points of view. 这两种观点事实上没有差别。
Nothing of substance was achieved at the meeting. 会议没有取得任何实质性成果。

adj. 有利润的；很可能赢利的:
adj. 对某人有益的、有好处的:
profitable |[ˈprɒfɪtəbl;美ˈprɑ:f-]
a highly profitable business 一家赢利很高的企业b
a highly profitable chain of stores 收益很高的连锁店 
The business is not really profitable enough. 实际上公司收益不够好。
It is usually more profitable to sell direct to the public. 向社会大众直销往往获利较高。
Drug manufacturing is the most profitable business in America. 制药业是美国利润最丰厚的业务。
It was profitable for them to produce large amounts of food. 生产大量的食物能让他们获利。
confident that the venture will prove profitable 对企业盈利充满信心 
What can be done to keep the business profitable? 能采取什么措施使公司继续盈利呢?      
She spent a profitable afternoon in the library. 她在图书馆待了一个下午，颇有收获。
Some churches have found it profitable to hold services during the week. 有些教堂发现在非周末的日子举行礼拜大有益处。
Cooperation could be mutually profitable. 合作可能对双方都有益。
collaboration which leads to a profitable exchange of personnel and ideas 有利于人员和观念交流的合作


to an extent which is clearly noticeable, significantly:toanextentwhichisclearlynoticeed,significantly
markedly |ˈmɑːkɪdli| Adverb/:明显地,显着地
new diagnoses have increased markedly since 1998:new诊断自1998年以来显着增加

adj. ~ (in doing sth) 没有达到预期效果的，没有任何效果的，即无效的:
ineffective |[ˌɪnɪˈfektɪv]
The new drug was ineffective. 新药不起作用。
chemicals that are very ineffective in killing weeds 除草效果很差的化学品 
These weapons are totally ineffective against tanks. 这些武器在坦克面前根本不起作用。
ineffective management 管理不善 
ineffective economic reform 无效的经济改革 
politically ineffective 政治上无效 
These policies have proved ineffective. 事实证明这些政策并不奏效。
The law proved ineffective in dealing with the problem. 事实证明这条法规未能真正解决问题。
The contract was rendered ineffective by this careless wording. 措辞不慎致使这份合同失效。
This is an ineffective method of controlling your dog. 用这种方法控制你的狗不起作用。

adj.（人看上去或听起来）无精打采的、阴郁的、沮丧的:
adj.（状况、形势、前景等）不乐观的、无望的、暗淡的:
adj.（天气）冷得让人不舒服的，如阴冷的:
adj.（地方）无遮掩的、空旷的、荒凉的、冷清萧瑟的、索然无味的:
bleak |[bli:k]
His face was bleak. 他脸色阴郁。
She gave him a bleak stare. 她沮丧地凝视着他。
bleak despair 凄凉的绝望 
bleak expression 阴郁的表情
bleak outlook, bleak prospect 暗淡的前景 
Prospects for the industry are extremely bleak. 该行业的前景极其暗淡。
The future looks bleak for the fishing industry. 渔业前景暗淡。
Things looked bleak for the future of the factory. 该厂的前景一片暗淡。
The report paints a bleak picture/vision of the town. 该报告把这个镇子的未来描绘得一片暗淡。
The immediate outlook remains bleak. 近期前景依然暗淡。
Many predicted a bleak future. 很多人都预测前景暗淡。
The poem contains a bleak prophecy of war and ruin. 这首诗包含了一个战争和毁灭的凄凉预言。
The medical prognosis was bleak. 医疗预后不良。
a bleak winter's day 一个阴冷的冬日 
bleak shore 阴冷的海岸 
The weather can be quite bleak on the coast. 沿海地区的天气会非常阴冷。
bleak landscape, bleak hillside, bleak moor 荒芜的景色；荒芜的山坡；荒芜的野地 
The moors looked bleak and desolate in the rain. 雨中的旷野看上去萧瑟而荒凉。
The island's pretty bleak. 这座岛屿一片荒凉。
bleak concrete housing 荒凉的混凝土住宅群 
a bleak expanse of concrete 一大片荒凉的水泥建筑 
bleak inner-city streets 凄清的旧城区街道 
bleak room 冷清的房间 
It was a rather bleak and dismal place. 这个地方荒凉而又萧瑟。           

optimistic (that ...) 认为好事会发生（或认为某事会成功的），即乐观的，还可指表现出乐观的。是“乐观”的常规用词:
optimistic |[͵ɒptɪ'mɪstɪk]
adj. optimistic (about sth) 
He’s very optimistic about his chances. 他对自己的成功机会非常乐观。
an optimistic view of the future 对未来的乐观态度 
to be cautiously optimistic审慎乐观 
These estimates were wildly optimistic. 这些估计都过于乐观。

adj. [只用于名词前] 发生在一个长过程的最终阶段的，即最终的:
adj. [只用于名词前]（同类中）最重要的、最强大的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 作为某事物的最终来源的，即根本的、基本的、基础性的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 最极端的:
adj. [只用于名词前]（例子）最好的、绝好的:
n. [sing.] [非正式] the ~ in sth 同类中最好的、最先进的、最伟大等的一个事物:
adj. [只用于名词前] 最坏的、令人极其不快的:
ultimate |[ˈʌltɪmət]
our ultimate goal 我们最终的目标 
We will accept ultimate responsibility for whatever happens. 无论出什么事情，我们愿承担全部责任。
The ultimate decision lies with the parents. 最后的决定权握在父母手中。
He said it is still not possible to predict the ultimate outcome. 他说现在还无法预料最终的结局。
The ultimate aim is to expand the network further. 最终目的是为了进一步拓展该网络。
the ultimate power of the central government 中央政府的至高权力 
Of course, the ultimate authority remained the presidency. 当然，拥有最高权力者依然是总统。
the ultimate truths of philosophy and science 哲学与科学的终极原理 
Plants are the ultimate source of all foodstuffs. 植物是所有食物的最根本来源。
The ultimate cause of what's happened seems to have been the advertising campaign. 出事的最根本原因似乎在于那场广告宣传活动。
This race will be the ultimate test of your skill. 这次竞赛将是对你的技能的最大考验。
He is the ultimate English gentleman. 他是最最典型的英国绅士。
Caviar and oysters on ice are generally considered the ultimate luxury foods. 一般认为，鱼子酱和冰镇牡蛎是顶级美味。
Silk sheets are the ultimate luxury. 丝绸床单乃是极度的奢侈品。
the ultimate in modern design 现代设计的最高代表 
Ballet is the ultimate in human movement. 芭蕾舞在人类的动作中可谓优雅至极。
This hotel is the ultimate in luxury. 该酒店极尽奢华。
Being removed from his post during operations is the ultimate humiliation for a ship's captain. 在执行任务的过程中被免职，这对一位船长来说是莫大的耻辱。
Treachery was the ultimate sin. 背叛是最不可饶恕的罪孽。         

n. [U]（能量、食物或材料的）消耗；也可指消耗量:
n. [U] 做某事或说某话供某个人（或群体）享用（即使做事者或说话者的内心真实想法非常不同）:
n. [U] 吃；喝:
n. [U] 做某事或说某话供某个人（或群体）享用（即使做事者或说话者的内心真实想法非常不同）:
n. [U] [过时用法] 一种严重的肺病，如肺痨、肺结核:
n. [U]（对商品或服务的）消费:
consumption |[kənˈsʌmpʃn]
electricity, energy, fuel, gas, gasoline（美）, oil, petrol（英）, power consumption 耗电量；能源消耗；燃料消耗；煤气消耗；汽油消耗；石油消耗；电力消耗 
water consumption 水的消耗 
the production of fuel for domestic consumption (= to be used in the country where it is produced) 供国内消耗的燃料生产 
Gas and oil consumption always increases in cold weather. 燃气和燃油的消耗量在天冷时总会增加。
the country with the highest fuel consumption in the world 世界上消耗燃料最多的国家 
Reducing our annual consumption of energy is an important first step. 减少我们的能量年消耗是重要的第一步。
Her speech to party members was not intended for public consumption (= to be heard by the public). 她对党员发表的讲话并不打算公诸大众。
The documents were not for public consumption. 这些文件不对公众公开。
The hardline speech appears to be mostly for domestic consumption. 强硬路线的讲话似乎主要是说给国内人听的。
The report was obviously designed for the consumption of members of the War Committee. 该报告显然是为战争委员会的委员们撰写的。
Most of the wine was unfit for human consumption. 这些酒中大部分都不适于人类饮用。
The average daily consumption of fruit and vegetables is around 200 grams. 每日平均果蔬摄入量约为200克。
The meat was declared unfit for human consumption. 这种肉被宣布不适于人食用。
Doctors say that we need to increase their consumption of fruit and vegetables. 医生们说我们需要多给他们吃水果和蔬菜。
You need to reduce your alcohol consumption. 你要少饮酒。
Her speech to party members was not intended for public consumption (= to be heard by the public). 她对党员发表的讲话并不打算公诸大众。
The documents were not for public consumption. 这些文件不对公众公开。
The hardline speech appears to be mostly for domestic consumption. 强硬路线的讲话似乎主要是说给国内人听的。
The report was obviously designed for the consumption of members of the War Committee. 该报告显然是为战争委员会的委员们撰写的。
Consumption rather than saving has become the central feature of contemporary societies. 现代社会的主要特征是消费而不是储蓄。
Recycling the waste from our increased consumption is better than burning it. 对我们增加消费产生的垃圾进行回收要好过将其焚烧。
The production and consumption of goods and services is the ultimate aim of all economic endeavour. 生产并消费商品和服务是一切经济活动的终极目标。
conspicuous consumption (= buying expensive goods in order to impress people and show how rich you are）炫耀性消费 
It is important that the recovery be export-led rather than led by domestic consumption. 经济复苏应由出口而不是国内消费带动，这一点很重要。
Half of the small crop was kept for home consumption. 不多的粮食收成中，一半被留作国内消费。
household consumption 家庭消费 
individual, personal consumption 个人消费 
mass consumption 大众消费 
public consumption公共消费 
private consumption 私人消费 
households that save for future consumption 为未来消费存钱的家庭 
alcohol, beer, cigarette, drug, food, meat, tobacco, wine 酒类消费；啤酒消费；香烟消费；药品消费；食品消费；肉类消费；葡萄酒消费 
The industry faced a serious challenge in trying to stimulate consumption. 在刺激消费方面，该行业曾面临严峻挑战。
consumption expenditure 消费开支 
consumption levels 消费水平 
consumption rate 消耗率
consumption habits, consumption patterns 消费习惯；消费模式 
consumption goods 消费品 
consumption tax 消费税

vt. 促进某事的发展:
vt.&vi. [尤英] 抚育他人的子女一段时间（而不成为他们的合法父母），即代养:
adj. [只用于名词前] 与某些代养有关的名词连用:
foster |[ˈfɒstə(r);美ˈfɔ:s-;ˈfɑ:s-]
The club's aim is to foster better relations within the community. 俱乐部的宗旨是促进团体内部的关系。
He said that developed countries had a responsibility to foster global economic growth to help new democracies. 他说，发达国家有责任促进全球经济增长，以帮助新兴民主国家。
Its cash crisis has been fostered by declining property values. 地产贬值引发了现金危机。           
They have fostered over 60 children during the past ten years. 在过去十年间，他们抚育了60多个儿童。
We couldn't adopt a child, so we decided to foster. 我们不能领养孩子，所以决定代养一个。
foster father, foster family, foster home, foster parents, foster child 代养父；代养家庭；代养父母；代养的孩子 
foster care 寄养照管 
Little Jack was placed with foster parents. 小杰克和养父母住在一起。
The foster mother was a wonderful, warm person. 寄养母是一个很不错的热心人。

n. [U] receipt (of sth) 正式用法，指接收…、收到…:
n. [C] receipt (for sth) 收据，收条，凭条（美式英语中也用sales slip）:
n. [C] 复数形式receipts在商业中可表示企业、银行、政府等收到的款项，收入:
receipt |[rɪ'si:t]
Are you in receipt of any state benefits? 你目前是否享受政府补助金？
I would be grateful if you would acknowledge receipt of this letter. 如您能告知收到此信，我将感激不尽。
organizations in receipt of UN funding 收到联合国资助的机构 
The closing date for receipt of your application is July 14. 申请函最后的受理日期是7月14日。
The goods will be sent on receipt of your payment.（尤英）收到货款后会立即发货。
Items should be paid for within 14 days of receipt. 收到货品14天内应付款。
ATM（尤美）, credit-card receipt 自动柜员机凭条；信用卡凭条 
a receipt made out for £5 5英镑的收据 
original receipt 原始收据 
receipt book 收据簿 
receipt printer（美）收据打印机 
to issued a receipt for the goods on request 根据需要为货物出具收据 
Could I have a receipt for that please? 请给我开个收据好吗？
You can claim a refund provided you keep the receipt. 你要有收据才可以要求退款。
net receipts 纯收入 
annual receipts 年收入 
capital receipts（英）资本收入 
tax receipts 税收收入 
cash receipts 现金收入 
dollar receipts 美元收入 
box-office, gate receipts 票房收入；门票收入 
receipts from land sales 出售土地所得的收入 
receipts and expenditure, receipts and expenditures（均尤美）收入与支出 
receipts and payments 收入与支出

adj. 看上去丑陋或令人不悦的:
adj.（言行） 严厉的、无情的:
adj. 1（言行）无情的:
2（现实、真相）残酷的、无情的:
adj. 刺耳的、难听的:
adj.（天气）恶劣的:
adj. 1 强烈刺眼的:
2 太粗糙且可能破坏某事物的，如刺激性强的:
adj.（生活条件）艰苦的:
harsh |[hɑ:ʃ;美hɑ:rʃ]
the harsh lines of concrete buildings 混凝土建筑物的粗陋线条          
The punishment was harsh and unfair. 处罚很重而且不公平。
The minister received some harsh criticism. 部长受到了严厉的批评。
the harsh treatment of slaves 对奴隶的虐待 
He regretted his harsh words. 他对自己的刻薄言辞感到后悔。
It may seem harsh to criticize him after his death. 在他死后还批评他似乎太无情了。
He accused her of being unduly harsh. 他指责她太过苛刻。          
It may seem harsh to criticize him after his death. 在他死后还批评他似乎太无情了。
We had to face up to the harsh realities of life sooner or later. 我们迟早都得正视生活的严酷现实。
The harsh truth is that luck plays a big part in who will live or die. 残酷的事实是，谁死谁活在很大程度上要靠运气。
It's a pity she has such a loud harsh voice. 可惜她的嗓门太大太难听了。
harsh winter, harsh wind, harsh climate 寒冷的冬天；凛冽的风；恶劣的气候 
The weather grew harsh, chilly and unpredictable. 天气变得恶劣、寒冷且变化莫测。
the harsh desert environment 恶劣的沙漠环境          
harsh colours 扎眼的色彩 
Tropical colours may look rather harsh in our dull northern light. 热带色彩在我们北方暗淡的光线下可能显得有点刺目。
She was caught in the harsh glare of the headlights. 她遭到车前灯的强光照射。
harsher detergents that can leave hair brittle 会让发质变脆弱的刺激性较强的洗发水
the harsh conditions of poverty which existed for most people at that time 那时大多数人所面对的艰苦境况
