responsive					热情的，反应灵敏的
echo						回声，暗示，附和，与...相似
division					分开，分配，除法，部门
gender					性别，性
correlation				相关
casualty					伤亡人数
appropriate				合适的，有关的，占用，播发
subtle					细微的，精妙的，敏锐的，隐约的
critical					批评性的，关键的，评论家的
alternatively				或
intimate					亲密的，详尽的，暗示
disengagement				脱离，撤军
lounge					客厅，休息室，躺着
gesture					手势，用动作示意
script					剧本，笔迹
prestige					威望，有声望的
awkward					不方便的，令人尴尬的
entrepreneur				企业家
automatic					自动的，无意识的，必然的，自动挡
thrive					茁壮成长，繁荣
enrich					充实，使...富裕
chew						咀嚼
vehicle					机动车，手段
intriguing					引起兴趣的
segregation				隔离，分开
hurl						猛扔
hurl oneself				扑
hatch						舱口，开口，孵，策划
a hatch of					一窝
disservice					损害
variation					变化，差异，变体
enormous					庞大的
\\\\\\\\

adj. 1 [名词前不常用] ~ (to sb/sth) 反应敏捷的；反应积极的:
2 ~ (to sb/sth) 反应热烈的；反应热情的:
3（对言语或行动）作出回应的:
adj. [名词前不常用] ~ (to sb/sth) 反应敏捷的:
adj. [名词前不常用] ~ (to sb/sth) 对治疗起反应的:
responsive |[rɪˈspɒnsɪv;美-ˈspɑ:n-]
Harriet was an easy, responsive little girl. 哈丽雅特是一个随和机灵的小女孩。
This is a responsive class with plenty of ideas. 这个班上课反应积极，想法层出不穷。
The company is highly responsive to changes in demand. 该公司对需求的变化反应特别迅速。
What conditions can make governments more responsive to the public? 在什么条件下政府才会更积极回应公众的要求? 
With an election coming soon, your MP should be very responsive to your request. 选举在即，你的下院议员应当对你的要求作出积极的回应。
culturally responsive（美）在文化方面积极响应 
culturally responsive classroom management 根据不同文化观进行的课堂管理 
socially responsive 对社会反应积极的 
a flu virus that is not responsive to treatment 治疗无效的流感病毒 
The club is responsive to new ideas. 俱乐部对新的想法都表示欢迎。
a responsive and enthusiastic audience 反应热烈又热情的观众 
emotionally responsive（尤美）情感反应热烈的 
sexual responsive 性反应热烈的 
At hearing his name spoken, the dog gave a responsive wag of his tail. 听到有人喊它的名字，这条狗摆了摆尾巴。
Harriet was an easy, responsive little girl. 哈丽雅特是一个随和机灵的小女孩。
a flu virus that is not responsive to treatment 治疗无效的流感病毒

n. [C] 回声、回音、回响:
vi.（声音）反射回来，即回响、回荡:
~ sth (back) 将声音反射回来；充满回声:
n. [C] 墙体或封闭空间对声音的反射:
vt. 附和一个观点:
n. 1 [C] 想法、事件等的映现（即与另一者相似，并使你想起另一者），也可指使你想起其它事件的一个事件:
2 [C] 一个观点或态度与已被表达或思考的一个观点或态度相同或重复，如共鸣:
vt. 重复或附和一个观点:
vt.（尤指因感到意外而）重复某人说过的话:
vt. 某事物仿效另一事物的某个细节或特征:
vt. 在一种情况或一群人中被持续讨论并仍具有重要性和影响力:
echo |[ˈekəʊ;美ˈekoʊ]
An echo came back from the walls of the building. 大楼的墙壁传来了一声回响。
The echoes reverberated through the auditorium. 回声在礼堂里回荡。
the echo of footsteps running down the corridor 沿走廊跑的脚步回声 
The hills sent back a faint echo. 座座山丘传来微弱的回声。
A faint echo sounded in the cave. 洞穴里传来微弱的回声。
The bat compares the sound of its cry with the sound of the returning echo. 蝙蝠把它自己的叫声和折返的回声作比较。
There was an echo on the line and I couldn't hear clearly. 电话里有回音，我听不清楚。
He heard nothing but the echoes of his own voice. 他只听见了自己的回音。
The echo slowly died away. 回声渐渐消失。
Her footsteps echoed down the corridor. 她的脚步声在走廊里回荡。
His feet echoed on the bare board floor. 他的脚步声在没铺地毯的木地板上发出回响。
Laughter echoed through the house. 笑声回荡在整个房子里。
The protest seemed to echo across the room. 抗议声似乎在房间里回荡。
His voice echoed around the room. 他的声音在整间屋子里回荡。
The bang came suddenly, echoing across the buildings, shattering glass. 突如其来的一声巨响在建筑物间回荡着，震碎了玻璃。
The call echoed off the walls of the cave. 叫喊的回声从洞壁反射过来。
The gunshot echoed through the forest. 枪炮声在林中回荡。
Their voices echoed back across the water. 他们的声音穿过水面传了回来。
Her screams still echoed in his ears. 她的尖叫声仍在他的耳边回响。
vt.&vi. ~ (to/with sth) 
The whole house echoed. 整个房子充满回声。
The great hall echoed with laughter. 大厅里回荡着笑声。
The corridor echoed with the barking of a dozen dogs. 十来只狗的叫声在走廊里回响。
The street echoed with the cries of children. 街上回荡着孩子的哭声。
The valley echoed back his voice. 山谷里回荡着他的声音。
Their views often echo each other. 他们常常你唱我和。
Many phrases in the last two chapters echo earlier passages. 最后两章中的很多说法是对前面段落的呼应。
There are distinct echoes of Elvis Presley in his vocal style. 他的歌唱风格有明显模仿“猫王”埃尔维斯·普雷斯利的痕迹。
The story has echoes of Alice in Wonderland. 这个故事和《爱丽丝漫游仙境》有一些相似之处。
The political upheavals find an echo in the art of the time. 政治动荡在当时的艺术中反映出来。
The accident has echoes of past disasters. 那起事故仿佛是过去灾难的重现。
The initial reports had an eerie echo of the attacks two weeks earlier. 最初的报道令人想起两周前令人不安的袭击。
His words were an echo of what she had heard many times before. 他的话是她多次听到过的话的重复。
I hear an echo of the thinking that got us into this mess in the first place. 我听到有人重提那个最先使我们陷入这一困境的想法。
The speech found an echo in the hearts of many of the audience (= they agreed with it). 这次演讲在许多听众的心中引起共鸣。
Political attacks work only if they find an echo with voters. 政治攻击只有在选民中引起共鸣才会有作用。
In his statement, he merely echoed the views of the CEO. 他在声明中仅仅是重复了首席执行官的观点。
They had ideas which seem to echo our own. 他们似乎是在重复我们的观点。
This is a view echoed by many on the right of the party. 这是党内许多右翼分子都重复过的观点。
Their views often echo each other. 他们常常你唱我和。
an opinion that is widely echoed in the tabloid press 被各家小报广泛转载的观点 
Many phrases in the last two chapters echo earlier passages. 最后两章中的很多说法是对前面段落的呼应。
‘He's gone!’ Tom echoed incredulously. “他去了！”汤姆不相信地重复道。
Pinks and beiges were chosen to echo the colours of the ceiling. 选用了粉红色和米色，以跟从天花板的颜色。
The old fable continues to echo down the centuries. 这则古老的寓言流传了数个世纪。

n. [C] 组织机构中的大型且重要的部门。不如department常用，但比section要常用一些:
division (of sth) (into sth) 分开（或分隔、分配）的过称或结果:
n. [U] 除或除法:
division (between A and B)（尤指一个社会或组织的成员之间）在观点、生活方式等方面的差异、分歧或不和:
n. [C] 在英国可指体育比赛（尤指足球比赛）所划分出的一个组别，即级:
n. [C] 一种军队编制，相当于师:
n. [C]（划分…的）边界线:
n. [C] [术语]（英国议会的）分组表决（以投票支持或反对…）:
division |[dɪ'vɪӡn][dɪ'vɪӡn]
the bank’s Latin American division 该银行的拉丁美洲部 
manufacturing, marketing, sales, training division 制造部；营销部；销售部；培训部 
administrative division 行政部门 
division director 部门主管
cell division 细胞分裂 
the division of labour between the sexes 男女分工 
a fair division of time and resources 时间和资源的合理分配 
the division of wealth 财富分配 
the division of the population into age groups 把人口分成不同的年龄组 
division into two states 分裂成两个国家 
division between good and evil 划分善与恶 
an unequal division of the cake 不均等的蛋糕切分 
the traditional division of language into grammar and vocabulary 把语言分为语法和词汇的传统划分 
hierarchical division between ‘workers’ and ‘management’ “工人”和“管理层”之间的等级划分 
In selling there is a broad division into direct and indirect methods. 销售可大致分为直接销售和间接销售。 
the division sign (÷) 除号 
Can you do division? 你会做除法运算吗？
division by three 用三除
a deep division 严重分歧 
factional divisions within the party 党内的派系分歧 
divisions between rich and poor 贫富差异 
class, cultural, gender, ideological, racial division 阶层差异；文化差异；性别差异；意识形态差异；种族差异 
to heal divisions 弥合裂隙
a first-division team 甲级队 
lightweight division（拳击等运动中的）轻量级 
division game（美）同级别的比赛 
the senior division of the chess league 国际象棋联赛高级组比赛
airborne, armoured/armored, infantry division 空降师；装甲师；步兵师 
division commander 师长 
division headquarters 师部
A hedge forms the division between their land and ours. 他们的土地与我们的土地之间以一道树篱隔开。
The Bill was read without a division. 议案未经分组表决就宣读通过了。

n. 1 [C, U] 性别:
2 [C] 统称男性（或女性）:
n. [C, U]（语法）（用于某些语言中）性（阳性、阴性和中性，不同的性有不同的词尾等）:
gender |[ˈdʒendə(r)]
issues of class, race and gender 阶级、种族和性别问题 
gender relations 两性关系 
gender differences, gender divisions, gender gap 两性差别；性别差异；两性之间的鸿沟 
gender equality, gender equity（尤美）性别平等 
gender bias, gender discrimination, gender imbalance, gender inequality 性别偏见；性别歧视；性别失衡；性别不平等 
The government is working on tackling gender inequalities in employment. 政府正在着手解决就业中的性别不平等问题。
gender identity, gender norm, gender role, gender stereotype 性别认同；性别规范；性别角色；性别成见 
Managers may value different qualities in men than in women, reinforcing gender stereotypes. 管理者可能会在男性和女性身上看重不同的才干，这就进一步强化了性别成见。
gender issues, gender politics 性别问题；性别政治 
gender roles 性别角色 
Women are sometimes denied opportunities solely because of their gender. 妇女有时仅仅因为性别而无法获得种种机会。
While her observations may be true about some men, they could hardly apply to the entire gender. 虽然她的评论就某些男人而言可能是正确的，但绝不适用于所有男性。
the different abilities and skills of the two genders 两性具备的不同能力和技能 
female, male gender 女性；男性 
opposite gender 不同的性别
In French the adjective must agree with the noun in number and gender. 法语中形容词必须在数和性上与名词一致。
In both Welsh and Irish the word for 'moon' is of feminine gender. 在威尔士语和爱尔兰语中，表示“月亮”的词是阴性的。           

~ (of A with B) 两者间的相互关联（即一方的变化会造成另一方的变化）:
correlation |[ˌkɒrəˈleɪʃn;美ˌkɔ:r-;ˌkɑ:r-]
There is a direct correlation between exposure to sun and skin cancer. 皮肤暴露在太阳下与皮肤癌直接相关。
The study showed a significant correlation between smoking and heart disease. 研究表明吸烟与心脏病有很大关联。
A strong correlation exists between obesity in parents and in their children. 父母的肥胖和子女的肥胖之间存在着密切关联。
the correlation between speed and risk of accident 速度和事故风险之间的相关性 
the correlation of height with weight 身高与体重的关联性 
the correlation of social power with wealth 社会权力与财富的相关性 
positive correlation 正相关 
inverse, negative correlation 逆相关；负相关 
statistical correlation 统计相关 
The second group of measurements had a high correlation with the first. 第二组测量数据与第一组具有很强的相关性。
lack of correlation 没有相关性

n. 1 [C] 战争或事故中的伤者或遇难者:
2 [C] 受害者；受损事物:
n. [U]（也可用casualty department或accident and emergency，均为英式用法；美式用emergency room）医院的急诊室:
casualty |[ˈkæʒuəlti]
pedestrian casualty（英）行人伤亡 
road casualty（英）交通事故伤亡人员 
civilian, military casualty 平民伤亡；军人伤亡 
human casualty 人员伤亡 
The guerrillas inflicted heavy casualties on the local population. 游击队使当地居民蒙受重大伤亡。
Troops fired on demonstrators near the Royal Palace causing many casualties. 军队在皇宫附近向示威人群开枪，造成大量伤亡。
Our division suffered only light casualties. 我们师只有少量伤亡。
Both sides had suffered heavy casualties (= many people had been killed). 双方都伤亡惨重。
casualty count, casualty figures, casualty list, casualty rate 伤亡总数；伤亡数字；伤亡名单；伤亡率 
She became a casualty of the reduction in part-time work (= she lost her job). 她成了裁减兼职工作的受害人。
Small shops have been a casualty of the recession. 小商店在经济萧条中深受其害。
Fiat has been one of the greatest casualties of the recession. 菲亚特一直是经济萧条中损失最惨重的公司之一。
casualty unit, casualty ward 急诊室；急诊病房 
The victims were rushed to casualty. 受伤者被迅速送往急救室。
I was taken to casualty at St Thomas's Hospital. 我被送往圣·托马斯医院的急救室。
He was admitted to casualty with head injuries. 他因头部受伤而被送进急诊室。
He works as a doctor in casualty. 他是急诊医生。

adj. appropriate (for/to sth)（对于某种情况或条件来说）合适的（或可接受的、恰当的）。相对正式:
vt. [正式] appropriate sth (for sth) 为某一用途而拿取（或给予）某事物（尤指金钱，此时可称为拨款）:
vt. [正式]（尤指非法或未经允许地）拿来某事物（如某人的想法等）以供自己使用，具体可称为盗用、挪用等:
appropriate |[ə'prəʊprɪət]
appropriate response, appropriate measure, appropriate method, appropriate time 恰如其分的反应；恰当的措施；恰当的方法；合适的时候 
to take appropriate action 采取适当的行动 
Jeans are not appropriate for a formal party. 正式聚会上穿牛仔裤不合适。
It was thought appropriate to award her the prize. 大家都认为应该把奖颁给她。
Five million dollars has been appropriated for research into the disease. 已拨款五百万元用于这种疾病的研究。
He was accused of appropriating club funds. 他被控挪用俱乐部资金。
Some of the opposition party’s policies have been appropriated by the government. 反对党的一些政策已被政府照搬照用。

adj.（气味、味道、声音或颜色）淡淡的、隐约的、柔和的:
adj. [常褒] 不易察觉的、不明显的，如微妙的:
adj.（声音）淡淡的、隐约的:
adj.（气味）淡淡的:
adj.（颜色）淡淡的、柔和的:
adj. 组织得巧妙的:
adj.（味道）淡淡的:
adj. 1（人或其行为）为达成某事而行为机智的、使用间接方法的:
2 头脑敏锐的、能够注意到并理解某事物的:
subtle |[ˈsʌtl]
subtle shades of brown 淡棕色 
subtle colours, subtle flavours, subtle smells 淡淡的色彩；淡淡的味道；淡淡的气味 
delightfully subtle scents 怡人的淡淡香气
There are subtle differences between the two versions. 两个版本之间有一些细微的差异。
infinitely subtle tonal gradations 极其精细的音调梯级 
She's been dropping subtle hints about what she'd like as a present. 她不断隐隐暗示她喜欢什么样的礼物。
the slow and subtle changes that take place in all living things 发生在所有生物身上的缓慢而细微的变化 
Intolerance can take subtler forms too. 过敏反应也可能会表现得很不明显。
subtle smells 淡淡的气味 
delightfully subtle scents 怡人的淡淡香气         
subtle shades of brown 淡棕色 
subtle colours 淡淡的色彩
a subtle plan 巧妙的计划 
a subtle use of lighting in the play 灯光在剧中的巧妙运用
subtle flavours 淡淡的味道；
I decided to try a more subtle approach. 我决定智取。
I even began to exploit him in subtle ways. 我甚至开始巧妙地利用他。
He is a subtle character, you know. 你知道他为人狡猾。
The job required a subtle mind. 那项工作需要一个头脑敏锐的人去做。

adj. ~ (of sb/sth) 对某人或某事物表示批评的:
adj. ~ (of sb/sth) 对某人或某事物表示挑剔的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 根据（艺术、音乐、文学等）评论家的判断或评论的:
adj. 有公正（或审慎）的判断力的:
adj.（局势、病情等）严重的；不确定的且可能有危险的，如危急的:
adj.（对未来某一局势的影响）极为重要的、关键的:
critical |[ˈkrɪtɪkl]
critical comment, critical report 批判性的评论；批判性的报道 
Tom's parents were highly critical of the school. 汤姆的父母对学校提出了强烈的批评。
His report is highly critical of the trial judge. 他在报告中对主审法官有颇多批评。
a few dozen intellectuals who've been critical of the regime 几十名一直批判该政权的知识分子 
I think you're being overly critical. 我觉得你批评得太过了。
She became openly critical of party policy. 她开始公开批评党的政策。
The report was highly critical of the railway's poor safety record. 报告严厉批评了该铁路糟糕的安全记录。
The supervisor is always very critical. 主管总是很挑剔。
the film director's greatest critical success 那位电影导演从评论界获得的最大成功 
In her day she never received the critical acclaim (= praise from the critics) she deserved. 她一生从未受到过评论家应当给她的赞扬。
The film met with considerable critical and public acclaim. 该影片受到了影评人和公众的高度评价。
The show was also a resounding critical success. 这次演出同样好评如潮。
Students are encouraged to develop critical thinking instead of accepting opinions without questioning them. 要鼓励学生培养判断力，而非不加质疑地接受各种观点。
We need to become critical text-readers. 我们需要培养对文章的评判能力。
Marx's work was more than a critical study of capitalist production. 马克思的著作不仅仅是对资本主义生产的批判性研究。
a critical moment in our country's history 我国历史上的危急关头 
The German authorities are considering an airlift if the situation becomes critical. 如果局势变得危急，德国当局将考虑实施空运。
Its day-to-day finances are in a critical state. 其日常财务状况十分糟糕。
The first 24 hours after the operation are the most critical. 病人手术后头24小时是最危险的。
Ten of the injured are said to be in critical condition. 据说伤者中有10人情况危急。
One of the victims of the fire remains in a critical condition. 大火的一位受害者依然病情危急。
a critical factor in the election campaign 竞选活动的关键因素 
Reducing levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is of critical importance. 减少大气层中的二氧化碳含量极其重要。
Your decision is critical to our future. 你的决定对我们的将来至关重要。
The incident happened at a critical point in the campaign. 该事件发生在竞选活动的关键时期。
Environmentalists say a critical factor in the city's pollution is its population. 环境保护主义者说造成该城市污染问题的一个关键因素是其人口数量。
Maintaining control of the budget is absolutely critical for success. 控制住预算对于成功极为重要。
This reorganization is critical to the long-term future of the company. 这次重组对公司的长远发展至关重要。

You use alternatively to introduce a suggestion or to mention something different from what has just been stated. 或者
alternatively |英 [ɔːl'tɜːnətɪvlɪ]  美 [ɔl'tɝnətɪvli]| adv. 非此即彼；二者择一地；作为一种选择/
Hotels are generally of a good standard and not too expensive. Alternatively you could stay in an apartment.旅馆一般标准高并且不太贵。或者你可以住公寓。


adj. 个人隐私的（常指性方面的）:
adj.（地方或情形）宜于密切关系的；温馨的；便于发生性关系的:
adj.（事物间的联系）密切的、紧密的:
adj. ~ (with sb) [法律] 有性关系的、有恋爱关系的:
vt. ~ sth (to sb) [正式] 向某人间接透露你的所想所思或意图:
n. [C] 亲密的私人朋友:
adj.（人）关系亲密的:
adj.（知识）非常详尽且透彻的:
intimate |[ˈɪntɪmət]
The article revealed intimate details about his family life. 文章披露了他的家庭生活中的隐私。
I hate to interrupt your intimate conversation but we do have an assignment to discuss. 我实在不愿打断你们的私人谈话,但是我们确实有事要谈。
the most intimate parts of his body 他的身体的最隐私部位
an intimate restaurant 幽静温馨的餐厅 
He knew an intimate little bar where they would not be disturbed. 他知道一处适合幽会的小酒吧，他们在那里不会受到打扰。
an intimate candlelit dinner for two 温馨的二人烛光晚餐 
intimate atmosphere 温馨的气氛
an intimate connection between class and educational success 社会阶层和优良教育之间的密切联系 
an intimate connection between madness and wisdom 疯狂与智慧的密切关联 
France has kept the most intimate links with its former African territories. 法国与其前非洲属地一直保持着最密切的联系。
I just won't discuss my intimate relationships. 我就是不想讨论我的恋爱关系。
their intimate moments with their boyfriends 她们与男友共浴爱河的时刻
He has already intimated to us his intention to retire. 他已经向我们透露了他要退休的打算。
He went on to intimate that he was indeed contemplating a shake-up of the company. 他继续暗示他确实在考虑对公司进行一次大改组。
He had intimated to the French and Russians his readiness to come to a settlement. 他已经向法国人和俄国人暗示他愿意达成协议。
intimate friends 密友 
We're not on intimate terms with our neighbours. 我们和邻居来往不多。
an intimate knowledge of the English countryside 对英格兰乡村的透彻了解 
He surprised me with his intimate knowledge of Schopenhauer. 他对叔本华的深刻了解让我很吃惊。

Disengagement is a process by which people gradually stop being involved in a conflict, activity, or organization. (从活动、组织或争端中的)脱离
disengagement |英 [dɪsɪn'geɪdʒm(ə)nt; dɪsen-]  美 [,dɪsɪn'gedʒmənt]| n. 脱离；分开/
This policy of disengagement from the European war had its critics.从欧战中逐渐撤军的政策遭到了批评。


vi. 懒洋洋地站着、坐着或躺着，相当于lazy around:
n. [C] [英]（酒店、旅馆等场所内部的）酒吧（该类酒吧通常较舒适，所售的饮料价格也比一般的酒吧贵），相当于lounge bar:
n. [C] [英]（私人住宅中用于坐或放松的）起居室，相当于living room或sitting room:
n. [C]（旅馆、俱乐部等用于等候或放松的）休息室:
n. [C] [英]（酒店、旅馆等场所内部的）酒吧（该类酒吧通常较舒适，所售的饮料价格也比一般的酒吧贵），相当于lounge bar:
n. [C]（机场等地的）候机室，候车室:
lounge |[laʊndӡ]
He was lounging around, reading newspapers. 他懒洋洋地坐着看报。
lounge act, lounge singer 酒吧表演；酒吧歌手
The present owners added a new kitchen and a lounge. 目前的主人增添了一个新的厨房和一个起居室。
coffee（尤英）, karaoke, television, TV lounge 小咖啡厅；卡拉OK厅；电视放映室 
hotel lounge 旅馆的休息室 
executive lounge 商务休息室 
lounge area, lounge room, lounge space 休息区；休息室
airport lounge 机场候机室 
departure lounge 出站候机室 
VIP lounge 贵宾候机室

vt.＆vi. gesture (for/to sb) (to do sth) 用手、头、脸等做出某个动作以表示自己的意思或意愿，即用动作示意:
n. 1 [C, U] 用你的手、头、脸等所做出的示意性动作（该动作表达了某种意思）:
2 [C] 某人所做出（或说出）的表示某一情感或意图的行为（或话语），可看作比喻义的“姿态”:
gesture |['dӡestʃə]
‘I see you read a lot,’ he said, gesturing at the wall of books.“看来你读了很多书。”他指着那一墙的书说道。
He gestured vaguely towards the house. 他含混地指了指那座房子。
He gestured (to me) that it was time to go. 他示意（我）该走了。
He gestured abruptly for Virginia to get in the car. 他粗鲁地示意弗吉尼娅上车。
Tom gestured to the waiter. 汤姆招手示意服务生过去。
a rude gesture 粗野的手势 
a vague gesture 含糊的手势 
They communicated entirely by gesture. 他们完全用手势交流。
She made an expansive gesture with her arms. 她做了个大张双臂的动作。
She waved us away with an impatient gesture. 她不耐烦地挥手打发我们走开。
a gesture of sympathy 表示同情 
a gesture of goodwill 善意的表示 
It was a nice gesture to invite his wife too. 把他的妻子也请来是友好的表示。
The government has made a gesture towards public opinion. 政府已就民意表了态。
Words and empty gestures are not enough--we demand action! 讲空话和摆姿态是不够的——我们需要的是行动！

n. [sing.] 用于否定句，表示没有按照原计划（或期待）进行:
n. [U, C] [计算机] 计算机的一系列指令，即脚本（程序）:
n. [C] [英] 考生在笔试试卷上写下的答案:
vt. [常用被动式] 为电影、戏剧等写剧本；为广播、电视节目等撰稿:
n.  [U] 手写的字:
n. [C]（剧、电影、广播、讲话等的）剧本、讲稿:
n. [U, C] 一种语言的字母系统、字母表。相当于alphabet:
script |[skrɪpt]
Losing was not in the script. 没想到会输掉比赛。
The game plan was right. We just didn't follow the script. 比赛战术是正确的。只是我们没有照部署去打。
The bug was caused by an error in the script. 这个故障是由脚本程序出错造成的。
James Cameron, who scripted and directed both films 詹姆斯·卡梅伦，这两部电影的编剧兼导演
neat script 整洁的字迹 
cursive, flowing script 草书；行书 
She admired his neat script. 她欣赏他写的一手好字。
She writes in a neat, flowing script. 她写得一手工整流畅的好字。
draft script（尤英）剧本草稿 
original script 原创剧本 
final script 定稿剧本 
comedy, film（尤英）, movie（尤美）, radio, television, TV script 喜剧剧本；电影剧本；广播稿；电视剧本 
shooting script 拍摄脚本 
script editor 剧本编辑 
script writer（通常用scriptwriter）编剧 
a script about a farmer's life 关于一个农民生活的剧本 
a script for children's TV 儿童电视节目脚本 
That line isn't in the original script. 原剧本中没有那句台词。
Jenny's writing a film script. 珍妮在写一个电影剧本。
phonetic script 标音书写体系；音标 
Arabic, Cyrillic, Hebrew, Japanese script 阿拉伯文字；西里尔文字；希伯来文字；日本文字 
a document in Cyrillic script 一份用西里尔字母书写的文件 
a text in the Malay language but written in Arabic script 一篇使用阿拉伯字母书写的马来语演讲稿

n. [U] 某人或某事物因其社会地位（或其所做的事情）而得到的尊重或敬仰，如威信、威望、声望:
adj. 因其看起来重要或昂贵而受人羡慕和尊敬的，如名贵的、讲究派头的。相当于luxury:
adj. [只用于名词前] 带来尊敬和敬仰的（即令人敬仰的）；重要的:
prestige |[preˈsti:ʒ]
personal prestige 个人声望 
military, political, social prestige 军事威望；政治声望；社会声望 
academic, intellectual prestige 学术声望 
occupational prestige（美）职业声望 
Winning the prize carries immense prestige. 获奖带来很高的声望。
efforts to build up the prestige of the United Nations 为树立联合国的威望所作的努力 
It was his responsibility for foreign affairs that gained him international prestige. 他在负责处理外交事务的过程中赢得了国际声望。
an international company that enjoys immense prestige 声名显赫的跨国公司 
Lavish hospitality allows the host to gain prestige. 盛情的款待使主人获得声望。
Different jobs are accorded different levels of prestige. 不同的工作被赋予不同的社会声望。
Owning landed property confers prestige. 拥有地产给人以声望。
The royal couple's prestige was damaged by the allegations. 这对王室夫妇的威信因这些指控而受损。
the party's prestige among the public 该政党在公众中的威望 
The post carried great prestige within the police force. 这个职位在警察系统内很受尊重。
Doctors have suffered a loss of prestige following a spate of scandals. 接二连三的丑闻使医生名誉扫地。
Wearing designer clothes is a matter of personal prestige for many teenagers. 对很多青少年来说，穿名牌服装是一件关于个人声望的事。
There is a lot of prestige attached to owning a car like this. 拥有这样一部汽车会显得很气派。
jobs with low prestige 地位低微的工作
such prestige cars as Cadillac, Mercedes, Porsche and Jaguar. 像凯迪拉克、奔驰、保时捷和捷豹这样气派的汽车          
a prestige job 体面的工作

adj. 难以处理或对付的，相当于difficult:
adj. 1（因其形状或设计而）困难的或危险的:
2（移动起来）笨拙的；不舒适的:
adj. 1 令人感到尴尬或难堪的。是一个常规用词，极为常用:
2 不方便的，相当于inconvenient:
awkward |['ɔ:kwəd]
awkward customer 难对付的家伙 
She asked some rather awkward questions. 她问了一些相当难回答的问题。
Please don’t be awkward about letting him come. 关于让他来这件事你不要作梗。
This box is very awkward for one person to carry. 这只箱子一个人很不好搬。
He tried to dance, but he was too clumsy and awkward. 他试着跳舞，但是太笨拙，太别扭。
I must have slept in an awkward position--I’m aching all over. 我一定是睡觉的姿势不对——我全身疼痛。
There was an awkward silence. 一阵令人尴尬的沉默。
a socially awkward person 在社交场合感到不自在的人 
She is awkward with people she doesn’t know. 她和陌生人在一起感到不自在。
They felt awkward about having to leave so soon. 这么快就得走，他们感到很难为情。
Have I come at an awkward time? 我来得不是时候吧？

n. [C]（创业的）企业家（强调冒险性）:
entrepreneur |[ˌɒntrəprəˈnɜ:(r);美ˌɑ:n-]
a recent MBA graduate and budding entrepreneur 一名刚刚工商管理硕士毕业的崭露头角的企业家 
a serial entrepreneur who had founded four companies 一位连续创办了四家公司的企业家 
business entrepreneur 企业家；实业家 
dotcom, Internet, music, property（英）, real estate（尤美）, retail entrepreneur 互联网企业家；音乐企业家；房地产企业家；零售业企业家

n. [C] 只要扣动扳机就能持续发射子弹的枪支，如自动手枪或自动步枪:
n. [C] [英] 自动变速汽车，自动换挡汽车:
adj. 由于某种行为或情况而必然发生的，也可叫当然的:
adj. 不需要思考就得到执行或发生的，即下意识的，不假思索的，相当于instinctive。且与unconscious也描述的是同样的情况，只是描述的角度不同而已:
adj.（机器、装置等）自动的，无需人工操作的:
automatic |[͵ɔ:tə'mætɪk]
He drew his automatic and began running in the direction of the sounds. 他拔出自动枪，朝发出声音的方向跑去。
A fine for this offence is automatic. 这种违法行为当然要罚款。
Promotion was almost automatic after two or three years. 两三年后几乎是自动获得晋升。
Breathing is an automatic function of the body. 呼吸是一种无意识的身体功能。
My reaction was automatic. 我的反应是不由自主的。
automatic doors 自动门 
an automatic rifle 自动步枪 
The machine is fully automatic. 这台机器是全自动的。

vi. ~ on sth/doing sth（尤指在别人觉得困难的时候）以…为乐，可以出色应对:
vi. 变得持续成功、强大、健康等，如繁荣、兴旺、发达:
thrive |[θraɪv]
Many people thrive on a stressful lifestyle. 有许多人喜欢充满压力的生活方式。
Some people seem to thrive on stress. 有些人好像在压力之下游刃有余。
Creative people are usually very determined and thrive on overcoming obstacles. 富有创造力的人一般都意志非常坚定，能不断克服困难，事业蒸蒸日上。
New businesses thrive in this area. 新商家在这一地区蓬勃兴起。
Today his company continues to thrive. 今天，他的公司继续蓬勃发展。
The glass industry still thrives there. 那里的玻璃行业仍然兴旺。
a culture which positively thrives on new ideas 扎根新思想而欣欣向荣的文化 
These traditions continued to thrive. 这些传统依然盛行。
These animals rarely thrive in captivity. 这些动物栏养起来很少会肥壮。
Lavender thrives in poor soil. 薰衣草在贫瘠的土壤中茁壮生长。
failure to thrive (医学) 患难养儿症 
concerned about their baby daughter's failure to thrive 为他们的小女儿患难养儿症而担心

improve or enhance the quality or value of:改进或提升产品的质量或价值
increase the nutritive value of (food) by adding vitamins or nutrients:通过添加维生素或营养素来增加（食物）的营养价值
increase the proportion of a particular isotope in (an element), especially that of the isotope U-235 in uranium so as to make it suitable for use in a nuclear reactor or weapon:增加特定同位素在（元素）中的比例，特别是铀中同位素U-235的比例，使其适用于核反应堆或武器
make (someone) wealthy or wealthier:使（某人）变得富有或更富有
enrich |ɪnˈrɪtʃ| Verb/:丰富
her exposure to museums enriched her life in France:她在博物馆的接触丰富了她在法国的生活
porridge oats enriched with extra oat bran:porridge燕麦富含额外的燕麦麸
they announced they would resume building the centrifuges that can enrich uranium to weapons-grade strength:他们宣布他们将继续建造能够将铀浓缩到武器级强度的离心机
top party members had enriched themselves:top党员发财致富

chew sth (up) 在口中用牙齿将食物咬碎或嚼碎（以使其易于消化）:
2 chew (on sth) 持续性地咬…，例如由于紧张而咬或由于品尝而嚼:
3（人或动物）咬物品:
n. [U] 咀嚼:
n. [C] 口香糖:
n. [U] 供咀嚼用的烟草:
chew |[tʃu:]
vt.＆vi. 1 chew (at/on/through sth) 
to chew food 咀嚼食物 
to chew on his apple 嚼苹果 
Chew your food up thoroughly before you swallow it. 食物完全嚼烂后再咽。
to chew fingers 咬手指 
He chewed his lower lip nervously. 他紧张地咬着下唇。
to chew gum 嚼口香糖 
to chew on an apple 嚼苹果 
to chew pencil 咬铅笔 
She chewed through the tape that bound her. 她咬断了捆绑她的带子。

n. [C] vehicle (for sth) 表达思想、感情、或达成某事所使用的媒介，即手段，工具:
n. [C] launch vehicle 可表示运载火箭:
n. [C] vehicle (for sth) 表达思想、感情、或达成某事所使用的媒介，即手段，工具:
n. [C] [相对正式] 交通工具的总称，尤指车辆，又尤指机动车辆。是此义的常规用词，极为常用:
vehicle |['vi:ɪkl]
His art is a vehicle for his self-expression. 他的艺术是他借以表达自己的一种工具。
an investment vehicle 投资工具 
The play is a perfect vehicle for her talents. 这出戏让她能够充分发挥自己的才华。
the main vehicle of communication for students 学生相互交流的主要媒介
His art is a vehicle for his self-expression. 他的艺术是他借以表达自己的一种工具。
an investment vehicle 投资工具 
The play is a perfect vehicle for her talents. 这出戏让她能够充分发挥自己的才华。
the main vehicle of communication for students 学生相互交流的主要媒介
launch vehicle 运载火箭 
horse-drawn, motor vehicle 马拉的交通工具；机动车辆 
electric, hybrid vehicle 电动车；混合动力车 
diesel vehicle 柴油车 
tracked, wheeled vehicle 履带车辆；有轮车辆 
off-road vehicle 越野车 
sport utility vehicle（缩写为SUV）运动型多功能车 
luxury vehicle 豪华车 
private vehicle 私家车 
passenger vehicle 客车 
commercial vehicle 商用车 
goods vehicle（英）货车 
rescue vehicle 救援车辆 
police vehicle 警车 
fighting, military vehicle 战车；军车 
vehicle emissions 机动车尾气排放 
vehicle maintenance 车辆维护

adj.（因不同寻常、奇怪或没有明显答案而）非常有趣的、引人入胜的:
intriguing |[ɪnˈtri:gɪŋ]
It all sounds very intriguing. 这一切听起来都很有趣。
These discoveries raise intriguing questions. 这些发现带来了非常有趣的问题。
I found the story rather intriguing. 我觉得这个故事相当有意思。
an intriguing possibility 令人不解的可能性 
He found her intriguing. 他觉得她很迷人。
This intriguing book is both thoughtful and informative. 这本引人入胜的书既有思想性又富知识性。

n. 1 [U]（对不同种族、宗教或性别的人所采取的）隔离并区别对待，隔离政策:
2 [U] [正式]（一些人或事物与一个更大的群体的）隔离:
segregation |[ˌsegrɪˈgeɪʃn]
racial, religious, residential, sex, social segregation 种族隔离；宗教隔离；居住地域隔离；性别隔离；社会隔离 
segregation by age and sex 按照年龄和性别而实施的隔离 
to bring an end to sex segregation within the school 在学校内结束性别隔离 
segregation between students of different ethnic groups 不同族裔学生之间的隔离了 
The Supreme Court unanimously ruled that racial segregation in schools was unconstitutional. 联邦最高法院一致裁定学校实行的种族隔离措施违反宪法。
Connecticut agreed to end its segregation of prison inmates suffering from AIDS. 康涅狄格州同意不再隔离患艾滋病的囚犯。
the segregation of smokers and non-smokers in restaurants 在餐馆对吸烟者和非吸烟者加以隔离的措施

vt. 朝某个方向猛扔、猛投、猛摔:
vt. ~ abuse, accusations, insults, etc. (at sb) 气势汹汹地大声喊出（辱骂等恶言）:
vi. [美，俚语] 呕吐:
hurl |[hɜ:l;美hɜ:rl]
He hurled a brick through the window. 他往窗户里扔了块砖。
Groups of angry youths hurled stones at police. 成群结伙愤怒的年轻人朝警察投掷石块。
One prisoner set fire to rags and hurled them into the courtyard. 一名囚犯将破布点着，扔进院子。
to hurl a grenade 扔手榴弹
Rival fans hurled abuse at each other. 两帮对立的球迷相互高声辱骂。
How would you handle being locked in the back of a cab while the driver hurled abuse at you? 如果你被锁在出租车后座上而且还遭到司机的无礼谩骂，你会怎么办？

vt. hatch sth (up) 策划，尤指秘密策划出一个计划或想法:
n. [C] 两个房间之间的一个小开口，尤指厨房和餐厅之间供传递食物的小窗口:
n. [C]（飞行器或宇宙飞船的）门:
vi. 1 hatch (out) 可指（小鸟、小鱼、小昆虫等）从蛋或卵里出来，即出壳:
2 hatch (out) 可指蛋破（从而小鸟、小鱼、小昆虫等出来）:
vt. 使（小鸟、小鱼、小昆虫等）从蛋或卵里出来，即孵化出:
n. [C]（地面或天花板的）开口或门:
n. [C]（也可用hatchway）飞机底部的一个开口或门，搬运货物要经由此处，即货舱门:
n. [C]（也可用hatchway）船甲板上的一个开口或门，搬运货物要经由此处，即货舱门:
vt. 在（图形、阴影等上）画平行或交错的线（以表示该部分是个阴影）:
hatch |[hætʃ]
Have you been hatching up a deal with her? 你是不是在和她密谋什么交易？
to hatch a plot to assassinate the pope 阴谋策划暗杀教皇
serving hatch（尤英）递菜窗口 
a hatch between the kitchen and the dining room 厨房和餐厅之间的递菜口
an escape hatch 紧急出口
Ten chicks hatched (out) this morning. 今早有十只小鸡出壳了。
The eggs hatch after a week or ten days. 这些蛋一周或十天后孵化出来。
to hatch eggs 孵蛋
a hatch to the attic 通着阁楼的门
Leave the hatch open. 让舱口开着。

n. [sing.] do sb/sth a disservice 伤害、损害、危害:
disservice |[dɪsˈsɜ:vɪs;dɪˈsɜ:-;美-ˈsɜ:rv-]
He said the protesters were doing a disservice to the nation. 他说抗议者正对国家造成危害。
You could do yourself a grave disservice by revealing all to a potential rival. 将一切都透露给潜在的竞争对手只会给自己帮倒忙。
This violence will do a grave disservice to their cause. 这种暴力行为将严重危害他们的事业。

n. 1 [C, U] ~ (in/of sth) 变化，尤指某事物的数量或水平的变化:
2 [C] ~ (on sth) 同种事物的一个变体、变种:
n. [C] [音乐] ~ (on sth) 变奏曲:
variation |[ˌveəriˈeɪʃn;美ˌver-]
The dial records very slight variations in pressure. 该刻度盘能显示很微小的压力变化。
There may be striking variations within a species. 同一物种中可能出现惊人的变异。
Currency exchange rates are always subject to variation. 货币的兑换率始終波动。
The survey found a wide variation in the prices charged for canteen food. 调查发现食堂饭菜的价格相差很大。
Every day without variation my grandfather ate a plate of cold ham. 我的祖父每天都会吃一盘冷火腿，雷打不动。
subtle variations of light and texture 光线和质地上的细微不同 
local, regional variation 局部差异；地区性差异 
climatic, cultural, environmental, genetic, geographic, geographical, linguistic variation 气候差异；文化差异；环境差异；基因变异；地理差异；语言变异 
annual, daily, seasonal 年度变化；每日变化；季节性变化 
The businesses showed a dramatic variation in how they treated their staff. 这些企业在对待员工方面显示出巨大的差别。
Considerable variation was found in the terms offered by different banks.各家银行给出的条件差异颇大。
variation according to the time of year 一年之中随时间不同而发生的变化 
She is studying linguistic variation across the social range. 她在研究跨社会领域的语言变异。
variation among the students in terms of ability 学生之中能力的差异 
variations between different accents 各种口音之间的不同 
There is little variation by sex or social class in these attitudes. 这些态度几乎没有因为性别和社会阶级不同而有差异。
temperature variation with altitude 随着海拔高度的不同而产生的温度变化 
This soup is a spicy variation on a traditional favourite. 这种汤是在一种受欢迎的传统汤羹中加了香料。
This delicious variation on an omelette is quick and easy to prepare. 这种稍加变化的可口煎蛋卷做起来又快又容易。
Many theories on punishment exist, all of which are variations on a theme. 关于惩罚的理论有很多，虽形式略有不同，但其主旨都是一样的。
The story is a variation on 'Treasure Island'. 这个故事由《金银岛》改编而成。
His numerous complaints are all variations on a theme. 他满腹的牢骚说来说去都是一件事。
a set of variations on a theme by Mozart 以莫扎特某一乐曲为主题的一组变奏曲 
His numerous complaints are all variations on a theme (= all about the same thing).（比喻用法）他的满腹牢骚说来道去都是为了一件事。

adj. 极大的、巨大的、庞大的:
adj. 范围或程度极大的，即极其、十分:
enormous |[ɪˈnɔ:məs;美ɪˈnɔ:rməs]
enormous house, enormous dog 巨大的房子；大狗 
The main bedroom is enormous. 主卧室非常大。
an enormous amount of time 大量的时间 
There is, of course, an enormous amount to see. 当然有很多可看的。
enormous interest 浓厚的兴趣 
The problems facing the President are enormous. 总统面临的问题是巨大的。
It was an enormous disappointment. 真是让人万分失望。
his enormous capacity for brutality 他的穷凶极恶           
