clue					线索，想法
arrogant				傲慢的
elevate				抬起，提高，提升
expansion				膨胀，扩大
rate of expansion			增长率
authority				权力，权威，来源
publicize				宣传
reflective				反射的，典型的，沉思的
be reflective of			代表...
reflective faculty		思辨能力
quantity				数量，大量
acutely				深切的，极其，敏锐的
isolate				使脱离，隔离，使...孤立
vigorous				有力的，强健的，坚决的
counsel				劝告，建议
vivid					鲜艳的，清晰的，生动的
hostility				不友善，敌意，反对
hostilities				战争行为
collaborate				合作，通敌
consultation			商讨会，商讨，查阅
transition				过渡
deteriorate				恶化，磨损
pasture				牧场，放牧
eyewitness				目击者
trait					特点，性状
anticipate				预料，期望，是先驱
numerous				许多的
combination				混合体，组合
slightly				略微的，纤细的
dividend				股息，收益，被除数
minimal				最小的
derail				使...脱轨
barrier				障碍
ingenuity				心灵手巧
\\\\\\\\

n. 1 [C] ~ (to sth)（解决问题所需要的）线索、提示:
2 [C]（纵横填字谜、游戏或问题的）提示信息:
3 [C] haven't a ~ 不知道、一无所知:
n. [C] ~ (to sth)（帮助警方破案的）线索:
clue |[klu:]
Diet may hold the clue to the causes of migraine. 饮食习惯有可能揭示偏头痛的起因。
Geneticists in Canada have discovered a clue to the puzzle of why our cells get old and die. 加拿大的遗传学家已经发现了解开细胞衰老、死亡之谜的线索。
This research might provide an important clue about how cancer develops. 这项研究可能会为癌症的成因提供重要线索。
How a man shaves may be a telling clue to his age. 男人刮胡子的方式也许能泄露其年龄。
‘You'll never guess who I saw today! ’ ‘Give me a clue.’ “你绝对猜不着我今天见到谁了！”“给我提示一下吧。” 
The picture contains subtle clues about the site's history. 这幅图包含有关于遗址历史的细微线索。
I haven't a clue what I'll give Carl for his birthday next year. 我不知道明年卡尔过生日我该送什么。
The police think the videotape may hold some vital clues to the identity of the killer. 警方认为那盘录像带可能录有能确认凶手身份的一些重要线索。
The vital clue to the killer's identity was his nickname, Peanuts. 查明杀手身份的重要线索是他的外号叫“花生”。
The hat gives a clue to the identity of the killer. 那顶帽子提供了辨认杀人犯的线索。
The letter yielded no clues. 这封信没有提供任何线索。
The burglar left no clues. 入室窃贼没有留下任何线索。
We must have missed some vital clue. 我们一定是忽略了某个重要的线索。
a clue as to her whereabouts 关于她行踪的线索

adj. 傲慢的、自大的:
arrogant |[ˈærəgənt]
He was so arrogant. 他是如此傲慢。
That sounds arrogant, doesn't it? 那话听起来很嚣张，是不是？

If you elevate something, you raise it higher. 举起; 抬高
To elevate something means to increase it in amount or intensity. 提高
If you elevate something to a higher status, you consider it to be better or more important than it really is. 抬高 (地位)
elevation 提拔
When someone or something achieves a more important rank or status, you can say that they are elevated to it. 提拔
elevate |英 ['elɪveɪt]  美 ['ɛlɪvet]| vt. 提升；举起；振奋情绪等；提升…的职位/
I built a platform to elevate the bed.我搭了一个台子把床抬高了。
A few times a day, elevate feet above heart level.一天几次把脚抬到高过心脏的位置。
Emotional stress can elevate blood pressure.情绪紧张会使血压升高。
Don't elevate your superiors to superstar status.不要把你的上级抬高到超级明星的地位。
The elevation of the assistant coach to the head coaching position within only 9 months was a surprise.这位助理教练仅仅在9个月内就被提拔到总教练的位置是件令人惊讶的事。
He was elevated to the post of president.他被提拔到总裁的职位。


n. [U, C]（尺寸、规模、数量、重要性等方面的）扩张、扩展、扩大、膨胀:
expansion |[ɪkˈspænʃn]
This is land being held for future expansion. 这片土地留作日后扩展之用。
Russian expansion to the East and South 俄罗斯向东和向南的扩张 
eastward expansion 向东的扩展 
global, overseas, worldwide expansion 全球扩张；海外扩张；世界范围的扩展 
The board decided to embark on aggressive overseas expansion. 董事会决定着手积极拓展海外业务。
business, commercial, corporate（尤美）业务扩张；商业扩张；公司扩张 
economic, industrial, market expansion 经济的扩张；工业的扩张；市场的扩张 
This will slow the rate of monetary expansion. 这项举措将会放慢货币扩张的速度。
capitalist, imperialist expansion 资本主义扩张；帝国主义扩张 
colonial, imperial, territorial expansion 殖民扩张；帝国扩张；领土扩张 
an unprecedented military expansion around the globe 史无前例的全球军事扩张 
geographic（尤美）, geographical expansion 地理扩张 
the geographical expansion of industry in the late 19th century 19世纪晚期工业的地理扩张 
population expansion 人口膨胀 
urban expansion 城市扩展 
airport, prison（尤美）expansion 机场的扩建；监狱的扩建 
The economy is still showing healthy expansion. 经济仍显示出健康发展的势头。
The museum is undergoing a major expansion. 这座博物馆正在进行大面积的扩建。
The design of the front pockets allows for expansion. 前口袋的设计可以允许伸缩。
The company is set for further expansion into niche areas.（be set for尤为英式用法）公司正准备进一步向细分领域拓展。
Despite the recession the company is confident of further expansion. 尽管经济衰退，公司对进一步扩展仍充满信心。
an $80 million expansion of its Madras factory其所属的马德拉斯工厂一项花费8000万美元的扩展项目 
She proposed a modest expansion of unemployment benefits. 她提议适度扩大失业救济。
They are planning a major expansion in research and development. 他们正计划大范围扩展研发领域。
The executive board has approved this expansion. 执行董事会已经同意了这项扩张计划。
Foreign investment fuelled/fueled this expansion. 外资有力地推动了这项扩展。
He opposed expansion of the army and navy. 他反对扩充陆军和海军。
In order to finance expansion on this scale, the government has relied heavily on borrowing. 为了在财政上支持如此规模的发展，政府严重依赖于借贷。
expansion plan, expansion programme/program 扩张计划 
expansion into the luxury car market 向豪华轿车市场进军 
a period of rapid economic expansion 经济快速发展期 
The rate of expansion of our overseas trade has been spectacular. 我们海外贸易的发展速度非常惊人。
The company believes there is scope for expansion in this sector. 公司相信这一行业还有发展的空间。
the rapid expansion of private health insurance 个人健康保险的迅速发展 
a great age of expansion in trade and science 贸易和科学发展的大好时期 
The book is an expansion of a series of lectures given last year. 本书是去年举行的系列讲座的扩充。
an unprecedented expansion in linguistic studies at universities 大学中语言学研究的空前发展

n. [U]（关于去做某事的）官方或正式许可，即批准，授权:
n. [U] 因人们对某人的知识或官方职位的尊敬，而使该人具有的影响他人的能力，即权威，威信，影响力:
n. [C] authority (on sth)指一个拥有专门知识的人，即专家，学术权威。虽然有时也可称为“专家”，但侧重于强调某人在学术领域相对于其他人的一种权威性，因此叫“权威”比较恰当，暗示出一种高高在上的等级性。一个expert或specialist如果在一个领域有领头羊的作用，就是一个authority。如果达不到这种级别，虽然仍是一个expert或specialist，但一般不称为authority:
n. 1 [U] 对人下达指令的权力，即权威:
2 [U] authority (to do sth)表示做某事的权力:
n. [C] 有权做出决定的人或组织，或在一个国家或地区拥有某种职责（responsibility）的人或组织，即当权者，当局，官方，常用复数，如:
authority |[ɔ:'θɒrɪtɪ][ɔ:'θɒrɪtɪ]
He took the car without authority. 他未经许可就把车开走了。
the authority of the president 总统的批准 
We acted under the authority of the UN. 我们是经联合国授权行动的。
He spoke with authority on the topic. 他就这个课题发表了权威意见。
an authority on criminal law 刑法权威 
world authority 世界级权威 
He bore an air of authority. 他显出一副权威的样子。
absolute authority 绝对权威 
constitutional, governmental, judicial, political, presidential, regulatory authority 宪法的权力；政府权力；司法权力；政治权力；总统的权力；监管的权力 
divine authority 神权 
moral authority 道德权威 
parental authority 父母的权威 
adult authority figures such as parents and teachers 成年权威人物，例如父母和老师 
authority as tsar 沙皇的权力 
to demonstrate his authority 展示他的权力 
to challenge my authority 挑战我的权威 
someone in authority 当权者 
The agency may have exceeded its authority. 该机构也许越权行事了。
He refuses to relinquish authority over the design process. 他拒绝交出对设计过程的控制权。
Only the manager has the authority to sign cheques. 只有经理才有权签支票。
Parents have the authority to discipline their children. 父母有权管教孩子。
federal, local, municipal authorities 联邦当局；地方当局；市政当局 
civil, civilian, military authorities 民政部门；军事部门 
education, health authorities 教育部门；卫生部门 
German authority 德国当局

vt. 报道:
vt. 宣传；推广:
publicize |[ˈpʌblɪsaɪz]
They flew to Europe to publicize the plight of the refugees. 他们飞往欧洲报道难民的惨状。
a widely publicized speech (= that has received a lot of attention on television, in newspapers, etc.) 一篇受到广泛报道的讲话
The author appeared on television to publicize her latest book. 那位作家上电视宣传她的新书。
He was in London publicizing his new biography of Kennedy. 他在伦敦推销他新出版的肯尼迪传。
He never publicized his plans. 他从未宣传过他的计划。
her highly publicized affair with a leading politician 她与一位政界头面人物广为人知的风流韵事

adj. ~ of sth 反映…的；表现…的；代表性的:
adj.（事物的表面）反射光的:
adj.（事物的表面）反射热的:
adj. [正式] 沉思的；深思的:
reflective |[rɪˈflektɪv]
His abilities are not reflective of the team as a whole. 他的能力并不代表整个队的水平。
Everything you do or say is reflective of your personality. 你的一言一行都体现你的个性。
The German government's support of the US is not entirely reflective of German public opinion. 德国政府对美国的支持不完全是德国公众意见的反映。
The pupil's answers may not have been reflective of what the class as a whole had understood. 这个学生的回答也许并不能代表该班级整体的理解。
I fear my comments are merely reflection of a larger problem. 恐怕我的意见只是反映出一个更大的问题。
reflective car number plates 反光的汽车牌照 
On dark nights children should wear reflective clothing. 在漆黑的夜晚，儿童应该穿可以反光的衣服。
a garden of flowing streams, water basins, waterfalls, and a reflective pool 园里有流动的小溪、水池、瀑布和波光粼粼的游泳池 
Avoid pans with a shiny, reflective base as the heat will be reflected back. 不要使用锅底光亮、能反射热的平底锅，因为热量会被反射回去。
I walked on in a reflective mood to the car. 我心事重重地向车子走去。
Mike is a quiet, reflective man. 迈克是一个文静、喜欢沉思的人。

n. [C, U] 大量，众多:
n. 1 [C, U]（某事物的）数量，数额，数目。常为正式用法:
2 [U]（作为量度的）量，数量（尤指相对于质量而言的数量）:
quantity |['kwɒntɪtɪ]
a quantity of drugs 大量毒品 
to buy goods in quantity 大宗购物 
I was overwhelmed by the sheer quantity of information available. 已有的信息量大得令我不知所措。
to be produced in quantity 被大量生产
huge quantities of food 大量的食物 
a product that is produced in large quantities 可以大量生产的一种产品 
a small quantity of water 少量的水 
The data is limited in terms of both quality and quantity. 这份数据在质量和数量上都很有限。

If you feel or notice something acutely, you feel or notice it very strongly. 强烈地
acutely |英 [ə'kjuːtlɪ]  美 [ə'kjutli]| adv. 尖锐地；剧烈地/
He was acutely aware of the odour of cooking oil.他强烈地觉察到了烹调油的味道。


vt. ~ sb/yourself/sth (from sb/sth) 将人（如病人、生病的动物、囚犯等）进行隔离，是一种地理意义上的隔离:
vt. ~ sb/yourself/sth (from sb/sth) 将人、组织机构等与其他人、组织机构等隔离开来，也可称为“使…陷于孤立”，是一种社会意义上的隔离，即让两者缺乏社会联系:
vt. ~ sth (from sth) 分离出情况、问题、想法等以供单独考察或应对:
vt. ~ sth (from sth) [术语] 从…中分离出物质、细胞等以供研究:
isolate |[ˈaɪsəleɪt]
Patients will be isolated from other people for between three days and one month after treatment. 治疗结束后,病人将与其他人隔离3天到1个月的时间。
You don't have to isolate them from the community. 你没必要把他们与社区隔离。
He was immediately isolated from the other prisoners. 他被立刻与其他囚犯隔离开来。
When he was thinking out a problem Tweed's habit was never to isolate himself in his room. 思考问题的时候,特威德从来没有把自己关在房间里的习惯。
This decision will isolate the country from the rest of Europe. 这一决定会将该国与欧洲其他地方隔离开来。
This policy could isolate the country from the other permanent members of the United Nations Security Council. 这一政策可能会使该国孤立于联合国安全理事会其他常任理事国之外。
Political influence is being used to shape public opinion and isolate critics. 政治影响正被用来左右公众舆论,使批评家们陷于孤立。
His radicalism and refusal to compromise isolated him. 他的激进主义与拒绝妥协使他受到孤立。
It is possible to isolate a number of factors that contributed to her downfall. 可以找出造成她垮台的一些因素。
Our anxieties can also be controlled by isolating thoughts, feelings and memories. 我们也可以通过将一些想法、感情与记忆分开考虑以控制焦虑情绪。
attempts to isolate a single factor as the cause of the decline of Britain 试图分离出一种因素作为英国衰退的原因 
We can use genetic engineering techniques to isolate the gene that is responsible. 我们可以使用基因工程技术把相关基因分离出来。
to isolate virus 分离出病毒 
Researchers have isolated a new protein from the seeds of poppies. 研究人员已经从罂粟种子里分离出一种新的蛋白质。

adj.（人对某项活动的态度）坚决的:
adj.（人）做事充满精力和热情的；（活动）需要投入很多精力和热情的:
adj. 强壮且健康的:
adj.（身体活动）剧烈的、强度大的（通常做短时的重复性动作）:
vigorous |[ˈvɪgərəs]
a vigorous opponent of the government 坚决反对政府的人 
The group is not vigorous enough in its opposition to the proposals. 该团体对那些提案持异议，但态度不够强硬。
Sir Robert was a strong and vigorous politician. 罗伯特爵士是位坚定而又活跃的政治家。
a vigorous campaign against tax fraud 坚决打击骗税的运动 
Sir Robert was a strong and vigorous politician. 罗伯特爵士是位坚定而又活跃的政治家。
the most vigorous critics of the government 言辞最为激烈的政府批评家们 
They are leading a very vigorous campaign to get the chairman removed. 他们正在领导一次激烈运动，要把主席赶下台。
a vigorous young man 身强力壮的年轻人 
This plant is a vigorous grower. 这种植物生长起来茂盛茁壮。
Very vigorous exercise can increase the risk of heart attacks. 运动太过剧烈会增大心脏病发作的风险。
African dance is vigorous, but full of subtlety. 非洲舞蹈强劲奔放，但又处处透着细腻。
Take vigorous exercise for several hours a week. 每周做几个小时剧烈运动。
He isn't used to such vigorous exercise. 他不习惯这样的剧烈运动。

vt. 为需要帮助的人提供专业建议，即提供专业咨询:
vt. [正式] 建议某人去做某事:
n. [C, U] [正式] 忠告、建议，尤指年长者或专家给出的忠告或建议:
n. [C, U] [法律] 在法庭上代表某人的一个或一群律师:
counsel |[ˈkaʊnsl]
Therapists were brought in to counsel the bereaved. 请了治疗专家来劝慰死者的亲属。
a psychologist who counsels people with eating disorders 为饮食失调症患者提供建议的心理学家 
Crawford counsels her on all aspects of her career. 克劳福德为她的职业生涯提供全方位建议。
He counselled them to give up the plan. 他建议他们放弃此项计划。
My advisers counselled me to do nothing. 顾问们建议我什么也不要做。
Most experts counsel caution in such cases. 大多数专家建议在这样的情况下要谨慎从事。
The prime minister was right to counsel caution about military intervention. 首相提出进行军事干预要慎重，这是很正确的。
Listen to the counsel of your elders. 要听从长辈的忠告。
In the end, wiser counsels prevailed. 高明的建议最终占了上风。
He had always been able to count on her wise counsel. 他总能从她那里得到明智的建议。
His parishioners sought his counsel and loved him. 教区居民征询他的建议并且爱戴着他。
He is there to give you counsel on all matters. 他会在各方面给您建议。           
They were denied legal counsel or the right to call witnesses in their defence. 他们聘请律师或召证人作证的权利都遭到拒绝。
chief, lead（美）, senior counsel 首席律师；资深律师 
assistant（美）, deputy（美）, junior counsel 助理律师；代理律师；初级出庭律师 
leading counsel（英）皇家大律师 
The accused was represented by a leading counsel. 被告由一名皇家大律师代表。
independent, outside, special counsel（均美）独立法律顾问；外部法律顾问；特别律师 
An independent counsel was appointed to concuct an internal investigation. 一名独立法律顾问接受指派进行内部调查。
the counsel for the plaintiff 原告律师 
the counsel for the prosecution 控方律师 
prosecuting, prosecution counsel（均英）控方律师 
The witness was cross-examined by the prosecuting counsel. 证人接受控方律师的盘问。
defence/defense, defending（英）counsel 辩护律师 
the counsel for the defence/defense 辩护律师 
opposing counsel 对方律师 
King's, Queen's counsel（英国的）皇家大律师 
general counsel（尤美）总法律顾问 
She is a general counsel for the American Bankers Association. 她是美国银行家协会的总法律顾问。
legislative counsel（美）立法顾问 
He worked for the committee as a legislative counsel on issues of crime policy. 他是委员会刑事政策方面的立法顾问。
He instructed his counsel to file bankruptcy proceedings. 他通知自己的律师提起破产诉讼。
His counsel argued that he had not intended to harm the women. 他的律师辩称他并非蓄意伤害那些妇女。
The court then heard counsel for the dead woman's father. 法庭接着听取了女死者的父亲所请律师的陈述。
Singleton's counsel said after the trial that he would appeal. 审判结束后，辛格尔顿的律师表示他将会上诉。
The defence counsel warned that the judge should stop the trial. 被告辩护律师强烈建议法官应该休庭。

adj.（光）非常明亮的。不太常用:
adj.（颜色）非常明亮的:
adj. 1（记忆、描述等）在头脑里产生非常清晰的图片的，即生动的，逼真的，相当于graphic:
2（人的想象）能够在头脑中对观念、情况等轻易地形成图片的:
vivid |['vɪvɪd]
vivid blue eyes 碧蓝的眼睛
vivid memories 清晰的记忆 
a vivid account of his life 对他生活的生动描述 
a vivid imagination 生动逼真的想象 
to be vivid in sb’s mind 在某人脑海中栩栩如生 

n. [U] ~ (to/towards sb/sth)（个人或群体之间的）敌意或对抗性的感情或行为:
n. [U] ~ (to/towards sth) 对思想、计划或情形的强烈且愤怒的反对:
n. [pl.] [正式] hostilities指战争行为:
hostility |[hɒˈstɪləti;美hɑ:ˈs-]
There was open hostility between the two schools. 这两所学校公开相互敌对。
feelings of hostility towards people from other backgrounds 对其他不同背景的人的敌视情绪 
The last decade has witnessed a serious rise in the levels of racism and hostility to Black and ethnic groups. 过去十年里，对黑人及少数族裔的种族歧视和敌对行为变得日益猖獗。
Christabel looked at Ron with open hostility. 克丽丝特布尔带着公然的敌意看着罗恩。
Mixed-race couples faced open hostility. 从前异族通婚的夫妇会遭遇公开的敌视。
There was a barely veiled hostility in her tone. 她语气中带着几乎赤裸裸的敌意。
personal, mutual hostility 个人的敌对情绪；相互的敌视 
racial hostility 种族敌视 
the deep hostility felt by many teenagers against the police 很多青少年对警察怀有的根深蒂固的敌视情绪 
You could almost feel the hostility between her and her mother. 你几乎可以感觉得到她和她母亲之间的那种敌对。
the bitter hostility towards the occupying forces 对占领军的切齿痛恨
popular（英）, public hostility 公众的敌对情绪 
the widespread popular hostility towards the war 公众对这场战争普遍反对的情绪 
public hostility to nuclear power 公众对核动力的愤然反对 
There is hostility among traditionalists to this method of teaching history. 传统主义者反对这种讲授历史的方法。
The prime minister was concerned that such a move would arouse public hostility. 首相担心此举会激起民众的反对情绪。
The proposal was met with outright hostility. 该提议遭到公然反对。
the start/outbreak of hostilities between the two sides 双方之间战斗的爆发 
Hostilities broke out between the two provinces later that year. 那年晚些时候两省之间爆发战争。
the beginning of hostilities against Germany in 1914 对德战争于1914年开始 
Both sides finally agreed to suspend hostilities. 双方终于同意休战 
the official cessation of hostilities against Japan 官方停止对日作战 
On the 11th of November 1918 hostilities ceased. 战争于1918年11月11日结束。
Hostilities were resumed later that year.（尤英）那年晚些时候战火重燃。

You can refer to fighting between two countries or groups who are at war as hostilities. 战争状态
hostilities |英/美 [hɑs'tɪlətɪz]| n. 战争；[心理] 敌意（hostility的复数）/
The authorities have urged people to stock up on fuel in case hostilities break out.当局已敦促人们储备燃料以防战争爆发。


~ (with sb) (in sth/in doing sth) 与某人合作以生产…或达成某事（尤指著书或做研究）:
vi. ~ (with sb) [贬] 帮助已经占领了自己国家的敌人，即通敌、勾结敌人:
collaborate |[kəˈlæbəreɪt]
vi. ~ (with sb) (on sth) 
She agreed to collaborate with him in writing her biography. 她同意与他合作撰写她的传记。
We have collaborated closely with the university on this project. 我们与该大学在这个项目上密切合作。
Researchers around the world are collaborating to develop a new vaccine. 世界各地的研究人员正在合作培育一种新的疫苗。
He was accused of having collaborated with the secret police. 他被控与秘密警察勾结。

n. [U] 在书籍等事物中查找或查阅信息:
n. 1 [U]（做决策前向某人或某个群体所做的）咨询:
2 [C]（向专家请教的）咨询会面:
n. 1 [U]（做决策前向某人或某个群体所做的）商讨、磋商:
2 [C] 对某事的一次正式协商、商讨:
n. 1 [C]（向专家请教的）咨询会面；（尤指）就诊:
2 [C] 会诊（即若干医生共同讨论某个病人的病情和治疗方案）:
consultation |[ˌkɒnslˈteɪʃn;美ˌkɑ:n-]
There is a large collection of texts available for consultation on-screen. 有大量的文本可通过电脑查阅。
With such excellent studies available for consultation, it should be easy to avoid the pitfalls. 有如此优秀的研究可供参考，避开陷阱应该很容易。
consultation document, consultation paper 咨询文件 
consultation period 征求意见阶段 
consultation process 咨询过程 
The Government proposed a common retirement age of 63 in a consultation paper published yesterday. 政府在昨天公布的征求意见稿中提出，一般退休年龄为63岁。
There will be a period of public consultation before a decision is reached. 作出决定之前会有一段公开征求意见的时间。
They have taken this decision without any consultation. 他们未征询任何意见就作出了这一决定。
The company has promised wide consultation on its expansion plans. 该公司许诺就其扩张计划广泛征求意见。
A personal diet plan is devised after a consultation with a nutritionist. 咨询营养学家后，制订了个人饮食方案。
fees paid for consultation and advice in tax matters 就税务问题进行咨询、求得建议而支付的费用 
lega consultation 法律咨询 
consultation service 咨询服务 
consultation fee咨询费 
I had a consultation with a dermatologist. 我向一位皮肤科专家进行了咨询。
acting in consultation with all the departments involved 和所有有关部门磋商后行事 
The plans were drawn up in consultation with the World Health Organization. 这些方案是在与世界卫生组织磋商之后起草的。
The decision was taken after close consultation with local residents. 这项决定是在与当地居民仔细磋商后作出的。
extensive consultations between the two countries 两国之间的广泛磋商 
Next week he'll be in Florida for consultations with President Mitterrand. 下周，他将在佛罗里达与密特朗总统进行磋商。
a joint consultation with doctors and patients 医生和病人的共同协商 
a consultation between teachers and parents 教师和家长之间的讨论会 
We need more consultation with the unions. 我们需要和工会进行更多的协商。
The police chiefs will hold a consultation with all the relevant groups. 警察局长们将同所有相关群体举行协商会议。
The plan was developed in close consultation with the local community. 该计划是在同当地社区的密切磋商中逐渐形成的。
A personal diet plan is devised after a consultation with a nutritionist. 咨询营养学家后，制订了个人饮食方案。
You should seek expert consultation.（expert尤为美式用法）你应该找专家就诊。
medical, psychiatric, surgical consultation 就诊；精神科咨询；外科手术咨询 
The practice provides medical consultations for drug addicts. 这种做法为吸毒成瘾者提供医疗咨询。
I had a consultation with a dermatologist. 我向一位皮肤科专家进行了咨询。
Consultation with a rheumatologist should be sought.（美）应该向风湿科专家求诊。

vi.（从一种状态或条件）转变、过渡（到另一种状态或条件）:
~ (between A and B)（从一种状态或条件到另一种状态或条件的）转变、过渡:
transition |[trænˈzɪʃn;-ˈsɪʃn]
Most of the discussion was on what needed to be done now as we transitioned from the security issues to the challenging economic issues. 随着我们由安全议题转向具有挑战性的经济议题，讨论最多的就是目前需要做些什么。
There was a significant decline in the size of the business as the company transitioned to an intellectual property company. 随着公司向知识产权公司转型，其业务规模显著下降。
We need to ensure a smooth transition between the old system and the new one. 我们得确保新旧制度间的平稳过渡。
This course is useful for students who are in transition (= in the process of changing) from one training programme to another. 对转换培训项目的学生来说，这一课程是有帮助的。
orderly, peaceful transition 有序的过渡；和平的过渡 
democratic transition 民主过渡 
The negotiators hoped to bring about a smooth transition to an interim administration. 谈判人员希望促成向临时政府的平稳过渡。
The company was slow to make the transition from paper to computer. 公司由纸张办公过渡到电脑办公的转变很迟缓。
The ceremony marks the transition of the student to graduate status. 这个仪式标志着由学生到毕业生的身份转变。
Her transition from girl to woman was complete. 她已经从一个女孩变为一个女人。
transition period, transition process 过渡时期；过渡过程 
transition phase 过渡阶段 
transition committee, transition team 过渡委员会；过渡团队 
He will remain head of state during the transition to democracy. 在向民主政体过渡期间，他仍然是国家元首。
The country is in transition from an agricultural to an industrial society. 这个国家正从农业社会转变为工业社会。
This training course aims to smooth the transition between education and employment. 这个训练课程的目的就是实现从学校到就业之间的平稳过渡。
the transition from school to full-time work 从学校到全日工作的过渡阶段 
a state of transition 过渡状态

vi. ~ (into sth) 变得更糟，如恶化:
deteriorate |[dɪˈtɪəriəreɪt;美-ˈtɪr-]
Her health deteriorated rapidly, and she died shortly afterwards. 她的健康状况急剧恶化，不久便去世了。
The discussion quickly deteriorated into an angry argument. 这场讨论迅速演变成愤怒的争吵。
There are fears that the situation might deteriorate into full-scale war. 人们担心形势可能恶化而演变成一场全面战争。
The unrest rapidly deteriorated into civil war. 骚乱很快就演变为内战。
The weather conditions are deteriorating. 天气变得越来越糟。           

n. [pl.] pastures更好的地方（或工作、条件）；更好的前程。算是一种比喻用法:
n. [U, C] 牧草地、牧场:
vt. 放牧:
pasture |[ˈpɑ:stʃə(r);美ˈpæs-]
She decided it was time to move on to pastures new (= a new job, place to live, etc.).（英）她认定换个新工作的时候到了。
I felt we were off to greener pastures (= a better way of life). 我觉得我们在迈向更好的生活。
Michael decided he wanted to move on to pastures new for financial reasons. 出于经济原因，迈克尔决意去寻找更好的前程。
nurses seeking greener pastures overseas 到国外寻求更好前程的护士们
permanent, rough, rich pasture 永久的牧场；贫瘠的牧场；富饶的牧场 
high mountain pastures 高山牧场 
The cows are out now, grazing in the pasture. 牛现在已经放出去了，正在牧场上吃草。
The cattle were put out to pasture. 牛群放牧在牧场草地上。
I'm retiring next month. They're putting me out to pasture.（比喻用法）我下个月退休。他们要我养老去了。

a person who has seen something happen and can give a first-hand description of it:亲眼目睹某事发生并能给出第一手描述的人
eyewitness |ˈʌɪˌwɪtnɪs| Noun/:,证人

n. [C] 某人的个性的某个特点或特征；某事物的某个特点或特征:
trait |[treɪt]
family, genetic, hereditary, inherited trait 家族特征；遗传性特征 
behavioural, character, personal, personality trait 行为特征；性格特点；个性特征 
mental, psychological trait 心理特征 
obsessional trait 强迫性心理特征 
physical trait 身体特征 
female, male trait 女性特征；男性特征 
cultural, national trait 文化特征；民族性格特点 
She shares several character traits with her father. 她的性格和她爸爸有一些相似之处。
We do not know which behavioural traits are inherited and which acquired. 我们不知道哪些行为特征是遗传的，哪些是后天获得的。
a collection of traits associated with schizophrenia 与精神分裂症有关的众多特征 
The study found that some alcoholics had clear personality traits showing up early in childhood. 研究发现一些酗酒者在童年早期就显现出鲜明的人格特征。
Creativity is a human trait. 创造力是人类的一种特性。
Her boss did not display any human traits. 她的老板没有一点儿人性。

vt. 对将要发生的事怀有一种高兴或兴奋的心情，如期盼、期待:
vt. [正式] 先于某人去做某事，早于某人行动:
vt. 预料、预期:
vt. 预见（将来会发生的事并采取行动为此事做好准备），如未待提出就回答（问题）；预先考虑并满足（请求、需要等）:
anticipate |[ænˈtɪsɪpeɪt]
We eagerly anticipated the day we would leave school. 我们迫切地期盼着毕业离校的那一天。
one of the most eagerly anticipated arts events of the year 一年中最受期盼的艺术盛事之一 
The eagerly anticipated movie will be released next month. 那出观众翘首企盼的电影将于下月上映。          
When Scott reached the South Pole he found that Amundsen had anticipated him. 斯科特到达南极时发现阿蒙森已先到过那里。
We don't anticipate any major problems. 我们预料不会发生什么大问题。
I don't anticipate it being a problem. 我认为它不会成为一个问题。
It is widely anticipated that she will resign. 大家都预料她会辞职。
They anticipate moving to bigger premises by the end of the year. 他们预期年底前迁入较大的经营场址。
At the time we couldn't have anticipated the result of our campaigning. 那时我们不可能预料到我们这项运动的结果。
We anticipate that sales will rise next year. 我们预料明年销售量将会增加。
It is anticipated that inflation will stabilize at 3%. 据预测，通货膨胀将稳定在3%。
It is anticipated that the equivalent of 192 full-time jobs will be lost. 预计将失去相当于192份全职工作的岗位。
Our anticipated arrival time is 8.30. 我们预计抵达的时间是8:30。
What Jeff did was to anticipate my next question. 杰夫预先回答了我的下一个问题。
Do you expect your partner to anticipate your needs? 你是否期望你的伴侣不等你提出就主动满足你的需要？
We need someone who can anticipate and respond to changes in the fashion industry. 我们需要一个能预见时装业变化并做相应安排的人。

adj. [正式]（存在）众多的、大量的:
numerous |[ˈnju:mərəs;美ˈnu:-]
He has been late on numerous occasions. 他已经迟到过无数次了。
The advantages of this system are too numerous to mention. 这套系统的好处不胜枚举。
The related publications are far too numerous to list individually. 相关出版物太多，没法一一列举。
Sex crimes were just as numerous as they are today. 当时性犯罪和现在一样多。
Despite numerous attempts to diet, her weight soared. 尽管多次尝试节食，她的体重仍然飙升了。
The errors are numerous enough to put off serious scholars. 错误之多足以使严谨的学者不忍卒读。

n. 1 [U] 将两个或两个以上的事物结合或混合以形成一个整体的行为，即结合；联合:
2 [C] 结合体；联合体:
混合体:
3 [C]（用于开密码锁的）数字组合或字母组合:
n. 1 [U] 混合:
2 [C] 混合体:
n. [pl.] [英] combinations可指旧时的连裤内衣:
combination |[ˌkɒmbɪˈneɪʃn;美ˌkɑ:m-]
the combination of science and art 科学与艺术的结合 
The firm is working on a new product in combination with several overseas partners. 这家公司与几家海外合伙人在联合开发新产品。
His treatment was a combination of surgery, radiation and drugs. 对他的治疗是把手术、放射和药物治疗结合为一体。
Technology and good management. That's a winning combination (= one that will certainly be successful). 技术加良好的管理，这是取胜的组合。
The band played with a winning combination of gusto and precision乐队在演泰激情与精确性之间达到了水乳交融的境界。
High debt and low earnings are a lethal combination. 高债务和低收入是致命的组合。
an unusual colour/color combination 不同寻常的色彩组合 
I can't remember the combination. 我不记得密码锁的数码组合了。
These paints can be used individually or in combination. 这些涂料可单独或混合使用。
Hepatitis D exists only in combination with the hepatitis B virus. 丁型肝炎只与乙型肝炎病毒同时存在。
a fantastic combination of colours 多种颜色的绝妙混合 
a delicious combination of herbs and spices 草药与香料的美味混合 
What an unusual combination of flavours! 多么与众不同的混合风味啊！

to a small degree, not considerably:在很小程度上，不是很大
(with reference to a person's build) in a slender way:（参考人的身材）以细长的方式
slightly |ˈslʌɪtli| Adverb/:轻微地,略,稍微
he lowered his voice slightly:他稍微压低了声音
a slightly built girl:一个身材矮小的女孩

n. [C] 公司分给股东的一笔钱，如红利、股息、股利:
dividend |[ˈdɪvɪdend]
share（尤英）, stock（尤美）dividend 股息 
Investors will still pay tax on their foreign share dividends. 投资者仍要支付国外股息税。
cash dividend 现金红利 
The first quarter dividend has been increased by nearly 4 per cent. 第一季度的股息增长了近 4%。
The company has not yet declared its dividends for this year. 公司还没有宣布派发今年的红利。
The interim dividend is maintained at 2.5 cents per share. 中期股利保持在每股2.5分。
The dividend is up 10.6%. 红利提高了10.6%。
The dividend should rise to 5 cents. 红利应提高到每股5分。
The dividend stays at 0.5p. 股息保持在每股0.5便士。
The final dividend, payable on July 1, is reduced to 1p. 将于7月1日派发的末期红利降至每股1便士。
dividend payment, dividend payout 股利支付；股利派发 
dividend payments of 50 cents a share 每股50分的股息支付 
The fund has a dividend yield of 5.75%. 该基金有5.75%的红利收益。
dividend rate 股息率 
dividend tax 股息税（或称红利税）
dividend cheque/check 股利支票 
dividend stocks（美）股息股（或称红利股）
dividend policy 分红保险单 
They have announced the quarterly dividend on the shares. 他们公布了股票的季度股利。

Something that is minimal is very small in quantity, value, or degree. 尽可能少的; 最低限度的
minimal |英 ['mɪnɪm(ə)l]  美 ['mɪnɪməl]| adj. 最低的；最小限度的/
The cooperation between the two is minimal.两者之间的合作是最低程度的。


If a train is derailed or if it derails, it comes off the track on which it is running. 脱轨
To derail something such as a plan or a series of negotiations means to prevent it from continuing as planned. 打乱 (原定计划)
derail |英 [dɪ'reɪl]  美 [dɪ'rel]| vt. 使出轨/vi. 出轨/n. 脱轨；[铁路] 脱轨器/
At least six people were killed and about twenty injured when a train was derailed in an isolated mountain region.火车在一片偏僻的山区脱轨，导致至少六人死亡，约二十人受伤。
The present wave of political killings is the work of people trying to derail peace talks.现在的政治谋杀浪潮是那些试图破坏和平谈判进程的人所为。


barrier (against sth) 存在于两个事物或人之间，将彼此分隔开的东西，即屏障、分界线、隔阂:
n. 1 [C] barrier (to sth) 阻止人做某事（或使某事不可能发生或完成）的一个问题、规则或情况，即障碍、阻力、关卡、壁垒。是一个基础和常规用词:
2 [sing.] 难以逾越的数量或水平等，即关口、大关:
n. [C] 像栅栏一样，阻止人从一地运动到另一地的一个东西，即关卡、屏障、障碍物:
barrier |['bærɪə]
a natural barrier between the city and the desert 这座城市和沙漠之间的一道天然屏障 
The mountains form a natural barrier between the two countries. 这条山脉是分隔两国的天然屏障。
the barrier against air pollution 防止空气污染的一道屏障 
the barrier between ideal and reality 理想和现实之间的界线
class, cultural, language, racial, age, trade barrier 阶级隔阂；文化壁垒；语言障碍；种族隔阂；年龄障碍；贸易壁垒 
invisible barrier 无形的障碍 
artificial barrier 人为的障碍 
They believe that music can cross any barriers. 他们相信音乐可以跨越任何障碍。
a barrier to communication 沟通障碍 
to remove the psychological barrier 消除心理障碍 
The unemployment will soon break the barrier of three million. 失业人数不久将突破300万大关。
crash, safety（尤英）, security（英）barrier（公路的）防撞护栏；安全护栏 
There was a slow trickle of people through the barriers. 稀疏的人流缓慢地穿过关卡。
Please show your ticket at the barrier.（英）请在检票口出示您的票。

n. [U] 巧妙解决问题的能力；巧妙发明…的创造力:
ingenuity |[ˌɪndʒəˈnju:əti;美-ˈnu:-]
Inspecting the nest may require some ingenuity. 探查鸟巢是需要些技巧的。
technical ingenuity 技术独创性 
human ingenuity 人类的聪明才智 
American ingenuity 美国人的独创力 
Getting out of this mess was going to require a fair degree of ingenuity. 要摆脱这一混乱局面需要具备相当程度的职明才智。
someone who has the ingenuity to solve problems 善于解决问题的人 
There is always a solution, so long as you are prepared to use your ingenuity. 只要你愿意开动脑筋，总会有解决办法的。The children showed a lot of ingenuity. 孩子们表现出极高的才智。
Considerable ingenuity is required to minimize costs. 实现成本最小化需要有相当的聪明才智。
It didn't take much ingenuity to transform the door into a table. 把门板改造成桌子没有动多少脑筋。
They adapted the available materials with great ingenuity. 他们以非凡的才智改造了现有的材料。
We have to admire his ingenuity in redesigning the machinery. 我们不得不钦佩他在重新设计机器方面的创造能力。
