bride						新娘
unfold					展开，披露
interference				干涉，干扰
assault					袭击，冲击
shareholder				股东
breakthrough				突破，突围
footnote					脚注，补充说明
applicable					适当的，可应用的
controversial				有争议的
inherit					继承，接手
facilitate					促进，加快
manifest					明显的，清楚显示，证明
manifest itself				显现
fiscal					财政的
gown						女礼服，长袍
rate						速度，比率，价格，工资，评估
mortality					死亡
decline					下降，恶化，婉拒
mournful					悲伤的
paradox					悖论，矛盾的人或事物
simultaneously				同时的
strategy					战略，策略
literacy					读写能力，专业知识
apathy					冷淡
boom						隆隆声，繁荣，暴涨
oblige					强迫，帮助
incompatibility				不和睦，矛盾，不相容
commerce					贸易，交易
attribute					把某事物归因于...，属性
cafeteria					自助餐厅
cripple					跛子，有缺陷的人，严重破坏
\\\\\\\\

n. [C] 新娘；即将（或刚刚）结婚的女子:
bride |[braɪd]
Everyone raised their glasses to toast the bride and groom. 所有人举杯为新娘和新郎祝酒。

vt.&vi.（使）（一种情况）逐渐为别人所知或逐渐为人所理解，可称为逐渐显露:
vt.&vi.（故事、场面）展开:
vt. 讲述（故事）:
vt.&vi.（使）（先前折叠的事物）展开、展平:
unfold |[ʌnˈfəʊld;美ʌnˈfoʊld]
The outcome depends on conditions as well as how events unfold. 结果取决于条件，还取决于事件的进展。
The facts started to unfold before them. 真相开始在他们面前显露出来。
Don's story unfolded as the cruise got under way. 随着航行的开始，唐的故事也随之展开。
The audience watched as the story unfolded before their eyes. 观众注视着剧情逐渐地展开。
plot unfold 情节展开 
scenario unfold 剧情梗概展开 
a collection of people watching the drama unfold outside the nightclub 在夜店外面目睹了那戏剧性场面的一群人 
We sat in horror watching the scenes of violence unfold before us. 我们惊恐地呆坐着，目睹暴力场景一幕幕在眼前呈现。
TV viewers watched in horror as events unfolded. 事件渐渐展开，电视观众看得心惊肉跳。
He unfolds his story with evident enjoyment. 他喜形于色地讲述自己的经历。
to unfold a map 展开地图 
to unfold a napkin 展开餐巾 
He quickly unfolded the blankets and spread them on the mattress. 他迅速展开毯子，铺在床垫上。
She unfolded her arms. 她张开双臂。
When the bird lifts off into flight, its wings unfold to an impressive six-foot span. 这种鸟起飞时，翼展可达6英尺，很惊人。           

n. [U] ~ (in sth) 干涉、干预、介入:
n. [U]（无线电信号受到的）干扰:
interference |[ˌɪntəˈfɪərəns;美-tərˈfɪr-]
government, state interference 政府干预；国家干预 
political interference in the legal process 对法律程序的政治干预 
external, outside interference 外部干涉；外来干涉 
They resent foreign interference in the internal affairs of their country. 他们憎恶对他们国家内政的外来干涉。
The law is designed to prevent interference by local police. 这部法律旨在防止当地警方的干涉。
I told her I wanted to make decisions without interference from her. 我告诉她我想不受她干扰地独立做出决定。
interference with proper medical procedures 对正常医疗程序的干扰 
Airlines will be able to set cheap fares without interference from the government. 航空公司将能脱离政府干预设定便宜的机票价格。
electrical interference 电子干扰 
They have been accused of deliberately causing interference to transmissions. 他们被指故意干扰信号传输。

vt. [正式] 使感官感到难受:
n. [C] ~ (on/upon sth) 对困难或危险的事情的努力达成，即（向困难或危险事物发起的）冲击:
n. [C] ~ (on/upon/against sb/sth) 对某人或某事的猛烈抨击、批评:
adj.（武器）用于战争的、军用的:
n. [C] ~ (on/upon/against sb/sth)（军队等）攻击、袭击一个建筑物、地区等（以获取其控制权）:
n. [U, C] ~ (on/upon sb) 侵犯他人身体的罪行:
vt. 猛烈攻击或袭击某人（尤指构成犯罪）:
assault |[əˈsɔ:lt]
Loud rock music assaulted our ears. 喧闹的摇滚乐直往我们耳朵里钻。
The government has mounted a new assault on unemployment (= in order to reduce it). 政府向失业发起新的攻势。
Three people died during an assault on the mountain (= while trying to climb it). 登山过程中有三人死亡。
The paper's assault on the president was totally unjustified. 这份报纸对总统的攻击纯属无稽之谈。
He leveled a verbal assault against his Democratic opponents. 他猛烈抨击其民主党对手。
The suggested closures came under assault from all parties. 关闭机构的建议受到各方严厉批评。
She used the article to make a sustained assault on her former political allies. 她利用这篇文章继续抨击以前的政治同盟。
He launched into a verbal assault on tabloid journalism. 他对小报新闻进行了口头抨击。
Today these values are under assault. 今天这些价值观受到抨击。
a two-year legal assault on alleged tax fraud 对涉嫌税收诈骗的行为长达两年的法律抨击
a high-powered assault rifle 大火力军用步枪 
assault weapons 军用武器
military assault 军事进攻 
Enemy troops launched an assault on the town. 敌军对该镇发起了进攻。
The factory came under assault from soldiers in the mountains. 工厂遭到山地士兵的袭击。
The garrison was built to withstand assaults. 建起要塞是为抵御攻击。
An assault on the capital was launched in the early hours of the morning. 凌晨时分向首都发起了攻击。
The rebels are poised for a new assault on the government garrisons. 叛军准备好要对政府驻军发起新一轮的猛攻。
Most US soldiers welcomed the ground assault when the order was finally given. 当命令最终下达的时候，大多数美军士兵都愿意发动地面进攻。
After an all-out assault the village was captured by the enemy. 敌人发起全面进攻后，占领了整个村庄。
aerial, air, airborne, amphibious, ground assault 空中打击；空袭；空降突击；两栖进攻；地面进攻 
air assaults by fighter planes 战斗机进行的空袭 
assault course（英）突击训练课程 
They took part in a vigorous army assault course. 他们参加了一个高强度的陆军突击训练课程。
assault operation 突击行动 
assault gun, assault rifle, assault weapon 突击炮；突击步枪；突击用的武器 
assault force, assault team, assault troops 突击部队；突击队 
assault helicopter, assault ship, assault vehicle 突击直升机；突击舰；突击车辆 
a series of assaults on enemy targets 对敌军目标的一连串袭击
Both men were charged with assault. 两人均被控侵犯他人身体罪。
A significant number of indecent assaults on women go unreported. 很大数量的猥亵妇女罪没有举报。
sexual assaults 性攻击（指强奸、猥亵）
The attack is one of a series of savage sexual assaults on women in the university area. 这次袭击是在大学校园内发生的一系列针对女性的野蛮性侵犯事件中的一起。
At the police station, I was charged with assault. 在警察局，我被指控殴打他人。
physical, racial（尤英）assault 身体伤害；种族攻击 
domestic assault 家庭侵害 
assaults committed by teenagers 十几岁的少年犯下的殴打他人罪 
He reported the assault to the police. 他向警方举报了被人殴打一事。
Better street lighting has helped reduce the number of assaults against women. 街灯照明的改善减少了女性遭袭击的数量。
allegations of police assault on the boy 对警方袭击这个男孩的指控 
assault and battery（法律用语） 企图伤害罪和殴打罪 
He has been charged with assaulting a police officer. 他被控袭击警察。
Four women have been sexually assaulted in the area recently. 近来这个地区有四名妇女遭到强奸猥亵。
She may have been sexually assaulted by her killer. 她可能遭到过凶手的性侵犯。
The gang assaulted him with iron bars. 这伙人用铁棍殴打他。
indecently（英）, physically, verbally assault 下流地猥亵；人身攻击；用言语攻击

A shareholder is a person who owns shares in a company. 股东
shareholder |英 ['ʃeəhəʊldə]  美 ['ʃɛrholdɚ]| n. 股东；股票持有人/
...a shareholders' meeting.…一次股东会议。


n. [C]（可能会产生一项协议或成就的）重大进展或突破:
breakthrough |['breɪkθru:]
a significant breakthrough in negotiations 谈判中的重大突破 
a major breakthrough in cancer research 癌症研究中的重要突破 
scientific breakthrough 科学上的突破

If you describe an event as a footnote, you mean that it is fairly unimportant although it will probably be remembered. 次要的事物
If you refer to what you are saying as a footnote, you mean that you are adding some information that is related to what has just been mentioned. 补充说明
footnote |英 ['fʊtnəʊt]  美 ['fʊt'not]| n. 脚注；补充说明/vt. 给…作脚注；在脚注里评议/
I'm afraid that his name will now become a footnote in history.我认为，他的名字在历史中恐怕将变得不再重要。
As a footnote, I should add that there was one point on which his bravado was more than justified.作为补充说明，我应该再加一点，他表现得过于逞强。


adj. [名词前不常用] ~ (to sb/sth) 适用于…的:
applicable |[əˈplɪkəbl;ˈæplɪkəbl]
Much of the form was not applicable (= did not apply) to me. 表格中很多部分不适用于我。
What is a reasonable standard for one family is not applicable for another. 对一个家庭合理的标准并不适用于另一个家庭。
Appraisal has traditionally been seen as most applicable to those in management and supervisory positions. 传统上认为业绩评定最适用于那些身处管理和监督职位之人。
Give details of children where applicable (= if you have any). 如有子女请提供详情。
new developments that could prove directly applicable to the treatment of some cancers 可证明能直接应用于某些癌症治疗的新成果 
The rules have now been made equally applicable to all members. 这些规则现在对所有成员都同样适用。
The theory does not seem easily applicable in this case. 该理论似乎不能简单地应用于这一个案。
His message is very applicable to high-school students.（very尤为美式用法）他的信息对高中生很适用。
The offer is only applicable for flights during the week. 这个报价只适用于本周内的航班。
The law is applicable to everyone. 该法律适用于所有人。

adj. 引起很多气愤的公共讨论和反对意见的，即引起争议的，有争议的:
controversial |[͵kɒntrə'və:ʃl]
a highly controversial topic 颇有争议的话题 
a controversial figure 有争议的人物 
a politically controversial plan to build a new road 政治上有争议的筑路计划

vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (from sb) 继承（逝者的金钱、财产等）:
vt. ~ (sth) (from sb) 接替某人的职责，如继任:
vt. ~ (sth) (from sb) 经遗传获得（品质、身体特征等）:
inherit |[ɪnˈherɪt]
She inherited a fortune from her father. 她从她父亲那里继承了一大笔财富。
He has no son to inherit his land. 他没有儿子来继承田产。
paintings that he inherited from his father 他从父亲那里继承来的油画 
He stood to inherit (= was likely to inherit)property worth over five million.当时他很有可能继承价值 500 多万的财产。
She inherited some money from her mother. 她从母亲那里继承了一笔钱。
policies inherited from the previous administration 因袭上届政府的政策 
The government inherited an impossible situation from its predecessors. 这届政府从前任那里接过了一个非常棘手的烂摊子。
Our legal system inherited laws from the English system. 我们的司法体系沿袭了英国的法律体系。
He has inherited his mother's patience. 这种耐心是母亲遗传给他的。
an inherited disease 遗传病 
How many of these traits are genetically inherited? 这些特征中有多少是遗传的?
We inherit from our parents many of our physical characteristics. 我们的许多身体特征都是从父母那里遗传而来的。
Her children have inherited her love of sport. 她的孩子们继承了她对运动的热爱。

vt. [正式] 使一个活动或过程（尤指你想发生的事）有可能发生，或使其变得更容易。即促进、促使；使便利:
facilitate |[fəˈsɪlɪteɪt]
The new trade agreement should facilitate more rapid economic growth. 新贸易协定应当会加快经济发展。
The new airport will facilitate the development of tourism. 新机场将促进旅游业的发展。
He argued that the economic recovery had been facilitated by his tough stance. 他认为他的强硬立场推动了经济的复苏。
Structured teaching facilitates learning. 有条理的教导有利于学习。
The use of computers has greatly facilitated the company's ability to keep accurate records. 计算机的运用大大提高了该公司进行精确记录的能力。

~ (in sth) [正式] 容易看到或理解的，即明显的，显而易见的:
vt. [正式] ~ itself (in sth) 显现，变得明显:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (in sth) 清楚地显示（尤指一种感情、态度或品质）:
vt. [正式] ~ itself (in sth) 显现，使人注意到:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (in sth) 清楚地表明或显示，尤指表明感情、态度或品质:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (in sth) 清楚地显示一种感情:
n. [C] [术语]（船或飞机的）货单或乘客名单:
manifest |[ˈmænɪfest]
His nervousness was manifest to all those present. 所有在场的人都看出了他很紧张。
The anger he felt is manifest in his paintings. 他的愤怒明显地表现在他的绘画之中。
the manifest failure of the policies 政策明显的失败之处 
manifest injustice 明显的不公正          
The symptoms of the disease manifested themselves ten days later. 十天后，这种病的症状显现出来。
The virus needs two weeks to manifest itself. 这种病毒潜伏两周时间才会发作。       
Social tensions were manifested in the recent political crisis. 最近的政治危机显示了社会关系的紧张。
He manifested a pleasing personality on stage. 在台上他表现出惹人喜爱的个性。
The symptoms of the disease manifested themselves ten days later. 十天后，这种病的症状显现出来。
The virus needs two weeks to manifest itself. 这种病毒潜伏两周时间才会发作。
He manifested a pleasing personality on stage. 在台上他表现出惹人喜爱的个性。
Social tensions were manifested in the recent political crisis. 最近的政治危机显示了社会关系的紧张。
He manifested a pleasing personality on stage. 在台上他表现出惹人喜爱的个性。

adj. 与政府财政（尤指税收）有关的，即财政的:
fiscal |[ˈfɪskl]
fiscal deficit 财政赤字 
fiscal regime 财政制度 
fiscal year 财政年度（简称财年）
fiscal reforms 财政改革 
fiscal crisis 财政危机 
in 1987, when the government tightened fiscal policy 在1987 年，当时政府紧缩财政政策

n. 1 [C]（尤指特别场合穿的）女式长裙；女式长礼服:
2 [C]（法官、英国律师、大学学生、学者等在特别仪式上穿的）长袍、长外衣:
n. [C]（尤指在医院穿的）起防护作用的罩衣、外罩:
gown |[gaʊn]
floor-length gown 拖地长裙 
elegant gown 典雅的长批 
She was dressed in a long flowing gown. 她穿了一件飘逸的长裙。
strapless gown 无肩带的长裙 
ball, bridal, evening, wedding gown 舞会礼服；新娘礼服；女式晚礼服；婚纱 
She wore a white satin gown trimmed with lace. 她穿着一条饰有蕾丝花边的白色锻子长裙。
academic gown 学位袍 
a graduation gown 毕业礼服 
an old headmaster in a flowing black gown 身着宽松黑礼袍的老校长 
town and gown (= the residents of a university town and the members of its university)（尤英）大学城的居民和大学师生
a surgeon's gown 外科医生穿的罩衣 
hospital, surgical gown 医院人员罩衣；外科手术服

vt. 足够好（或重要等）而配得上某种方式的对待:
vt. [非正式] 认为…是好的，即看好…:
n. [C] 某事发生的频率:
vt. 常用被动式，将人或事物置于（同类事物的）某个等级中，相当于rank:
n. [C] 某事发生的速度、进度或频率。除了可表示一个连续事件在单位时间内的发生或完成总量（此时相当于speed，既可指某人或事物运动或穿行的速度，也可指某事发生或被执行的速度，但远没有speed常用）外，更强调在单位时间内所发生的某种独立事件的次数 ，如一分钟内脉搏的次数、一年内发生离婚案的次数等:
vt. 常用被动式，对电影或视频录像进行分级（使其适合于特定的观众）:
n. [C] 比率；率:
rate as sth 对…的品质、价值等进行评价（评价该品质、价值等处于何种水平），常与高低、成败、好坏等表示某种等级的词共同出现:
n. [C] 价格，专指根据某一标准所规定的价格（而并非胡乱要价）。如果特别强调这笔钱的性质或用途，还可翻译为“费用”、“报酬”等:
n. 1 [C] 卖方根据某一标准所规定的“费用”。其词义为charge所涵盖，但rate更能体现具体收费额度的标准性和合理性，且常是服务性收费:
2 [pl.] rates 在英国可指由地方政府向各企业征收的土地及房地产的使用税，在过去也可指地方政府向任何住宅拥有者所征收的税:
vt. 常用被动式，将人或事物置于（同种类事物的）某个等级中，相当于rank:
rate |[reit][reɪt]
The incident didn’t even rate a mention in the press. 这件事在报纸上连提都不值得一提。
This is so extraordinary, it rates a medal. 这太了不起了，应该颁发一枚奖章。
What did you think of the movie? I didn’t rate it myself. 你觉得这部电影怎么样？我本人认为不怎么样。
New diet books appear at a rate of nearly one a week. 饮食方面的新书以几乎每周一本的频率出版。
The schools were rated according to their exam results. 这些学校是按考试成绩排名的。
Most people walk at an average rate of 5 kilometres an hour. 大多数人步行的平均速度为每小时5公里。
The water was escaping at a rate of 200 gallons a minute. 水以每分钟200加仑的速度溢出。
The costs of the project are rising at an alarming rate. 这项工程的成本以惊人的速度增长着。
Local businesses are closing at a rate of three a year. 地方企业正在以每年三家的速度关闭。
At the rate you work, you’ll never finish! 以你工作的速度，你永远也做不完！
success rate 成功率 
divorce rate 离婚率 
death rate 死亡率 
recovery rate 治愈率 
unemployment rate 失业率
vt.＆vi. rate sb/sth (as) sth 
The university is highly rated for its research. 这所大学因其研究工作而受到高度评价。
They rated him highly as a colleague. 作为同事，他们对他评价甚高。
Voters continue to rate education high on their list of priorities. 选民继续把教育看作是头等重要的大事。
The match rated as one of their worst defeats. 这次比赛可以说是他们最为惨重的一次失败。
I’m afraid our complaints do not rate very high with this company. 这家公司恐怕不会重视我们的投诉。
usual rate 通常价格 
going rate 现行价格 
group rate 团体价格 
discounted, reduced rate 打折价；优惠价 
to offer special reduced rates for students 对学生有特惠价格
advertising, insurance, postal rates 广告费；保险费；邮费 
a high hourly rate of pay 按小时支付的高报酬 
the basic rate of tax 基本税额 
exchange, interest rates 汇率；利率 
fixed, flat rate 固定的费用 
annual rate 年费 
group rate 团体价格 
discounted, reduced rate 打折价；优惠价 
special weekend rate 周末特价 
The schools were rated according to their exam results. 这些学校是按考试成绩排名的。
a top-rated programme 一级项目 
She is currently rated number two in the world. 她目前排名世界第二。
He is generally rated the country’s No. 3 industrialist. 他被大家普遍看成该国的第3大实业家。
a golf course that is rated among the top ten in America 美国十大顶尖高尔夫球场之一 
The difficulty of each exercise is rated on a scale of 1 to 5. 每个练习的难度按1到5分的计分等级进行评定。

n. 1 [U] 在某种情况中（或在一段时间）的死亡数量、死亡率:
2 [C] [术语] 死亡:
n. [U] 生命的有限:
mortality |[mɔ:ˈtæləti;美mɔ:rˈt-]
The nation's infant mortality rate has reached a record low. 该国的婴儿死亡率已降至历史最低水平。
Mortality from lung cancer is still increasing. 死于肺癌的人数仍在上升。
the relationships between mortality and unemployment 死亡人数和失业人数之间的关系 
Poor hygiene led to high mortality among children. 卫生条件很差，导致儿童死亡率很高。
a condition that often results in premature mortality 经常导致患者过早死亡的疾病 
The disease has caused widespread mortality. 这种疾病已经造成了大面积死亡。
mortality level, mortality rate 死亡率 
mortality data, mortality statistics 死亡率数据；死亡率统计数据 
mortality study 死亡率研究 
Mortality among immigrant groups was higher than average. 移民群体的死亡率高于平均水平。a lower annual mortality from cancer 较低的癌症病人年死亡人数 
hospital mortalities (= deaths in hospital) 医院里的死亡数字 
mortality risk 死亡风险
After her mother's death, she became acutely aware of her own mortality. 她母亲去世后，她开始强烈意识到自己的生命是有限的。

vi. 变得更小、更少等:
decline (of sth)（某事物的数量、价值、质量等的）持续降低、减少、下降:
n. 衰落:
vi. 衰退:
vt.＆vi. [正式] 礼貌地拒绝接受；礼貌地拒绝去做某事。常翻译为“谢绝”:
vt.＆vi. 一个名词、形容词或代词根据其在句中的作用（如是否作一个动词的主语或宾语、是否是单数或复数等）而变化形式；使发生上述词形变化:
decline |[dɪ'klaɪn]
Profits declined by 6% this year. 今年利润减少了6%。
The number of full-time staff has declined from 300 to just 50. 全职员工的数量从300人下降到区区50人。
to decline in size 规模下降
a small decline in the company’s profits 公司利润的略有减少 
the decline of public transport 公共交通的减少 
mental, physical decline 智力下降；体力下降 
population, price decline 人口减少；价格降低 
a steep decline in sales 销售额的陡降 
a sharp decline in educational standards 教育水平的急剧下滑
a steady decline in manufacturing 制造业的持续衰退 
economic, urban decline 经济衰退；城市衰落 
the moral decline of the nation 这个民族的道德沦丧 
national decline 民族衰落 
the decline of business 生意下滑 
the decline and fall of a great civilization 一个伟大文明的衰落
Support for the party continues to decline. 对该党的支持继续下降。
Her health was declining rapidly. 她的健康状况迅速恶化。
The economy has declined sharply in recent years. 近几年经济急剧下滑。
The market for these products is declining fast. 这些产品的市场正在迅速萎缩。
to decline an offer, to decline an invitation 谢绝对方的主动帮助；谢绝对方的邀请 
I offered to give them a lift but they declined. 我主动邀请他们搭车，但他们婉言谢绝了。
Their spokesman declined to comment on the allegations. 他们的发言人拒绝对这些指控加以评论。

A mournful sound seems very sad. (声音) 悲切的
mournfully 悲伤地
If you are mournful, you are very sad. 悲伤的
mournful |英 ['mɔːnfʊl; -f(ə)l]  美 ['mɔrnfl]| adj. 悲哀的；令人惋惜的/
...the mournful wail of bagpipes.…风笛的悲鸣声。
He stood mournfully at the gate waving bye bye.他悲伤地站在门口，挥手说再见。
He looked mournful, even near to tears.他看上去很悲伤，几乎要掉泪了。


n. 1 [C] 矛盾的人、事物或情况（因此看起来比较奇怪）:
2 [C, U] 似是而非（或自相矛盾）的言语；似是而非（或自相矛盾）的言语的使用:
paradox |[ˈpærədɒks;美-dɑ:ks]
He was a paradox--a loner who loved to chat to strangers. 他真是个矛盾人物，生性孤僻却又喜欢和陌生人闲聊。
It is a curious paradox that professional comedians often have unhappy personal lives. 这真是个奇怪的矛盾现象——职业喜剧演员的私人生活往往并不快乐。
The paradox is that the region's most dynamic economies have the most primitive financial systems. 矛盾之处在于这个地区最有活力的经济体却有着最落后的金融体系。
The paradox of exercise is that while using a lot of energy it seems to generate more. 锻炼奇怪的地方在于它会越活动越有劲。
The facts pose something of a paradox. 这些事实有自相矛盾之处。
The paradox about time is that it seems to go faster as we become older and less active。时间的矛盾之处在于，我们年纪渐长不如以前活跃的时候，它似乎走得更快了。
the paradox between the real and the ideal 现实与理想之间的矛盾 
the paradox in the relationship between creativity and psychosis 创造力和精神病二者关系中的矛盾 
The author tackles one of the deepest paradoxes of life. 作者就人生中的一个最大矛盾进行了探讨。
By a curious paradox, the team became less motivated the more games it won.这个队赢的场次越多越没有动力，真是一个奇怪的矛盾。
‘More haste, less speed ’ is a well-known paradox. “欲速则不达”是人们熟知的似非而是的隽语。
It's a work full of paradox and ambiguity. 这部作品充满了似非而是及模棱两可之处。
The story contains many levels of paradox. 这个故事存在多重悖论。
Although I'm so successful I'm really rather a failure. That's a paradox, isn't it? 虽然我非常成功，可事实上我却是个相当失败的人。这句话自相矛盾，是吧？

 If they have multiple test cases that will be run on the same platforms, they can select multiple configurations simultaneously and apply the configurations to several of them in batch mode.  如果他们拥有多个将要运行在同一个平台上的测试用例的话，那么他们能够同时选择多个配置，并且将这些配置批量应用到平台上。
 It will save considerable machining time to use more than one tool in one machine to perform several machine operations either in sequence or simultaneously.  在一台机器上使用数种刀具来顺次或同时进行几项机器操作， 将节省大量加工时间。
 So we think they have to proceed simultaneously, " she added.  因此，我们认为两个问题必须同时进行。
simultaneously |英 [,sɪml'teɪnɪəslɪ]  美 [saɪməl'tenɪəsli]| adv. 同时地/



n. [U] 制定计划（或巧妙地实施计划）的过程，如策划、规划、统筹安排:
~ (to do sth) 为达到某一目的所制定的行动计划（尤指长期的行动计划），即策略、战略:
2 [U, C]（尤指战争中的）战略、战略学；战略部署:
~ (to do sth) 为达到某一目的所制定的行动计划（尤指长期的行动计划），即策略、战略:
2 [U, C]（尤指战争中的）战略、战略学；战略部署:
strategy |[ˈstrætədʒi]
marketing strategy 营销策划
long-term, medium-term, short-term strategy 长期策略；中期策略；短期策略 
The overall strategy is good, but one or two of the details could be improved. 他们的总体策略还不错，只是有一两处细节还需改进。
a key strategy to increase sales 提高销量的关键策略 
comprehensive strategy 全面的策略 
a global marketing strategy 全球营销战略 
grand strategy 宏大的战略 
The committee drew up a draft strategy for dealing with future floods.（draft尤为英式用法）委员会草拟了一份应对未来洪灾的策略。
The government has employed a dual strategy to achieve these two objectives. 为了完成这两个目标，政府采取了双管齐下的策略。
The company adopted aggressive marketing strategies to sell its products. 这家公司采取了积极的营销策略销售其产品。
Her rudeness was a deliberate strategy to provoke him. 她的无礼是有预谋的，故意要激怒他。
economics-based strategy 以经济为基础的策略 
market-oriented strategy 以市场为导向的策略 
a customer-oriented business strategy 以顾客为导向的经营策略 
We all have different coping strategies for times of stress. 我们都有不同的应对紧急情况的策略。
survival strategy 生存策略 
No one has yet come up with an exit strategy for the troops. 还没有人提出能使部队退出的策略。
campaign, election, electoral, government, political strategy 竞选策略；选举策略；政府策略；政治策略 
instructional（美）, pedagogic, teaching strategy 指导性策略；教学策略 
learning strategy 学习策略 
business, commercial, company, corporate, financial, investment, management, marketing, pricing, product, promotional, recruitment, research, sales strategy 经营策略；商业策略；公司策略；企业策略；财务策略；投资策略；管理策略；营销策略；定价策略；产品策略；促销策略；招募策略；研究策略；销售策略 
economic, energy, environmental, industrial, legislative strategy 经济战略；能源战略；环境战略；工业战略；立法战略 
A coherent strategy for getting more people back to work needs to be developed. 需要制定一项连贯的策略，以使更多的人重新就业。
The charity is drawing up a strategy to meet the needs of the homeless. 慈善机构正在拟定一项计划，以满足无家可归者的需要。
It is certainly a strategy worth exploring. 这一策略确实值得探讨。
They're pursuing a strategy of massive retaliation. 他们奉行大规模报复策略。
The document sets out the government's new strategy. 文件阐述了政府的新战略。
The company will now focus its strategy on its core business areas. 公司即将把战略重心放到核心业务领域。
a strategy aimed at reducing the risk of accidents 旨在降低事故风险的策略 
This strategy relies on property prices continuing to rise. 该战略的前提是资产价格持续上涨。
The company's financial strategy is not working. 公司的财务策略没有奏效。
strategy development, strategy formulation 战略制定；战略构想 
strategy meeting, strategy session（尤美）战略会议；战略会晤 
strategy review 战略回顾 
strategy document, strategy paper 战略档案；战略文件 
a strategy game set during the Civil War 内战期间的战略对局 
the key idea in their strategy 他们战略中的关键思想 
to develop an effective strategy for change 为追求变革制定一种有效的策略 
to develop a strategy for dealing with unemployment 制订解决失业问题的对策 
the party's strategy on poverty 该党针对贫困的策略 
a comprehensive strategy towards regional development 针对区域性开发的综合战略 
The coming year may herald a change in strategy for major publishers. 对大出版商来说，即将到来的一年可能意味着战略的改变。
Their single-minded pursuit of this controversial strategy led to their fall from power. 一意孤行地奉行这项有争议的策略导致了他们的倒台。
He pretended that resigning was part of his long-term career strategy. 他假装辞职是他长远职业规划的一部分。
military strategy 军事战略 
I've just been explaining the basic principles of strategy to my generals. 我刚刚一直在向各位将军解释战略学的基本原理。
defence strategies 防御部署
long-term, medium-term, short-term strategy 长期策略；中期策略；短期策略 
The overall strategy is good, but one or two of the details could be improved. 他们的总体策略还不错，只是有一两处细节还需改进。
a key strategy to increase sales 提高销量的关键策略 
comprehensive strategy 全面的策略 
a global marketing strategy 全球营销战略 
grand strategy 宏大的战略 
The committee drew up a draft strategy for dealing with future floods.（draft尤为英式用法）委员会草拟了一份应对未来洪灾的策略。
The government has employed a dual strategy to achieve these two objectives. 为了完成这两个目标，政府采取了双管齐下的策略。
The company adopted aggressive marketing strategies to sell its products. 这家公司采取了积极的营销策略销售其产品。
Her rudeness was a deliberate strategy to provoke him. 她的无礼是有预谋的，故意要激怒他。
economics-based strategy 以经济为基础的策略 
market-oriented strategy 以市场为导向的策略 
a customer-oriented business strategy 以顾客为导向的经营策略 
We all have different coping strategies for times of stress. 我们都有不同的应对紧急情况的策略。
survival strategy 生存策略 
No one has yet come up with an exit strategy for the troops. 还没有人提出能使部队退出的策略。
campaign, election, electoral, government, political strategy 竞选策略；选举策略；政府策略；政治策略 
instructional（美）, pedagogic, teaching strategy 指导性策略；教学策略 
learning strategy 学习策略 
business, commercial, company, corporate, financial, investment, management, marketing, pricing, product, promotional, recruitment, research, sales strategy 经营策略；商业策略；公司策略；企业策略；财务策略；投资策略；管理策略；营销策略；定价策略；产品策略；促销策略；招募策略；研究策略；销售策略 
economic, energy, environmental, industrial, legislative strategy 经济战略；能源战略；环境战略；工业战略；立法战略 
A coherent strategy for getting more people back to work needs to be developed. 需要制定一项连贯的策略，以使更多的人重新就业。
The charity is drawing up a strategy to meet the needs of the homeless. 慈善机构正在拟定一项计划，以满足无家可归者的需要。
It is certainly a strategy worth exploring. 这一策略确实值得探讨。
They're pursuing a strategy of massive retaliation. 他们奉行大规模报复策略。
The document sets out the government's new strategy. 文件阐述了政府的新战略。
The company will now focus its strategy on its core business areas. 公司即将把战略重心放到核心业务领域。
a strategy aimed at reducing the risk of accidents 旨在降低事故风险的策略 
This strategy relies on property prices continuing to rise. 该战略的前提是资产价格持续上涨。
The company's financial strategy is not working. 公司的财务策略没有奏效。
strategy development, strategy formulation 战略制定；战略构想 
strategy meeting, strategy session（尤美）战略会议；战略会晤 
strategy review 战略回顾 
strategy document, strategy paper 战略档案；战略文件 
a strategy game set during the Civil War 内战期间的战略对局 
the key idea in their strategy 他们战略中的关键思想 
to develop an effective strategy for change 为追求变革制定一种有效的策略 
to develop a strategy for dealing with unemployment 制订解决失业问题的对策 
the party's strategy on poverty 该党针对贫困的策略 
a comprehensive strategy towards regional development 针对区域性开发的综合战略 
The coming year may herald a change in strategy for major publishers. 对大出版商来说，即将到来的一年可能意味着战略的改变。
Their single-minded pursuit of this controversial strategy led to their fall from power. 一意孤行地奉行这项有争议的策略导致了他们的倒台。
He pretended that resigning was part of his long-term career strategy. 他假装辞职是他长远职业规划的一部分。
military strategy 军事战略 
I've just been explaining the basic principles of strategy to my generals. 我刚刚一直在向各位将军解释战略学的基本原理。
defence strategies 防御部署

n. [U] 读写能力:
literacy |[ˈlɪtərəsi]
a campaign to promote adult literacy 提高成人文化水平的运动 
basic literacy skills 基本的读写技巧 
different methods for acquiring literacy 学会读写的不同方法 
literacy campaign, literacy initiative（美）, literacy programme/program 扫盲运动；扫盲倡议；扫盲计划 
literacy curriculum（美）扫盲课程 
literacy class, literacy course 扫盲班；扫盲课 
literacy test 读写测试 
literacy level, literacy rate 读写水平；识字率 
Many adults have some problems with literacy and numeracy. 很多成年人在读写和计算方面都有困难。
computer, information（美）literacy 计算机素养；信息素养 
cultural, financial, media, science, technological literacy （均尤美）文化素养；金融素养；媒体素养；科学素养；技术素养 
a movement to promote financial literacy among women 提高妇女金融素养的运动 
critical literacy（美）批判意识

n. [U]（对任何事情的）冷漠、淡漠:
apathy |[ˈæpəθi]
There is widespread apathy among the electorate. 选民普遍态度冷淡。
They told me about isolation and public apathy. 他们向我谈到了孤立无助和公众的冷漠。
the political apathy and emotional uncertainty of young Americans 美国年轻人对政治的漠不关心和情感上的多变 
a general apathy towards politics 对于政治普遍的冷淡 
Once defeated, he sank into apathy. 一旦失败，他就变得心灰意冷。
Such attitudes can only lead to apathy. 这样的态度只能导致冷漠。/

n. [usually sing.] 某事物（例如某种体育运动或某种音乐）突然变得流行和成功的一段时期，即风靡期:
n. [C] 某事物数量、频率或成功程度的增长:
n. [usually sing.] 洪亮而深沉的声音:
vi. 发出大而低沉的声音，即轰鸣、轰隆作响:
n. [C] 用于支持麦克风等设备的一个长长的吊杆或支架:
vt.＆vi. boom (out) 以低沉有力的声音说话:
n. [C] boom (in sth) 在商业经济领域里，可指贸易和经济活动的突然增长，即激增；也可指一段繁荣的时期:
vi. 指商业、经济迅速发展、激增、繁荣昌盛:
boom |[bu:m]
the yoga boom 瑜伽热潮
the boom in the sport’s popularity 该项运动普及程度的大幅提高
the boom of cannons 隆隆的炮声 
the deep boom of a foghorn 雾角低沉的声音 
sonic boom 声爆 
Thunder boomed over the village. 村庄上空雷声轰隆。
a booming voice 低沉洪亮的嗓音 
A voice boomed out from the darkness. 黑暗中传来了浑厚低沉的嗓音。
consumer, credit, economic, investment boom 消费热潮；信贷潮；经济繁荣；投资热潮 
stock-market boom 股市热 
housing boom 房产热 
baby boom 生育高峰 
Internet boom 互联网热潮 
boom period, boom time 繁荣期；兴盛的一年 
boom town 新兴城市 
The economy is booming. 经济正欣欣向荣。
Sales are booming. 销售量正在激增。

vt.&vi. ~ sb (by doing sth) | ~ sb (with sth) 根据某人的要求（或根据自己对某人的动机的知晓）来帮忙:
vt. [常用被动式]（法律、规定或形势）迫使某人去做某事:
oblige |[əˈblaɪdʒ]
Call me if you need any help─I'd be happy to oblige. 若有需要，尽管给我打电话。我很乐意帮忙。
The staff are always willing to oblige. 员工们总是有求必应。
Will you oblige by filling in this form? 劳驾您填一下这张表格好吗？
Would you oblige me with some information? 拜托您给我提供些信息好吗？
He obliged with very straightforward answers. 他坦率地给予了答复。
duly oblige（英）一如期待地效劳 
The fans were looking for another goal and Owen duly obliged (= scored). 正当球迷们期待再入一球时，欧文不负众望射门得分。
Parents are obliged by law to send their children to school. 法律规定父母必须送子女入学。
I felt obliged to ask them to dinner. 我不得不请他们吃饭。
He suffered a serious injury that obliged him to give up work. 他受伤严重，不得已只好放弃工作。

n. [U, C] 不兼容性:
incompatibility |[ˌɪnkəmˌpætəˈbɪləti]
We can explain the apparent incompatibility of these results. 我们能够解释这些结果表面上的不一致。
The disastrous merger demonstrated the incompatibility of the two companies. 两家公司的合并很不成功，表明它们互不相容。
Incompatibility between systems has been a major problem for computer users. 系统之间的互不兼容一直是计算机用户面临的主要问题。
Critics of the new machine point to its incompatibility with other products on the market. 批评者指出这种新机器与市场上的其他产品不兼容。

n. [U]（货物或服务）贸易、商业，尤指国际间的贸易或商业:
commerce |[ˈkɒmɜ:s;美ˈkɑ:mɜ:rs]
foreign, global, international commerce 对外贸易；全球贸易；国际贸易 
domestic, internstate（美） commerce 国内贸易；州际贸易 
electronic, Internet, online commerce 电子商务；互联网交易；在线交易 
commerce between Germany and Italy 德国和意大利之间的贸易往来 
the development of commerce with Asia 与亚洲在贸易上的发展 
a chamber of commerce 商会 
She has little experience of the world of commerce. 她在商界没什么经验。
leaders of industry and commerce 工商界领导人 
They have made their fortunes from industry and commerce. 他们靠工商业发了财。

n. [C] 某人或某事物的品质、属性、特质或特征:
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 将品质等归于某人或某事物:
vt. ~ sth to sth 把…归因于…:
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 认为(文章、艺术品或评论）出自…:
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 将罪责、品质等归于某人或某事物:
attribute |[əˈtrɪbju:t]
Patience is one of the most important attributes in a teacher. 耐心是教师最重要的品质之一。
Cruelty is a normal attribute of human behaviour. 残忍是人的天性之一。
He has every attribute you could want and could play for any team. 他具备你想要的所有品质，放在哪个队都行。
divine, human attribute 神的特性；人的特性 
cultural, personal, physical, social attribute 文化特征；个人的特征；身体的特征；社会特征 
Her physical attributes were much admired. 很多人欣赏她的身材。           
People were beginning to attribute superhuman qualities to him. 人们开始觉得他超人一等。
The goals commonly attributed to management are status, power, salary and security. 人们普遍认为管理者追求的目标无非是地位、权力、薪酬和安全感。
We tend to attribute their success to external causes such as luck. 我们倾向于将她们的成功归因于外部因素，比如运气。
They claim that one in twenty deaths can be directly attributed to air pollution. 他们称每二十例死亡个案中就有一例是空气污染直接造成的。
Climate change is widely attributed to the building-up of greenhouse gases. 人们普遍认为气候变化是由温室气体的增加造成的。
This play is usually attributed to Shakespeare. 人们通常认为这出戏剧是莎士比亚所写。
This, and the remaining frescoes, are not attributed to Giotto. 这个，还有那些残存的湿壁画，都不是乔托的作品。
a Madonna and Child attributed to Pietro Lorenzetti 被认为出自彼得罗·洛伦泽蒂之手的作品《圣母子》
a quote that has often been falsely attributed to George Patton 一段经常被误认为是乔治·巴顿的语录
The committee refused to attribute blame without further information. 如果没有进一步的情况，委员会拒绝归罪于任何人。
People were beginning to attribute superhuman qualities to him. 人们开始觉得他超人一等。
The goals commonly attributed to management are status, power, salary and security. 人们普遍认为管理者追求的目标无非是地位、权力、薪酬和安全感。

n. [C] 可以在柜台处选择食物并付款（然后将食物带到餐桌上）的一种餐馆，常见于工厂、学校、医院等，即自助餐厅、自助食堂:
cafeteria |[͵kæfɪ'tɪərɪə]


vt. [常用被动式] 严重毁坏或损害一个机器、组织机构、体系等:
vt. [常用被动式] 使某人的心理或情感出现问题:
vt. [常用被动式]（疾病或伤痛）使某人成为残疾或使其腿瘸:
n. [C] [旧时用法，或者含冒犯意味] 残疾人；瘸子:
n. [C] 心理或情感上有缺陷的人:
cripple |[ˈkrɪpl]
The pilot tried to land his crippled plane. 飞行员试图驾驶损坏严重的飞机着陆。
Let's try to cripple their communications. 我们试着破坏他们的通讯设备吧。
A strike would severely cripple the airline. 罢工会使航空公司元气大伤。
The industry has been financially crippled by these policies. 这些政策使该行业经济损失惨重。
A total cut-off of supplies would cripple the country's economy. 全面切断物品供应会使该国经济陷入瘫痪。
Howard wanted to be a popular singer, but stage fright crippled him. 霍华德想成为流行歌手，但因怯场而心生畏惧。
I'm not perfect but I'm also not emotionally crippled or lonely. 我并不完美，但我也没有什么心结，也不孤独。
Mr Easton was seriously crippled in an accident and had to leave his job. 伊斯顿先生在一次事故中重度伤残，不得不离职。
He had been warned that another bad fall could cripple him for life. 医生警告他，如果再次严重摔伤他可能会终身残疾。
He was crippled by polio as a child. 他幼年患过小儿麻痹症，结果腿就瘸了。
to be crippled with arthritis 因患关节炎而腿瘸 
She has gone from being a healthy, fit, and sporty young woman to being a cripple. 她从一个健康、强壮、爱好运动的年轻女性变成了一个跛子。
He's an emotional cripple (= he cannot express his feelings). 他是个感情有缺陷的人。
