bribe						贿赂
guesstimate					约略估计
negotiation					谈判
hardship					穷困，艰难，磨难
badge						徽章，象征
compromise					妥协，危及，减少
excess					过量，过多的
descendant					后代
fulfill					实现，满足，符合
collective					集体的
amend						修改，纠正，改进
tangled					缠在一起的
qualification				资格，素质，限定
recall					召回，回忆起，使...恢复
adopt						领养，提名，采用
tasteless					淡而无味的，庸俗的
drown						淹死，压过
tragedy					灾难，悲剧
circulation					循环，传播，流通
grand						壮观的，傲慢的，极好的，大钢琴
inadequate					不充分的
household					家庭
authorization				授权
auxiliary					辅助的，辅助物
adverse					不利的
descriptive					描写的，记叙的
trace						痕迹，微量，小路，查出
bloom						花，风华正茂
evaluate					评价，评判
humanistic					人文主义的
\\\\\\\\

n. [C] 贿赂（即为了让对方替自己做非法之事而给予对方的钱财或贵重物品）:
~ sb (into doing sth) 向（某人）行贿:
bribe |[braɪb]
It was alleged that he had taken bribes while in office. 他被指称在任时收受贿赂。
He admitted paying bribes to police officers. 他承认贿赂警察。
He was being investigated for receiving bribes. 他因收受贿赂正在接受调查。
She had been offered a $50 000 bribe to drop the charges. 有人用5万元贿赂她，要她撤回控告。
He paid out millions of dollars in bribes. 他行贿数百万美元。
vt. ~ sb (with sth) 
He was accused of bribing a senior bank official. 他被指控贿赂一名高级银行官员。
They bribed the guards with cigarettes. 他们用香烟贿赂看守。
The government bribed the workers to be quiet. 政府收买工人让其保持沉默。
She was bribed into handing over secret information. 她被收买交出了机密。
He managed to bribe his way onto the ship. 他设法行贿混上了船。

A guesstimate is an approximate calculation which is based mainly or entirely on guessing. (凭猜测得出的) 估计
guesstimate |英 [ˈɡestɪmət]  美 [ˈɡestɪmət]| n. 瞎猜；依推测的估计/vt. 瞎猜；估计/
The 30 percent figure may be no more than a guesstimate.30%这一数字可能只是个大约的估计。


n. [C, usually pl., U]（尤指政治和商业领域的）谈判，协商，磋商:
negotiation |[nɪˌgəʊʃiˈeɪʃn;美-ˌgoʊʃi-]
peace, trade, wage negotiations 和谈；贸易洽谈；工资谈判 
They begin another round of negotiations today. 他们今天开始了另一轮的谈判。
to enter into/open/conduct negotiations with sb 和某人开始/展开/进行谈判 
The rent is a matter for negotiation between the landlord and the tenant. 租金可以由房东和租户协商确定。
A contract is prepared in negotiation with our clients. 我们和客户协商起草了一份合同。
The issue is still under negotiation. 这个问题还在商讨之中。
The price is generally open to negotiation. 一般来讲，价格可以商量。
We have had meaningful negotiations and I believe we are very close to a deal. 我们已进行了有益的磋商，我相信我们很快能成交。
After 10 years of negotiation, the Senate ratified the strategic arms reduction treaty. 经过10年协商，参议院已经正式批准了《削减战略武器条约》。

n. [U, C]（由于没有足够的钱、食物、衣服等而）艰难且令人不快的一种情形，可称为艰难、困苦、拮据等:
hardship |['hɑːdʃɪp]
economic, personal, physical hardship 经济困难；个人磨难；身体上的磨难 
They are living in genuine hardship. 他们确实生活困难。
The cold was no real hardship to me. 我并不觉得冷到难熬的地步。

n. 1 [C] [英]（美国英语通常用button指小型金属徽章）（某人佩戴的金属或塑料材质的）徽章（用以标明此人隶属于某个组织机构，或表明此人支持某事、达成了某事、处于某个级别等）:
2 [C] [英] [美用patch] 缝在制服上的标记、标识:
3 [C]（某人携带或佩戴的，用于证明其身份的）证章（如警徽）:
n. [C] [正式] 标志、象征:
badge |[bædʒ]
She wore a badge saying ‘Vote for Coates’. 她戴着一枚徽章，上面写着“投科茨一票”。
All employees have to wear name badges. 所有员工均须佩戴姓名牌。
button badge（英）纽扣徽章 
a badge of office（尤英）
His badge of office, a large gold key, hung around his neck. 他脖子上挂着公职徽章—把大金钥匙。
merit badge（尤美）荣誉勋章 
Gates earns a merit badge for his ideas on surviving the recession.（比喻用法，尤美）盖茨为度过萧条时期出谋划策，从而立了一功。
the school badge 校徽 
cap badge（英）帽徽 
blazer, lapel badge（均英）队服徽章；领徽 
He pulled out a badge and said he was a cop. 他拿出工作证，说他是警察。
police badge（尤美）警徽 
badge holder(= an object for holding a badge）（尤英）证章套 
badge holder（= a person who has a badge）（尤英）徽章持有者 
parking for disabled badge holders 残疾证持有者专用停车位
His gun was a badge of power for him. 他的枪对他而言是权力的标志。
Being a Communist was a badge of honour for thousands of trade union activists. 对数千工会积极分子来说，成为共产党员是荣誉的象征。
His scars are badges of honour/honor.（比喻用法）他身上的伤疤就是荣誉勋章。

vi. compromise (with sb) (on sth) 为达成协议而向对方妥协（即放弃自己的一些要求）:
vt.＆vi. compromise (on sth) 做违背自己原则的事；或做达不到自己所设定的标准的事:
n. 1 [C] 两人或两个群体之间所达成的一份相互妥协的协议，也可称为相互让步、折中。是一个常规用词，最为常用:
2 [C] compromise (between A and B)（针对一个问题的）一个妥协（或折中）方案（即当该问题中的两项或多项内容不能共存时，对各项做出轻微删减或改动从而使各项共存）:
3 [U] 达成妥协或和解的过程，即妥协，和解:
vt. compromise sb/sth/yourself（尤指因行为不是很明智而）使某人陷入危险或受到怀疑，可称为损害或危害:
compromise |['kɒmprəmaɪz]
Neither side is prepared to compromise. 双方都不愿意妥协。
to compromise with the opposition party 向反对党派让步 
I refuse to compromise my principles. 我拒绝在原则问题上妥协。
We are not prepared to compromise on safety standards. 我们不愿在安全标准上妥协。
After lengthy talks the two sides finally reached a compromise. 双方经过长期的商谈终于达成了妥协。
This model represents the best compromise between price and quality. 这种型号是价格和质量间的最佳折中方案。
to seek a compromise 寻求一种折中办法 
Compromise is an inevitable part of life. 妥协是生活不可避免的一部分。
political compromise 政治上的妥协 
compromise agreement 和解协议 
compromise candidate 折中人选
She had already compromised herself by accepting his invitation. 她接受了他的邀请，这件事已经使她的声誉受到了损害。
Defeat at this stage would compromise their chances of reaching the finals of the competition. 在这个阶段的失败会减少他们进入决赛的机会。
The affair seriously compromised the party’s prospects of success. 这一事件严重影响了该党在选举中获胜的机会。

n. 1 [sing, U] ~ (of sth) 比需要的、合理的或可接受的还多，即超过、过度:
2 [C, U] 超过的数量:
adj. [只用于名词前] 超过必要、通常或合法数量的，如超额的:
n. [pl.] excesses 不可接受的、非法的或不道德的极端行为，如放肆行为、越轨行为:
n. [C, usually sing.] [英] [美用deductible] 保险中的免赔额（即需要自己支付的那部分）:
excess |[ɪkˈses]
Are you suffering from an excess of stress in your life? 你生活中的压力太大吗？
In an excess of enthusiasm I agreed to work late. 我一时热情过度答应了工作到很晚。
His statements cannot be simply dismissed as rhetorical excess. 不能简单地把他的陈述斥之为夸大之词。
verbal excess 话语啰嗦 
alcoholic excess（英）过量饮酒 
He started drinking to excess after losing his job. 他失业后便开始酗酒了。
I was reasonably fit, played a lot of tennis, and didn't smoke or drink to excess. 我相当健康，经常打网球，不怎么吸烟，也不酗酒。
'Avoid excess' is the golden rule for a healthy life. 健康生活的一条黄金法则就是“避免过度”。
Polyunsaturated oils are essential for health. Excess is harmful, however. 多不饱和油对健康很重要。但是，食用过量就会有害。
The drug can be harmful if taken in excess. 过量服用药物是有害的。
Red meat, eaten to excess, is very high in fat and calories. 过量食用的红肉中脂肪和卡路里含量很高。
The energy value of dried fruits is considerably in excess of that of fresh items. 干果的能量值大大超过新鲜水果。
The car can travel at speeds in excess of 90 miles per hour. 该车的车速能达到每小时90英里以上。
a large excess of gas 严重过量的煤气 
An excess of house plants in a small flat can be oppressive. 在小公寓中摆放过多室内植物会让人觉得很压抑。
Avoid deposits in excess of £20,000 in any one account. 单一账户存款勿超过两万英镑。
The increase will not be in excess of (= more than) two per cent. 增加幅度不会超过百分之二。
You can throw away any excess. 凡超量的你都可以扔掉。
We cover costs up to £600 and then you pay the excess. 我们最多支付600英镑的费用，超过的部分由你支付。
The major reason for excess weight is excess eating. 体重超标的主要原因是饮食过量。
Excess food is stored as fat. 多余的食物作为脂肪贮存起来。
After cooking the fish, pour off any excess fat. 烹完鱼后，倒掉多余的油。
Driving with excess alcohol in the blood is a serious offence. 血液里酒精含量过高时驾车是严重的违法行为。
a letter demanding an excess fare of £20 要求额外付20英镑邮资的信 
Staff who have to travel farther can claim excess travel expenses. 需要到更远的地方出差的职员可以领取额外差旅费。
adolescent excess 青春期的放肆 
She said she was sick of her life of excess. 她说她厌倦了自己无节制的生活。
We need a free press to curb government excesses. 我们需要新闻自由来约束政府的越轨行为。
Washington has always been a city of wretched excesses.（美）华盛顿一直是一个极度放纵的城市。
the worst excesses committed by the occupying army 占领军犯下的残忍暴行
There is an excess of £100 on each claim under this policy. 本保险单每次索赔均有 100 英镑的免赔额。
The company wanted £1,800 for a policy with a £500 excess for under-21s. 那家公司想要办理单价1,800英镑的保单，并且要求21岁以下人员承担价值500英镑的免赔额。

n. [C]（由过去类似物发展而来的）派生物:
n. [C] 一个人的后代、后裔、子孙:
n. [C] 植物的后代:
n. [C] 由一门语言派生出来的一支语系:
descendant |[dɪˈsendənt]
His design was a descendant of a 1956 device. 他的设计是从一个 1956 年的装置衍生而来的。
They are the descendants of plants imported by the early settlers. 它们是早期移民带来的一些植物的后代。
Quechua, the lineal descendant of the Inca language 克丘亚语——印加语的直系派生语言
He was an O'Conor and a direct descendant of the last High King of Ireland. 他属于奥康纳家族，是爱尔兰最后一位君王的嫡系后裔。
Many of them are descendants of the original settlers. 他们中许多人都是早期移民的后裔。
They are descendants of the original English and Scottish settlers. 他们是最初的英格兰和苏格兰定居者的后代。
Lord Cochrane and his descendants 科克伦勋爵及其后裔 
immediate descendant 直接后代 
distant, remote descendant 远亲后代 
living, modern descendant 在世的后人；现代的后裔 
He is Brecht's spiritual descendant. 他是布莱希特的精神传人。
They are the descendants of plants imported by the early settlers. 它们是早期移民带来的一些植物的后代。
Quechua, the lineal descendant of the Inca language 克丘亚语——印加语的直系派生语言

 I know that I have a purpose in this world and I live to fulfill this purpose.  我知道我来到这个世上是有目标的，我活着就是为了实现这个目标。
 Ask yourself, "To what extent do my actions enable me to fulfill myself?  问下你自己：“我的行动到底多大程度上满足了自己的目标？”
 And that is why we can fulfill our destiny.  这就是为什么我们能实现我们的命运。
fulfill |英/美 [ful'fil]| vt. 履行；实现；满足；使结束（等于fulfil）/



adj. 1 [常用于名词前] 为一群人所共有的；或涉及到整个人类群体或社会的:
2 [常用于名词前] 用于指全体成员的:
n. [C] 共同拥有并运用一家企业或一个农场的一群人；也可指此类企业或农场。可称为企业集团、合作农场、集体企业:
n. [C] 共同拥有并运用一个农场的一群人；也可指此类农场。可称为合作农场:
n. [C] 共同拥有并运用一家企业的一群人；也可指此类企业。可称为企业集团、集体企业:
collective |[kəˈlektɪv]
collective leadership, collective decision-making, collective responsibility, collective wisdom 集体领导；集体决策；共同责任；集体的智慧 
It was a collective decision. 这是集体的决定。
collective memory (= things that a group of people or a community know or remember, that are often passed from parents to children) 集体记忆 
The country's politicians are already heaving a collective sigh of relief. 该国的政界人士均已松了口气。
The collective name for mast, boom and sails on a boat is the ‘rig ’. 船的桅杆、帆桁和帆总称为“索具”。
Social science is a collective name, covering a series of individual sciences. 社会科学是一个统称，涵盖一系列的独立学科。
Their collective volume wasn't very large. 他们的总量不是太大。
an independent collective making films for television 为电视制作影片的独立集体企业 
He will see that he is participating in all the decisions of the collective. 他会确保自己参与集体企业的各项决策。
an independent collective making films for television 为电视制作影片的独立集体企业 
He will see that he is participating in all the decisions of the collective. 他会确保自己参与集体企业的各项决策。           

vt. 轻微修改法律、文件、声明等，使其更正确或更好，即修正、修订:
amend |[əˈmend]
to amend act, to amend bill, to amend constitution 修订法案；修订宪法 
to amend treaty 修订条约 
to amend clause 修订条款 
to amend schedule 修订日程表 
He asked to see the amended version. 他要求看修订本。
The president agreed to amend the constitution and allow multi-party elections. 总统同意修订宪法，允许多党选举。
'You must admit that the man has got charm,' said Nicolson. 'Glamour,' amended Wells. “你必须承认这个男人有魅力，”尼科尔森说。“是诱惑力，”韦尔斯纠正说。

adj. 复杂且难以理解的，如纠缠不清的:
adj. 混乱缠结在一起的:
tangled |[ˈtæŋgld]
tangled financial affairs 错综复杂的财务
My hair got all tangled. 我的头发乱七八槽的。
My legs got hopelessly tangled in the rope. 我的双腿被绳子死死缠住。
tangled bed clothes 凌乱的床上用品

n. 1 [C] 为某一工作或活动所需的一项技能（或一种经验），现实中可称为资格、资历:
2 [U] 通过一项考核、完成一门训练课程、达到做某项工作（或参加某项比赛）所需的标准（是一种已达成了的既定事实）。即获得资格、合格、达到标准:
n. [C, usually pl.] [英] 所通过的考试，或成功学完的课程，现实中可称为学历、资格:
n. [C, U] 你对某一陈述所附加的一条限定性信息（可限定此陈述的效用或其所适用的情况），相当于proviso:
qualification |[͵kwɒlɪfɪ'keɪʃn]
Previous teaching experience is a necessary qualification for this job. 教学经验是从事这项工作的一个必备条件。
He held no formal qualification in law. 他在法律方面不具备任何正式的资质。
Nurses in training should be given a guarantee of employment following qualification. 接受培训的护士取得资格后应有工作保障。
A victory in this game will earn them qualification for the World Cup. 这场比赛的胜利将使他们取得世界杯的参赛资格。
academic, educational, professional, vocational qualifications 学术资历；教育学历；专业资质；职业资历 
nursing, teaching qualification 护理资格；教学资格 
He left school with no formal qualifications. 他离开学校没有获得正式学历。
In this job, experience counts for more than paper qualifications. 干这项工作，经验比文凭更重要。
The plan was approved without qualification. 这项计划获得无条件批准。
I agree with his view, with a few qualifications. 我同意他的观点，但是有一些保留。
The term ‘population’ as used here requires qualification. 这里使用的“人口”一词需要限定一下。

vt. 命令某人返回，即召回:
vt. 召回、收回（残次货品等）:
n. [sing.] 召回令、回归请求:
n. [U]（对过去发生之事的）记忆力、记性:
vt.&vi. [正式]（不用于进行时）记起、回忆起:
Her teacher recalled: 'She was always on about modelling.' 她的老师回忆说:
vt.（不用于进行时）使某人想起某事:
recall |[rɪˈkɔ:l]
Both countries recalled their ambassadors. 两个国家都召回了各自的大使。
He was recalled to military duty. 他被召回执行军事任务。
Parliament was recalled from its summer recess. 国会在夏季休会之后又重新开议。
They have both been recalled to the Welsh squad (= selected as members of the team after a time when they were not selected). 他们俩都被重新召回了威尔士队。
Dean Richards was recalled to the England squad for the match with Wales. 迪安·理查兹被召回英格兰队参加对阵威尔士的比赛。
I had done enough after being recalled against Pakistan to have got on the tour to India. 在被征召入队参加与巴基斯坦的比赛后，我为前往印度的行程做了充分准备。
The company has recalled all the faulty hairdryers. 公司召回了所有有问题的吹风机。
The company said it was recalling one of its drugs. 这个公司说正在召回他们生产的一种药。
More than 3,000 cars were recalled yesterday because of a brake problem. 3,000多辆汽车因为刹车问题昨天被召回。
Thomas's recall to the Welsh team 让托马斯回归威尔士队的要求
He had a good memory, and total recall of her spoken words. 他记忆力很好，她当时说的话他全都记得起来。
She has amazing powers of recall. 她有惊人的记忆力。
to have instant recall (= to be able to remember sth immediately) 有快速记忆的能力 
to have total recall (= to be able to remember all the details of sth) 记得所有细节 
The ground has been polluted beyond recall. 这片土地已被污染得面目全非。
the realities of operating a traditional canal boat can be readily imagined, even if the life itself is beyond recall 经营一艘传统的运河船的现实情形很容易想象，尽管那种生活本身已经无法忆起了。
She could not recall his name. 她想不起他的名字。
If I recall correctly, he lives in Luton. 如果我没记错的话，他住在卢顿。
She could easily recall the smell of the orange groves. 她常常回忆起那个柑橘园的芳香。
I am old enough now to wistfully recall moments of my youth. 我现在一把年纪了，每当想起年轻的岁月时就会感到怅然若失。
He could still recall that first meeting clearly. 他还能清晰地记起初次见面的情景。
I seem to recall that she said she was going away. 我似乎记得她说过打算离开。
I recall reading in an interview that he loved to cook. 我想起读到过他在一次访谈中谈到喜欢做饭。
I can't recall meeting her before. 我想不起来以前曾经见过她。
He recalled that she always came home late on Wednesdays. 他回想起她星期三总是很晚回家。
Can you recall exactly what happened? 你能记起到底发生了什么事吗？
Henderson recalled that he first met Pollard during a business trip to Washington. 亨德森记起他第一次见到波拉德是在一次去华盛顿出差的时候。
As I recall, you're not on the board, Joe; you're only a minor shareholder. 我记得你并没有进董事会，乔，你只是一个小股东而已。
You will recall that I sent you a warning of troubled times. Well now, almost everything I forecast has come about. 你还记得我警告过你时局会出现动荡吧。现在看来，几乎我预测的每件事都发生了。
The poem recalls Eliot's ‘The Waste Land’. 这首诗令人想起艾略特的《荒原》。

vt.（通过表决而）正式接纳一项建议或政策:
vt. 承袭（一个风俗）等:
vt. 1 采用（某种方法）；采取（某种态度）。是此义的常规用词:
2 [正式] 采用（某种举止、说话或表达等方式）:
3 选用（一个新名字）等:
vt. 移居（到某国）:
vt.＆vi. 收养或领养（别人的孩子）:
vt. 1 采用（某种方法）；采取（某种态度）。是此义的常规用词:
2 [正式] 采用（某种举止、说话或表达等方式）:
3 选用（一个新名字）等:
vt. [英] adopt sb (as sth) 在政治领域可指选定（某人为竞选的候选人）或选举（某人为代表）:
adopt |[ə'dɒpt][ə'dɒpt]
to adopt a resolution 通过一项决议 
The council is expected to adopt the new policy at its next meeting. 委员会有望在下次会议上正式通过这项新政策。
to adopt a title 袭用头衔 
to adopt a practice 承袭习俗
All three teams adopted different approaches to the problem. 三个队处理这个问题的方法各不相同。
The policy has not yet been formally adopted. 这一政策还未被正式采纳。
He adopted an air of indifference. 他摆出一副满不在乎的样子。
to adopt a name, to adopt a language 取名；采用某语言
to adopt a child 领养孩子 
She was forced to have her baby adopted. 她被迫将自己的婴儿交与他人收养。
All three teams adopted different approaches to the problem. 三个队处理这个问题的方法各不相同。
The policy has not yet been formally adopted. 这一政策还未被正式采纳。
He adopted an air of indifference. 他摆出一副满不在乎的样子。
to adopt a name, to adopt a language 取名；采用某语言
She was adopted as parliamentary candidate. 她被推举为议员候选人。

adj. 对人们所公认的好东西（或高品质东西）缺乏鉴赏或选择的能力，即品味（或格调）低下的，俗气的:
adj. 冒犯性的且不合适的，如不雅的，不得体的，粗俗的，煞风景的:
adj. 几乎没有（或没有）滋味的:
tasteless |['teɪstlɪs]
tasteless decorations 俗不可耐的装饰品
tasteless jokes 粗俗的笑话
tasteless soup 淡而无味的汤

vt.&vi. 淹死:
vt. ~ sb/sth (out) 声音盖过…:
vt. ~ sth (in sth) 作为比喻用法，可指被大量事物“淹没”:
vt. ~ sth (in sth) 浸透、浸泡、淹没:
drown |[draʊn]
Two children drowned after falling into the river. 两个孩子掉进河里淹死了。
He had attempted to rescue the drowning man. 他曾试图去救那个溺水的男人。
She tried to drown herself. 她试图投水自杀。
He was drowned at sea. 他淹死在海里。
They had drowned the unwanted kittens. 他们把没人要的小猫淹死了。
Forty-eight people have drowned after their boat capsized during a storm. 他们的船在暴风雨中倾覆后有 48 人溺亡。
A child can drown in only a few inches of water. 儿童在只有几英寸深的水中就可能溺亡。
She turned up the radio to drown out the noise from next door. 她开大了收音机的音量以压过隔壁房间的吵闹声。
Clapping drowned the speaker's words for a moment. 鼓掌声一度淹没了发言人的声音。
The conversation was drowned by the arrival of the taxi. 到来的出租车的声音压过了谈话的声音。
We were drowning in data but starved of information. 我们淹没在大量的数据中却找不到有用的信息。
people who gradually find themselves drowning in debt 渐渐发现自己债台高筑的人们
The fruit was drowned in cream. 水果在奶油里泡过。          

n. [C, U] 悲惨的事（尤指涉及到死亡）:
n. [C, U]（戏剧中的）悲剧、悲剧作品:
tragedy |[ˈtrædʒədi]
family, human, personal, private tragedy 家庭悲剧；人类悲剧；个人悲剧 
national tragedy 国家悲剧 
A family's outing ended in tragedy when their boat capsized. 一家人出游，结果船翻了，以一场悲剧告终。
We don't know what caused the tragedy. 我们不知道是什么造成了悲剧。
Tragedy struck when their eight-year-old daughter was knocked down by a car. 悲剧发生，他们八岁的女儿被车撞了。
Tragedy struck the family when their son was hit by a car and killed. 这个家庭惨遭不幸，他们的儿子被汽车撞死了。
She had seen the tragedy unfold. 她看到了悲剧一步步展开。
The closure of the factory is a tragedy for the whole community. 工厂的关闭是整个社区的悲剧。
It's a tragedy that she died so young. 她英年早逝是一大悲哀。
The whole affair ended in tragedy. 整个事件以悲剧而告终。
They have suffered an enormous personal tragedy. 他们遭逢了巨大的个人不幸。
Maskell's life had not been without tragedy. 马斯克尔的生活亦有过变故。
Shakespeare's tragedies 莎士比亚的悲剧 
Greek tragedy 希腊悲剧 
The story has elements of tragedy and farce. 这个故事兼有悲剧与闹剧的元素。

n. [U, C]（气、水等的）在一个系统或机器内的环流、循环:
n. [U] 在人与人之间传递、流传、流通:
n. [U]（某段时间的）社交活动、交际:
n. [C, usually sing.]（报刊或杂志的）发行量:
n. [C] 血液循环:
circulation |[ˌsɜ:kjəˈleɪʃn;美ˌsɜ:rk-]
the circulation of money, the circulation of information, the circulation of ideas 货币的流通；消息的传播；观念的流行 
Restricted circulation of the report will reduce the risk of leaks outside the ministry. 有限制地传阅这份报告会降低泄露到部外的风险。
Copies of the magazine were withdrawn from circulation. 这期杂志被收回，不再销售。
A number of forged tickets are in circulation. 有一些假入场券在流通。
The coins were taken out of circulation. 这种硬币已停止流通。
the amount of money in circulation 流通的货币量 
The supply of money in circulation was drastically reduced overnight. 流通领域的货币供应量一夜骤减。
The new coins will go into general circulation next year. 新铸币将于明年进入全面流通。
a society like America, with perhaps 180 million guns in circulation 像美国这样一个约有1.8亿支枪流散在外的社会
Anne has been ill but now she's back in circulation. 安妮一直生病，但现在又回来参加社交活动了。
Political trials were being used to keep prominent activists out of circulation. 通过对著名活动家进行政治审判使其从公众视线中消失。
I had been out of circulation for a month and knew that many friends would be there. 我有一个月深居简出，不过我知道许多朋友正等着我。
I was out of circulation for months after the baby was born. 孩子出生后我有几个月都没有参加社交活动。
a daily circulation of more than one million 日发行量超过一百万份 
The newspaper has a daily circulation of 20 000. 这份报纸的日发行量为2万份。
The Daily News once had the highest circulation of any daily in the country.《每日新闻报》的发行量曾位居全国所有日报之首。
The paper has proved unable to maintain its circulation figures. 事实证明这家报纸难以维持其发行量。
circulation area 发行区域
Regular exercise will improve blood circulation. 经常锻炼会促进血液循环。
I have poor circulation. 我的血液循环不好。
cold spots in the fingers caused by poor circulation 血液循环不畅导致的手指上的冻疮 
to have a massage to stimulate your circulation 以按摩来刺激血液循环 
the circulation of the blood 血液循环 
Anyone with heart, lung or circulation problems should seek medical advice before flying. 有心肺疾病或血液循环问题的人在乘坐飞机前应寻求医生建议。

adj. 1 令人印象深刻且巨大（或重要）的:
2 只用于名词前，Grand用于恢宏或巨大的建筑物等的名称中:
3 需要投入很多努力、金钱或时间才能成功的，意在达到恢弘效果的:
adj.（人）由于富有或来自较高的社会阶层而行为傲慢的，高高在上的:
adj. [方言或非正式] 非常令人享受的:
adj. 1 令人印象深刻且巨大（或重要）的:
2 只用于名词前，Grand用于恢宏或巨大的建筑物等的名称中:
3 需要投入很多努力、金钱或时间才能成功的，意在达到恢弘效果的:
adj. Grand用于社会地位极高的人的称号当中:
n. [C] 大钢琴，相当于grand piano:
n. [C] [非正式] 1000美元；1000英镑:
adj. [方言或非正式] 非常好的，非常令人享受的，出色的:
grand |[ɡrænd]
It’s not a very grand house. 这房子并不是十分富丽堂皇。
The wedding was a very grand occasion. 婚礼场面非常隆重。
the Grand Canyon 大峡谷 
We stayed at the Grand Hotel. 我们住在格兰酒店。
grand design, grand plan, grand strategy 宏伟的蓝图；宏大的计划；重大的战略思想 
New Yorkers built their city on a grand scale. 纽约人大规模地建造自己的城市。
I had a grand day out at the seaside. 我在海边痛痛快快玩了一天。
It’s not a very grand house. 这房子并不是十分富丽堂皇。
The wedding was a very grand occasion. 婚礼场面非常隆重。
the Grand Canyon 大峡谷 
We stayed at the Grand Hotel. 我们住在格兰酒店。
grand design, grand plan, grand strategy 宏伟的蓝图；宏大的计划；重大的战略思想 
New Yorkers built their city on a grand scale. 纽约人大规模地建造自己的城市。
the Grand Duchess Elena 大公夫人埃琳娜
It’ll cost you five grand! 这要花去你5000块钱！
I had a grand day out at the seaside. 我在海边痛痛快快玩了一天。
Thanks. That’ll be grand! 谢谢。那太棒了！
Fred did a grand job of painting the house. 弗雷德粉刷房子干得很出色。

~ (to do sth) 不够的、不足的、不充分的:
adj. 1（人）没有足够的能力或信心去处理一种情况的。相当于incompetent:
2（事物）不够好的，没有足够能力的:
inadequate |[ɪnˈædɪkwət]
adj. ~ (for sth) 
The food supplies are inadequate to meet the needs of the hungry. 食物供应还不足以应付饥民的需求。
Supplies of food and medicines are inadequate. 食物和药品供应不足。
The problem goes far beyond inadequate staffing. 问题远非人手不足那么简单。
These precautions have been judged inadequate. 这些防范措施被认为不够周全。
His wages were pitifully inadequate for the needs of his growing family. 他工资少得可怜，不够养活添丁增口的家庭。
I felt totally inadequate as a parent. 我觉得我作为父亲（或母亲）完全不称职。
I still feel inadequate, useless and mixed up. 我仍然感到自己能力不够，毫无用处，整个儿一团糟。
He felt painfully inadequate in the crisis. 意识到自己在这场危机中无能为力，他感到很痛苦。
I suddenly felt extremely inadequate as I compared myself to him. 我把自己跟他一比，突然觉得自己根本不称职。
She was inadequate to the demands of the job. 她无法达到这份工作的要求。
The staff seemed not only insensitive, but professionally inadequate. 员工不仅缺乏敏感度，而且也不够专业。
People, despite their intelligence, are curiously inadequate at communicating with horses. 人类虽然很有智慧，但在与马交流方面却出奇地愚笨。
This computer is clearly inadequate for my needs. 这台计算机显然不能满足我的需要。
The helicopters are inadequate to the demands of modern combat. 这些直升机不能满足现代战斗的需求。
The system is inadequate for the tasks it has to perform. 这个系统要完成它的任务还不够完善。

adj. 家喻户晓的；众人皆知的:
My agent told me, 'This'll make your name a household word.' 我的经纪人告诉我:
n. 1 [C] 一家人；住在同一幢房子里的一群人:
2 [sing.] 家；家务:
adj.（用于王室警卫队名称中）皇家的:
household |[ˈhaʊshəʊld;美-hoʊld]
Today, fashion designers are household names. 今天，时装设计师是家喻户晓的人物。
growing up in a male-only household 在一个只有男性的家庭里长大 
Many poor households are experiencing real hardship. 很多贫穷家庭正经历严重的困难。
Most households now own at least one car. 大多数家庭现在至少有一辆汽车。
The head of the household is responsible for completing the form. 户主负责填写表格。
The average household spends more on housing than on food. 一般家庭在住房上的花销多于食物。
rural, urban household 乡村家庭；城市家庭 
poor, wealthy household 贫穷家庭；富裕家庭 
He was a member of the royal household. 他是王室成员。
middle-class, working-class household 中产阶级家庭；工人阶级家庭 
high-income, low-income household 高收入家庭；低收入家庭 
family, married-couple, single-parent, single-person household 家庭；夫妻家庭；单亲家庭；单身家庭 
households headed by a single parent单亲支撑的家庭 
Becoming an adult and setting up a household no longer mean the same thing. 长大成人与成家立室已不再是一回事了。
My husband gave me cash to manage the household, but none of it was ever my own. 丈夫给我钱来持家，但这些钱一毫一厘都不属于我。
household appliance, household contents（尤英）, household furniture, household goods, household item, household product 家用电器；家居财物；家具；家庭用品 
The household contents are covered by a separate insurance policy. 家庭财物上了单独的保险。
household cleaner 家用清洁剂 
household bills, household budget, household debt, household expenditure, household expenses, household income, household savings 家庭账单；家庭预算；家庭债务；家庭开支；家庭开销；家庭收入；家庭储蓄 
household chore, household duties, household task 家务 
household garbage（美）, household rubbish（英）, household trash（美）, household waste 生活垃圾
the Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment 皇家骑兵团

n. 1 [U, C] 官方对某事的批准、授权:
2 [C] 官方的批准书、授权书:
authorization |[ˌɔ:θəraɪˈzeɪʃn;美ˌɔ:θərəˈzeɪʃn]
You may not enter the security area without authorization. 未经批准不得进入警戒地区。
Who gave the authorization to release the data? 谁授权发表这些资料的？
It would certainly be within his power to authorize a police raid like that. 他绝对有权批准那样的一次警方突袭行动。
We are willing to authorize the president to use force if necessary. 我们愿意授权总统在必要的时候使用武力。
formal, official, written authorization 正式许可；官方授权；书面授权 
They secured congressional authorization for a new hydro-electric dam.（congressional authorization指美国的国会的许可）他们获得了国会的许可，修建一座坝式水力发电站。
You will need prior authorization from your bank. 你需要事先得到你的开户银行的许可。
We cannot act without the explicit authorization of the board. 没有董事会的明确许可，我们什么也不能做。
He asked for authorization to proceed with the plan. 他请求批准继续推行这个计划。
The government will probably refuse authorization under these conditions. 在这些情况下政府很可能会拒绝批准。
You cannot take a day off without authorization. 未经批准不得休假。
Formal authorization for the trip was given last week. 这次行程上周得到正式批准。
The change of plan would require authorization from the president. 变更计划需要得到总统的批准。
Can I see your authorization? 我能看你的授权书吗？

An auxiliary is a person who is employed to assist other people in their work. Auxiliaries are often medical workers or members of the armed forces. 助手
Auxiliary staff and troops assist other staff and troops. 后备的
Auxiliary equipment is extra equipment that is available for use when necessary. 备用的
auxiliary |英 [ɔːg'zɪlɪərɪ; ɒg-]  美 [ɔːɡ'zɪlɪəri]| n. 助动词；辅助者，辅助物；附属机构/adj. 辅助的；副的；附加的/
Nursing auxiliaries provide basic care, but are not qualified nurses.助理护士们提供基本护理，但没有护士资格。
The government's first concern was to augment the army and auxiliary forces.政府首要关注的是扩充军队与后备军。
...an auxiliary motor.…一台备用的发动机。


preventing success or development; harmful; unfavourable:
adverse |ˈadvəːs| Adjective/:不利的,负面的
taxes are having an adverse effect on production:taxes对生产有不利影响

adj. 1 描写的:
2 [语言学] 描写性的（描述语言的实际应用而非使用规则）:
descriptive |[dɪˈskrɪptɪv]
the descriptive passages in the novel 小说中的描写性段落 
The passage is purely descriptive. 这段文字纯粹是叙述性的。
his descriptive way of writing 他的描写性写作手法 
The term I used was meant to be purely descriptive (= not judging). 我所用的措辞是纯叙述性的（并非作出判断）。
a highly descriptive account of her journey through Africa 有关她穿越非洲之旅的生动描述 
The terms are descriptive of strong emotion. 这些词语用于描述强烈的情感。

n. 1 [C, U] 表明某人或某事物过去曾存在或出现的一个标记、物体或迹象，如遗迹、痕迹、踪迹:
2 [sing.] sink without (a) ~（某人或某事物）迅速销声匿迹、迅速沉寂:
vt.（用手指或脚尖等在表面上）绘出、勾勒出某事物的外形或轮廓:
n. [C] ~ of sth 某事物的极少量:
vt. ~ sb/sth (to sth) 通过仔细寻找而找到某人或某事物:
vt. ~ sth (back) (to sth) 寻找某事物的起源或原因:
n. [C] [术语] 机器获取信息后，在纸上或屏幕上显示的一条线或一个图形:
vt. 描述（事物的过程或发展）:
n. [C, usually pl.] 用于把马和其所拉的车拴在一起的两根皮质长绳子之一:
vt. ~ sb/sth (to sth) 通过仔细寻找而找到某人或某事物:
vt. ~ sth (back) (to sth) 寻找某事物的起源或原因:
vt. ~ sth (out) 在一个表面上画线:
vt.（用手指或脚尖等在表面上）绘出、勾勒出某事物的外形或轮廓:
vt.（把一张透明的纸覆盖在地图或图画上，然后）在透明的纸上复制或描摹地图或图画:
trace |[treɪs][treɪs]
archaeological, historical trace 考古遗迹；历史遗迹 
indelible, permanent trace 抹不掉的印记；永久的印记 
memory trace（术语）记忆痕迹 
It's exciting to discover traces of earlier civilizations. 发现以前文明的遗迹，真令人兴奋。
The local church has traces of fifteenth-century frescoes. 当地教堂仍留有 15 世纪壁画的遗迹。
Little trace is left of how Stone Age people lived. 石器时代人类的生活状况几乎无迹可寻。
Traces still remain of the old brewery. 老酒厂仍然有迹可寻。
There's been no trace of my aunt and uncle. 没有我姑姑、姑夫的踪迹。
Police searched the area but found no trace of the escaped prisoners. 警方搜索了那一地区，但未发现越狱逃犯的任何踪迹。
e burglar had left several traces of his presence. 窃贼在现场留下了几处痕迹。
The search party had found no trace of the missing climbers. 搜救队没有找到失踪登山者的踪迹。
Remove all traces of rust with a small wire brush. 用小钢丝刷擦去所有锈迹。
Years of living in England had eliminated all trace of her American accent. 她因多年居住在英国，美国口音已荡然无存。
‘No thanks,’ she said, with a trace of irritation in her voice. “不，谢了。”她说，声音里带着一丝恼怒。
without trace（英）, without a trace 无影无踪 
The plane was lost without a trace over the Atlantic. 飞机在飞越大西洋上空时消失得无影无踪。
The ship had vanished without (a) trace. 那艘船消失得无影无踪。
The ship seems to have sunk without trace. 那艘船似乎已经沉没，无迹可寻。
The Social Democratic Party has sunk without trace at these elections. 社会民主党在这些选举中已销声匿迹。
Pop groups are like Olympic swimmers — they hit gold once, then they sink without trace. 流行乐队就像奥林匹克游泳选手——拿到一次金牌后就无声无息了。
He traced the route on the map. 他在地图上勾画出了路线。
I traced the course of the river on the map. 我在地图上勾勒出这条河的流向。
She lightly traced the outline of his face with her finger. 她轻轻地用手指去感觉他脸的轮廓。
A tear traced a path down her cheek. 一滴眼泪沿着她的面颊流了下来。          
trace amount 微量 
trace element, trace gas, trace metal, trace mineral 微量元素；微量气体；微量金属；微量矿物 
Seaweed is rich in vitamins and trace elements. 海藻含有丰富的维生素和微量元素。
The post-mortem revealed traces of poison in his stomach. 验尸发现他胃中有微量毒物。
The water was found to contain traces of cocaine. 发现水里含有微量可卡因。
Wash them in cold water to remove all traces of sand. 用冷水冲洗它们以清除所有的沙子。
He took great pains to write on his subject without a trace of sensationalism. 他尽力不带一丝哗众取宠的色彩来写作他的题材。
There was not the faintest trace of irony in her voice. 她的声音里没有一丁点儿的讽刺意味。
She spoke without a trace of bitterness. 她说话时一点儿也不伤感。
a trace of amusement, a trace of anxiety, a trace of a smile 有点儿觉得好笑；有一丝忧虑；有一缕微笑
We finally traced him to an address in Chicago. 我们终于追查到他在芝加哥的一个地址。
Police are anxious to trace two men seen leaving the house just before 8am. 早上将近8点时有人看到两名男子离开那所房子，警方急于找到他们。
Police have been unable to trace her movements during her final days. 警方无法追踪到她最后几天的行程。
The stolen paintings have been successfully traced to a London warehouse. 失窃的画已成功地在伦敦的一个仓库中找到。
We are currently trying to trace the whereabouts of certain sums of money. 我们目前正试图找到某些钱款的下落。
She could trace her family tree back to the 16th century. 她能把本族家谱追溯到16世纪。
The exhibition traces the history of graphic design in America from the 19th century to the present. 展览追溯了美国从19世纪至今的平面设计历史。
Words have over the centuries acquired meanings not easily traced in dictionaries. 经过了数百年，词语的有些含义在词典里已难以查到来源。
The origins of the custom are difficult to trace. 很难追溯这种风俗的起源。
I first went there to trace my roots, visiting my mum's home island of Jamaica. 我最初到那里是为了寻根，探访我妈妈的故乡牙买加岛。
The leak was eventually traced to a broken seal. 最后查出泄漏是由于密封处破裂所致。
The police traced the call (= used special electronic equipment to find out who made the telephone call) to her ex-husband's number. 警方用追踪装置查出是她前夫的电话号码打出的电话。
The trace showed a normal heart rhythm. 描记图表明心率正常。
Her book traces the town's history from Saxon times to the present day. 她的书描述的是这个市镇从撒克逊时代到现在的历史。
Police are anxious to trace two men seen leaving the house just before 8am. 早上将近8点时有人看到两名男子离开那所房子，警方急于找到他们。
Police have been unable to trace her movements during her final days. 警方无法追踪到她最后几天的行程。
The police traced the call (= used special electronic equipment to find out who made the telephone call) to her ex-husband's number. 警方用追踪装置查出是她前夫的电话号码打出的电话。
She traced a line in the sand. 她在沙地上画了一条线。
He traced the route on the map. 他在地图上勾画出了路线。
I traced the course of the river on the map. 我在地图上勾勒出这条河的流向。
She lightly traced the outline of his face with her finger. 她轻轻地用手指去感觉他脸的轮廓。
A tear traced a path down her cheek. 一滴眼泪沿着她的面颊流了下来。
She learned to draw by tracing pictures out of old storybooks. 她通过描摹旧故事书上的图画学会了画画。

If something such as someone's skin has a bloom, it has a fresh and healthy appearance. 红润
If someone or something blooms, they develop good, attractive, or successful qualities. 蓬勃发展
When a plant or tree blooms, it produces flowers. When a flower blooms, it opens. 开花; (花) 开
A plant or tree that is in bloom has flowers on it. 开花
A bloom is the flower on a plant. 花
bloom |英 [bluːm]  美 [blum]| n. 花；青春；旺盛/vt. 使开花；使茂盛/vi. 开花；茂盛/n. (Bloom)人名；(瑞典、西)布洛姆；(英)布卢姆/
The skin loses its youthful bloom.皮肤失去了年轻时的红润。
Not many economies bloomed in 1990, least of all gold exporters like Australia.没有几个国家的经济在1990年蓬勃发展，尤其是像澳大利亚这样的金矿出口国。
This plant blooms between May and June.这种植物在五六月间开花。
...a pink climbing rose in full bloom.…一朵盛开的粉色攀缘玫瑰。
The sweet fragrance of the white blooms makes this climber a favourite.白色花朵散发出的甜香使这株藤蔓成了宠儿。


vt.＆vi. 在一番仔细考量之后对某事物的数量、价值、品质所给出的观点，即评估，评价。词义相当于assess，且二者都极为常用。但evaluate相对正式，且assess仅为及物动词:
evaluate |[ɪ'væljueɪt]
to evaluate the safety of the new drug 评估这种新药的安全性 
The evidence should be carefully evaluated. 这项证据应当仔细地鉴定。
These probabilities can be evaluated empirically. 这些可能性可以通过实验加以验证。
criteria used to evaluate employees’ performance 员工业绩评定标准

A humanistic idea, condition, or practice relates to humanism. 人文主义的
humanistic |英 [,hjuːmə'nɪstɪk]  美 [,hjʊmən'ɪstɪk]| adj. 人文主义的；人道主义的/
Religious values can often differ greatly from humanistic morals.宗教价值观常常和人文主义道德观相去甚远。

