brilliant					明亮的，鲜艳的，杰出的，极好的
redefine					重新定义
arm						臂，军种，武装
intensely					极度的，非常
desperate					绝望的，极渴望的，极严重的
sexism					性别歧视
bruise					青肿，伤害
prominent					重要的，著名的，显眼的
comprehensive				全面的，综合性的，绝对的
forecast					天气预报，预测
champion					冠军，提倡者
specification				明确说明，规格，要求
layout					排版，布局
rally						集会，回升，召集
romantic					浪漫的，情爱的
deviate					偏离
insufficient				不足的，不充分的
boost						促进，宣传，增加
scandal					丑事，愤慨，流言蜚语
confine					禁闭，限制，
confines					界限，限制
confine oneself				将自己局限于某事
conspicuous				显眼的，显著的
significant				重要的，有意义的
fresh						新的，精力充沛的，洁净的，无礼的
fresh-					刚
indulge					纵容，满足，沉溺
indulge oneself				尽情享受
instinctively				本能的
complement					补充的东西，足额，补充
content					满意的，满足，内容
squalor					极其肮脏
fatigue					疲劳，制服
awesome					令人惊叹的
\\\\\\\\

adj. 非常成功的:
adj.（光线）非常明亮的:
adj. 鲜艳的:
adj. 非常聪明的，或技艺高超的:
adj. 1 极其巧妙的，或使人印象极其深刻的:
2 [英，非正式] 非常好的，杰出的，出色的:
brilliant |['brɪljənt]
a brilliant career 一帆风顺的职业生涯 
The play was a brilliant success. 那出剧获得了巨大成功。
brilliant sunshine 明媚的阳光 
brilliant blue eyes 湛蓝的眼睛
a brilliant young scientist 一位才华横溢的青年科学家 
Her performance was technically brilliant but lack feeling. 她的表演技艺精湛但缺乏感情。
He’s brilliant at chess. 他下国际象棋很有才华。
brilliant idea, brilliant performance, brilliant invention 绝妙的主意；出色的表演；杰出的发明 
Winning that race was just brilliant.（尤英）赢得那场比赛真是太棒了。
‘How was it?’ ‘Brilliant!’ “怎么样？”“棒极了！”
Thanks. You’ve been brilliant (= very helpful). 多谢。您可帮大忙了。

If you redefine something, you cause people to consider it in a new way. 重新定义
redefine |英 [riːdɪ'faɪn]  美 [,ridɪ'faɪn]| vt. 重新定义/
Feminists have redefined the role of women.女权主义者们已重新定义了女性角色。


n. [C] 常用单数，arm (of sth) 大机构中，处理某一事务的一个部门，强调各部门的功能，相当于wing:
vt. 为某人提供在某一情况下有用的东西，即用…装备:
n. [C] 椅子的扶手:
n. [C] 衣服的袖子，相当于sleeve:
n. [C] 与一片较大的水体相连接的一片狭长的水体:
n. [C] 与一片较大的陆地相连接的一片狭长的陆地:
n. [C]（尤指可以移动的）臂状物体或机器部件:
n. [C] 臂，胳膊:
vt. 使爆炸装置（如炸弹、导弹等）处于准备爆炸的状态，不太常用:
n. [C] 复数名词arms可表示武器，尤指枪、炸弹等，为正式用法。还可指武器的总称，即军火，军备:
vt. 使炸弹等准备爆炸:
vt.＆vi. arm yourself/sb (with sth) 提供武器以打仗，即武装:
arm |[ɑːm]
the research arm of the company 公司的研究部门
to arm our brains with knowledge 用知识武装我们的头脑
He gripped the arms of the chair. 他抓紧了那把椅子的一对扶手。
a coat with short arms 一件短袖外套
A small bridge spans the arm of the river. 一座小桥横跨河湾。
a lever arm of the machine. 该机器的一个杠杆臂
powerful arm 有力的胳膊 
arm muscle 臂部肌肉 
The child lay in its mother’s arms. 孩子躺在母亲的怀里。
She carried the dog under one arm. 她把小狗夹在腋下。
strategic arms 战略武器 
an arms race 军备竞赛 
The men armed themselves with sticks and stones. 这些人以棍棒和石块作为武器。
The country was arming against the enemy. 这个国家正在备战迎击敌人。
She had armed herself for the meeting with all the latest statistics.（比喻用法）为了这次会议，她准备了所有最新统计资料。

 By 2011 debris in the center of the ring, which is about a light-year in diameter, was blazing more intensely as the supernova entered a new stage of stellar demise.  到2011年为止，因为这个超新星进入了星球消亡的新阶段，所以这环物质中心直径大约是一光年的碎片燃烧的更加强烈了。
 Sun-dried tomatoes are intensely flavored and can be added to sauces, salads, or soups. Available dried or in oil.  晒干的西红柿有强烈的香味，可以添加到酱油、沙拉或汤中。晒干或者放到油里都行。
 I do not feel it intensely in my genitals alone, but I do feel it there as well as the rest of my body and…in my mouth…”.  使用男性阳具我都没有这种强烈的感觉，但是在那里及身体的其他部位..还有嘴巴..我却感觉到了。
intensely |英/美 [in'tensli]| adv. 强烈地；紧张地；热情地/



desperate (to do sth) 通常不用于名词前，非常需要（或想要）某东西的:
adj. 1 感到（或流露出）绝望并准备不惜冒险去做任何事的，即不顾一切的，拼命的:
2 常用于名词前，（行为）对成功不抱希望的；其他均已失败后再去进行尝试的。即绝望的，孤注一掷的，铤而走险的:
adj.（一种情况）极其严重的，或极其危险的:
desperate |['despərɪt]
adj. desperate (for sth) 
He was so desperate for a job he would have done anything. 他当时太想找份工作了，什么事都愿意干。
I was absolutely desperate to see her. 我极想见到她。
a desperate man 走投无路的男人 
She felt utterly desperate. 她彻底绝望了。
Stores are getting desperate after two years of poor sales. 两年来销路不畅，商店不惜冒起险来。
a desperate bid for freedom 孤注一掷争取自由的努力 
desperate measures 铤而走险的措施 
Doctors were fighting a desperate battle to save the little girl’s life. 医生们不惜一切地奋力抢救小女孩的生命。
I heard sounds of a desperate struggle in the next room. 我听到隔壁房间里有拼命挣扎的声音。
She clung to the edge in a desperate attempt to save herself. 为了活命，她拼命抓住边缘。
The children are in desperate need of love and attention. 这些孩子非常需要爱心和关怀。
a desperate shortage of clean water 洁净水的严重短缺

n. [U]（尤指对女性的）性别歧视、性别偏见:
sexism |[ˈseksɪzəm]
legislation designed to combat sexism in the work place 旨在抵制工作场所的性别歧视的法规 
a study of sexism in language 对语言中存在的性别歧视的研究 
Groups like ours are committed to eradicating homophobia, racism and sexism. 一些像我们这样的团体致力于消除对同性恋的憎恶、种族歧视和性别歧视。
She was shocked by his blatant sexism. 她对他露骨的性别偏见感到震惊。
Sexism is rampant in many institutions. 许多机构中的性别歧视现象很普遍。

vt.&vi.（使）（蔬菜、水果或植物）碰伤:
n. [C] 水果或蔬菜的碰伤、伤痕:
vt. [常用被动式] 打击或挫伤某人，使其不悦或信心减低:
vt.&vi.（使）出现青肿或瘀伤:
n. [C] 某人摔倒、跌落或被撞击之后在皮肤上留下的蓝色、灰色或紫色标记，即青肿、瘀伤:
bruise |[bru:z]
Choose a warm, dry day to cut them off the plants, being careful not to bruise them. 选一个干燥暖和的日子把它们从植株上割下来，注意不要碰伤它们。
bruised tomatoes and cucumbers 被碰伤的西红柿和黄瓜 
Strawberries bruise easily. 草莓容易损伤。
They had been badly bruised by the defeat. 失败使他们的自信心大为受挫。
The government will be severely bruised by yesterday's events. 昨天的事件将会让政府严重受挫。
Their egos are so easily bruised. 他们的自尊心很容易受到伤害。
She had slipped and badly bruised her face. 她滑了一跤，摔得鼻青脸肿。
I had only bruised my knee. 我只是把膝盖给碰伤了。
Some people bruise more easily than others. 有些人比其他人更容易被碰伤。
She has delicate skin and bruises easily. 她的皮肤娇嫩，很容易碰伤。
The side of his face was all bruised. 他的一边脸满是淤青。
When the assault was over, Jack stook up, battered and bruised. 遭遇袭击后，杰克站起身，伤痕累累 
to be covered in bruises 浑身青肿 
How did you get that bruise on your cheek? 你脸上的淤伤是怎么搞的？
She suffered only minor cuts and bruises. 她只是受了点儿轻微的割伤和挫伤。
A bruise had formed below his left eye. 他左眼下出现青肿。

adj.（某人）重要的；著名的；杰出的:
adj.（某事物）容易被看到的，如显眼的、显著的:
adj. 从某事物中突出来的:
adj.（某人）重要的:
prominent |[ˈprɒmɪnənt;美ˈprɑ:m-][ˈprɒmɪnənt;美ˈprɑ:m-]
a prominent politician 杰出的政治家 
He played a prominent part in the campaign. 他在这次运动中发挥了重要作用。
She was prominent in the fashion industry. 她曾在时装界名噪一时。
a prominent member of the Law Society 法律协会的重要成员 
the children of very prominent or successful parents 杰出或成功人士的孩子 
prominent as a player and coach作为运动员和教练知名的 
prominent in the trade unions 在各工会之间声名显赫
The church tower was a prominent feature in the landscape. 教堂的尖塔曾经是此地景观的重要特色。
Here the window plays a prominent part in the design. 这里窗户在设计中起着非常重要的作用。
The story was given a prominent position on the front page. 这则报道刊登在头版的显著位置。
Romania's most prominent independent newspaper 罗马尼亚最著名的独立报纸
a prominent nose 高鼻子 
prominent cheekbones 突出的颧骨
He played a prominent part in the campaign. 他在这次运动中发挥了重要作用。
a prominent member of the Law Society 法律协会的重要成员

adj. 包含可能涉及的全部（或几乎全部）事项、细节、事实、信息等的，如详尽的、全面的:
n. [C]（也可用comprehensive school）（也可用非正式的comp）（英国为各种资质的学生设立的）综合中学:
adj. [英]（教育）接收各种资质的学生的，即综合性的:
comprehensive |[ˌkɒmprɪˈhensɪv;美ˌkɑ:m-]
a comprehensive list of addresses 详尽的地址目录 
The list is fairly comprehensive. 这份清单相当全面。
The Rough Guide to Nepal is a comprehensive guide to the region. 《尼泊尔概况》是一本全面介绍该地区的旅游指南。
a comprehensive study 全面的研究 
comprehensive insurance (= covering all risks) 综合保险           
Birmingham's inner-city comprehensives 伯明翰旧城区的综合中学 
She taught French at Cheam Comprehensive in South London. 她在伦敦南部的奇姆综合中学教法语。

n. [C]（基于现有的信息对未来将要发生的事所进行的）预测:
vt. 基于现有的信息对未来将要发生的事进行预测，类似于predict:
forecast |['fɔ:kɑːst]
economic, financial, market, weather forecast 经济预测；财务预测；市场预测；天气预报 
The interest rate is in line with the forecast. 利率与预测的结果一致。
Experts are forecasting a recovery in the economy. 专家预测经济将复苏。
The report forecasts that prices will rise by 3% next month. 报告预测下月物价将上涨3%。
Snow is forecast for tomorrow. 预报明天有雪。

vt. 为…而斗争；捍卫；声援:
n. [C] champion (of sth)（人、事业、原则、信仰等的）拥护者，捍卫者:
n. [C]（比赛中的）冠军。获得冠军的一个人或动物:
champion |['tʃæmpɪən]
to champion the poor 为穷人发声 
to champion the human rights 为人权而战
a champion of the oppressed 被压迫者的捍卫者
defending, past champion 卫冕冠军；往届冠军 
a world champion 世界冠军 
the Olympic skating champion 奥林匹克滑冰冠军 
a champion fighter 获得冠军的拳击手

n. [C, U] 某事物的详细说明书（说明某事物如何被设计或制作），如规格:
n. [C, U] 对规格提出的具体要求:
specification |[ˌspesɪfɪˈkeɪʃn]
the technical specifications of the new model (= of car) 新型号的技术规格 
The house has been built exactly to our specifications. 房子完全是按照我们的工程设计书建造的。
Each vehicle can be equipped according to your specifications.每一辆车都可以按照您的具体要求来配置。
The office was furnished to a high specification. 办公室是按高规格装潢的。
The yachts are built to the highest specifications. 这些快艇是按照最高规格建造的。
Troll's exclusive, personalized luggage is made to our own exacting specifications in heavy-duty PVC/nylon. 特罗尔专用的、个性化的行李箱是按照我们自己严格的规格要求用耐用聚氯乙烯/尼龙材料定制的。
Legislation will require UK petrol companies to meet an EU specification for petrol. 法规将要求英国的汽油公司必须达到欧盟对汽油的规格要求。
design, performance, product, technical specification 设计规格；性能规格；产品规格；技术规格 
customer specification 客户具体要求 
contract, job specification（均尤英）合同细则；职务细则 
The manager has drafted job specifications for each of the positions. 经理拟就了各个工作岗位的职务细则。
The prototype has the same basic specifications.原型的基本规格相同。
The aircraft have to meet the strict specifications laid down by the FAA. 航空器必须符合联邦航空局制定的严格规范。
Each vehicle can be equipped according to your specifications.每一辆车都可以按照您的具体要求来配置。
The office was furnished to a high specification. 办公室是按高规格装潢的。
The yachts are built to the highest specifications. 这些快艇是按照最高规格建造的。
Troll's exclusive, personalized luggage is made to our own exacting specifications in heavy-duty PVC/nylon. 特罗尔专用的、个性化的行李箱是按照我们自己严格的规格要求用耐用聚氯乙烯/尼龙材料定制的。
Legislation will require UK petrol companies to meet an EU specification for petrol. 法规将要求英国的汽油公司必须达到欧盟对汽油的规格要求。
customer specification 客户具体要求 
The aircraft have to meet the strict specifications laid down by the FAA. 航空器必须符合联邦航空局制定的严格规范。

n. [usually sing.]（书页、花园、建筑、街道等的）布局、布置、设计、安排:
layout |[ˈleɪaʊt]
Before designing the house we planned the basic layout of the rooms. 在设计这座房子之前我们先规划了房间的基本布局。
spatial layout 空间布局 | interior, internal layout 内部设计 
text layout 文本布局 
page layout software 版面设计软件 
road（美）, street 道路规划；街道布局 
the magazine's attractive new page layout 杂志诱人而新颖的版面设计 
He tried to recall the layout of the farmhouse. 他努力回想农舍的布局。
This boat has a good deck layout making everything easy to operate. 这艘船的甲板布局合理，使得所有操控都很方便。          

vt.&vi. ~ (sb/sth) (around/behind/to sb/sth) 集合（或把人们召集起来）以帮助或支持某人或某事物:
vi. [金融]（尤指股票价格或一国的货币）价值跌后回升:
n. [sing.]（在证券交易中）止跌回升:
vi. 在一段时间的疾病、虚弱等状态之后变得更健康、更强壮等:
n. [C] [英]（汽车、摩托车等在公共道路上举行的）拉力赛:
n. [C]（在网球、羽毛球、壁球等类似运动项目中）（争夺一分的）一系列拍击:
n. [C] 大型公众集会，尤指支持某个思想或政党的大型公众集会:
n. [sing.]（在体育运动）状态回升:
vi. 在一段时间的虚弱状态之后变得更好:
rally |[ˈræli]
Everyone rallied around and offered to help. 大家团结在一起，都主动帮忙。
The team captain vainly tried to rally his troops. 队长试图把队伍团结起来，但没有成功。
Friends rallied to her. 朋友们都团结起来支持她。
Friends and colleagues have rallied to her cause. 朋友和同事们联合起来支持她的事业。
We were at war and everyone was rallying around the flag. 我们当时正处于战争时期，大家都团结一心，同仇敌忾。
He rallied his own supporters for a fight. 他把自己的拥护者召集起来准备斗争。
She urged everyone to rally behind the president. 她敦促大家团结起来做总统的后盾。
The cabinet rallied behind the Prime Minister. 内阁团结一致支持首相。
Many national newspapers rallied to his support. 许多全国性报纸一致对他表示支持。
They have rallied a great deal of support for their campaign. 他们为竞选活动征得了大量的支持。
His supporters have rallied to his defence. 他的拥护者团结起来为他辩护。
BBC leaders rallied to his defence. 英国广播公司的领导们合力为他辩护。   
The company's shares had rallied slightly by the close of trading. 这家公司的股票价格在收盘前略有回升。
The pound rallied against the dollar. 英镑对美元的比值回升了。
a rally in shares on the stock market 证券市场股票的止跌回升 
the recent rally in the Treasury market（美国）国债市场最近的价格回稳 
bear-market, market, stock-market rally（均为商业用语）熊市反弹；市场回稳；股市反弹 
The US dollar is now ending its bear-market rally. 美元的熊市反弹已近尾声。
dollar rally 美元的价格反弹           
He never really rallied after the operation. 手术后，他根本没有真正康复。
He rallied enough to thank his doctors. 他身体好得差不多了，于是去感谢他的医生。          
club, international rally 俱乐部公路汽车赛；国际汽车拉力赛 
motor, motorcycle rally 汽车拉力赛；摩托车拉力赛 
the Monte Carlo rally 蒙特卡洛汽车拉力赛 
Carlos Sainz of Spain has won the New Zealand Motor Rally. 西班牙人卡洛斯·赛恩斯在新西兰摩托车公路大赛中夺冠。
rally circuit 赛车路线 
rally driver, rally driving 公路赛车手；公路赛车 
He will join the team on the rally next week. 他将加入该队，参加下星期的汽车拉力赛。
long, short rally 长时间的连续对打；短时间的对打 
an exciting rally 激动人心的对打 
to play the rally 展开对打 
to win the rally 在对打中取胜
big, huge, large, major, mass, massive rally 大型集会；重要集会；群众集会；盛大集会 
public rally 公众集会 
indoor rally 室内集会 
a massive outdoor rally in Paris 巴黎的一次大规模户外集会 
pep rally（美）赛前动员会 
a pep rally before the homecoming game 返校节比赛前的动员会 
campaign（尤美）, election（尤英）, political rally 竞选集会；选举集会；政治集会 
opposition, protest rally 反对派集会；抗议集会 
peace rally 和平集会 
anti-government, anti-war rally 反政府集会；反战集会 
pro-government, pro-war rally 支持政府的集会；支持战争的集会 
The demonstrators marched to Trafalgar Square where they held a rally. 示威者游行到特拉法尔加广场举行集会。
About 5,000 people attended a rally calling for peace. 约有5,000人参加了呼吁和平的集会。
The government closed the schools and banned all rallies. 政府关闭了学校，并禁止了一切集会。
a rally calling for a boycott of the January elections 呼吁联合抵制一月份大选的集会 
She spoke at a public rally in Hyde Park. 她在海德公园的一次公众集会上讲了话。
a mass rally against the treaty 反对该条约的群众集会 
a rally for the winning candidate 为获胜候选人举行的集会 
a rally in support of the strike 支持罢工的集会 
About three thousand people held a rally to mark international human rights day. 大约3,000人举行了一场大会来庆祝国际人权日。
Supporters of the policy are reported to be gathering in Delhi for a mass rally. 有报道说这项政策的拥护者要齐聚德里召开群众集会。
The rally dispersed peacefully after six hours. 集会在六小时后和平解散。
After a furious late rally, they finally scored. 他们后来状态恢复迅速，终于得分了。
The visiting team staged a late rally. 客队在晚些时候状态有所好转。
Markets began to rally worldwide. 世界各地的市场开始复苏。
The champion rallied to win the second set 6–3. 冠军选手振作精神，以6:3赢下第二局。

adj.（观点等）富于幻想而不切实际的:
n. [C] 耽于幻想的一个人:
n. [C] 充满浪漫幻想或感情的一个人:
adj. 1（人）浪漫的，富于浪漫气息的，有情调的:
2（戏剧、电影或故事）关于爱情的，浪漫的:
adj. 性爱的；和性爱有关的:
adj. [常用于名词前] Romantic可指浪漫主义的，浪漫主义风格的（尤用以描述18、19世纪的文学、音乐或艺术，以情感强烈、想象和回归自然为特征）:
n. [C] Romantic可指浪漫主义作家（或音乐家、艺术家）:
adj.（事物或场合）美妙的、富有浪漫情调的、充满浪漫气息的:
romantic |[rəʊˈmæntɪk;美roʊ-]
a romantic view of life 对于生活的不切实际的想法 
He has a romantic view of rural society. 他对农村的看法不切实际。
When I was younger, I had romantic ideas of becoming a writer. 我年轻一些的时候幻想过要成为一名作家。
I don't have any romantic notions about having a baby. It's a really tough job. 我对生孩子并没有抱任何幻想。这的确是件很不容易的事情。
highly romantic notions of marriage 对于婚姻非常浪漫的想法
an incurable romantic 摆脱不了不切实际的幻想的人 
He was a romantic at heart and longed for adventure. 他骨子里是一位浪漫的人，渴望历险。
Why don't you ever give me flowers? I wish you'd be more romantic. 你为什么从来不给我送花？我真希望你能浪漫一点。
When we're together, all he talks about is business. I wish he were more romantic. 我们在一起的时候，他总是谈论生意。我希望他能更浪漫一点。
They enjoyed a romantic dinner for two at one of their favourite restaurants. 他俩在他们最喜欢的一家餐馆里吃了一顿浪漫的二人晚餐。
You're getting very romantic in your old age! 你真是越老越浪漫！
romantic stories, romantic novel, romantic fiction 言情故事；言情小说 
It is a lovely romantic comedy, well worth seeing. 这是一部温馨的爱情喜剧，非常值得一看。          
I'm not interested in a romantic relationship. 我对谈情说爱不感兴趣。
his early romantic experiences 他早期的性爱经历 
He was not interested in a romantic relationship with Ingrid. 他并没有兴趣和英格丽德发生性关系。
the Romantic movement 浪漫主义运动 
Keats is one of the greatest Romantic poets. 济慈是最伟大的浪漫主义诗人之一。
romantic music 富有情调的音乐 
a romantic candlelit dinner 浪漫的烛光晚餐 
romantic mountain scenery 美妙的山区风光 
Seacliff House is one of the most romantic ruins in Scotland. 海崖城堡是苏格兰最富有浪漫色彩的遗迹之一。
romantic images from travel brochures 旅行手册上充满浪漫色彩的图片

vi. ~ (from sth) 背离；违背:
vi. ~ (from sth) 偏离；背离；违背:
deviate |[ˈdi:vieɪt]
He never deviated from his original plan. 他从未偏离自己最初的计划。
The bus had to deviate from its usual route because of a road closure. 因为道路封闭，公共汽车只得绕道而行。
They stopped you as soon as you deviated from the script. 一旦你偏离了剧本的内容，他们就会喊停。
He planned his schedule far in advance, and he didn't deviate from it. 他提前很早就制订出了自己的进度表，然后从未偏离过它。
He never deviated from his original plan. 他从未偏离自己最初的计划。
We had to deviate significantly from our usual route. 我们不得不大大偏离我们通常走的路线。
Output may deviate from the average by as much as 30%. 产量偏离平均水平可高达30%。

~ (for sth)（数量或程度）对于某一目的来说不够的、不足的:
insufficient |[ˌɪnsəˈfɪʃnt]
adj. ~ (to do sth) 
insufficient time 时间不够 
His salary is insufficient to meet his needs. 他的薪水不够应付需要。
The resources available are quite insufficient for the task. 现有的资源根本不足以完成这一任务。
He decided there was insufficient evidence to justify criminal proceedings. 他认定证据不充分无法提起刑事诉讼。
These efforts were insufficient to contain the burgeoning crisis. 这些努力不足以抑制迅速扩散的危机。

vt. 帮助…的发展:
vt. 使…增加:
n. 1 [usually sing.] 增长:
2 [usually sing.] 发动机或电器设备的功率增大:
vt. 提高信心或士气:
n. 1 [usually sing.] 对人的精神起帮助或激励作用的事物:
2 [usually sing.] 对经济起帮助或激励作用的事物:
n. [usually sing.] [尤美] 从后面的向上一推或一举:
vt. 帮助或促进…的发展:
vt. [美，非正式，正变得过时] 偷窃:
boost |[bu:st]
The movie helped boost her screen career. 那部电影有助于她的银幕生涯的发展。
to boost exports, to boost profits 增加出口；提高利润 
The move is designed to boost sales during the peak booking months of January and February. 这一举措旨在增加1月和2月预订高峰期的销售量。
The total was boosted to nearly £200 by donations from parents. 家长捐款使总金额提高到将近200英镑。
a boost in car sales 汽车销售额的增长 
Getting that job did a lot to boost his ego (= make him feel more confident). 得到那份工作使他信心倍增。
We need a big win to boost our confidence. 我们需要大胜一场来增强信心。
Do what you can to give her confidence and boost her morale. 尽你所能让她树立信心，提高士气。
confidence, ego, morale, psychological boost 对信心的激励；对自尊心的提升；士气的鼓舞；心理上的激励 
energy, performance boost 精力的提升；性能的提升 
Winning the competition was a wonderful boost for her morale. 赢得了那场比赛使她士气大振。
The tax cuts will give a much-needed boost to the economy. 减税将给经济带来迫切需要的推动力。
The Olympics provided a boost for Chinese products. 奥运会刺激了中国产品的销售。
a big boost in exports 出口的激增 
financial boost 财务上的支持
He gave her a boost over the fence. 他推了她一把，帮她翻过围墙。
The movie helped boost her screen career. 那部电影有助于她的银幕生涯的发展。
It wants the government to take action to boost the economy. 它希望政府采取行动促进经济发展。

n. [sing.] ~ (that…) 可耻的、不可接受、令人气愤的行为、态度等:
n. 1 [C, U]（让公众震惊或愤怒的）道德或法律上的丑行或丑事，常翻译为“丑闻”:
2 [U] 对于丑行的谈论、传言或报道，即丑闻:
scandal |[ˈskændl]
It is a scandal that such a large town has no orchestra. 这么大一座城市，竟然没有一支管弦乐队，真是说不过去。
It is a scandal that a person can be stopped for no reason by the police. 警察能无缘无故拦人，这真是令人愤慨的行径。
The real scandal is that nothing has been done to make sure it doesn't happen again. 真正可恨的是，没有采取任何措施确保此类事件不再发生。
abuse, accounting, bribery, corporate, corruption, doping, drug（尤美）, drugs（尤英）, financial, political, sex, sexual scandal 虐待丑闻；会计造假丑闻；贿赂丑闻；公司丑闻；腐败丑闻；兴奋剂丑闻；毒品丑闻；金融丑闻；政治丑闻；性丑闻 
sex-abuse scandal 性虐待丑闻 
the prisoner-abuse scandal 虐囚丑闻 
a series of sex scandals 一系列性丑闻 
There have been calls for the resignation of the official involved in the sex scandal. 有呼声要求卷入性丑闻的官员辞职。
There has been no hint of scandal during his time in office. 他在任期间没有任何丑闻。
The scandal broke (= became known to the public) in May. 这桩丑闻是在五月份曝光的。
The scandal broke on the front pages of all the papers the next day. 第二天所有报纸的头版都披露了这一丑闻。
financial scandals surrounding the government 困扰政府的金融丑闻 
scandal sheet (= a newspaper that publishes stories intended to shock the public) 刊登丑闻的小报 
He was imprisoned for his part in the bribery scandal. 他因牵涉贿赂丑闻而入狱。
The apartment was paid for by the bank at the centre of the scandal. 这套公寓是由身处丑闻中心的那家银行付款购买的。
Until the story was published there had been no hint of scandal. 这宗丑闻在公开报道之前没有露出半点儿迹象。
In the wake of recent accounting scandals, new cases have come to light. 继最近几宗会计丑闻之后，又有新案件曝光。
to spread scandal 散布丑闻 
newspapers full of scandal 充斥丑闻的报纸 
He loved gossip and scandal. 他喜欢说三道四，散布谣言。
These mothers often abandoned their children because of fear of scandal. 这些母亲经常会因为害怕流言蜚语而抛弃自己的孩子。

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb/sth (in sth) 关押在一个小的（或封闭的）空间:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb/sth to sth 使某人或某事物限定在某个活动领域、主题、区域等，即限制、限定。相当于restrict:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb/sth (in sth) 将一个人或动物限制在一个小的（或封闭的）空间:
vt. be confined to bed, a wheelchair, etc. 使离不开（或受困于床、轮椅等）:
confine |[kənˈfaɪn]
The soldiers concerned were confined to barracks (= had to stay in the barracks, as a punishment). 有关的士兵已受到不得离开营房的禁闭处分。
He announced that the army and police had been confined to barracks. 他通告说军队和警察已经被禁闭在营房中不得外出。
Condemned prisoners are typically confined to small cells for 23 hours a day. 死刑犯通常一天有23小时被关押在很小的牢房里。
The discussion will be confined largely to general principles. 讨论主要局限于整体原则。
They confined themselves to purely economic matters. 他们将自己局限于纯粹的经济问题上。Let's confine our attention to the problem of illegal drugs. 让我们把注意力集中在违禁药物的间题上。
He did not confine himself to the one language. 他没把自己局限于这一门语言。
Yoko had largely confined her activities to the world of big business. 洋子主要是做大生意。
I will confine myself to looking at the period from 1900 to 1916. 我将把自己考察的范围限定在1900年至1916年这段时间以内。
The US will soon be taking steps to confine the conflict. 美国很快就会采取措施限制冲突。
Health officials have successfully confined the epidemic to the Tabatinga area. 卫生官员成功地将疫情控制在塔巴廷加地区。
The work will not be confined to the Glasgow area. 此项工作不会局限于格拉斯哥地区。
These small mammals are generally confined to the south of the island. 这些小型哺乳动物一般只出没于该岛南部。
Poverty and deprivation are by no means confined to the north of the country. 贫困并不仅仅只存在于这个国家的北部。
Not all horror stories are safely confined to the television set or movie screen.（safely尤为美式用法）并非所有恐怖故事都安全地只出现在电视或电影中。
Keep the dog confined in a suitable travelling cage. 把狗关进适于旅行的笼子里。
The soldiers concerned were confined to barracks (= had to stay in the barracks, as a punishment). 有关的士兵已受到不得离开营房的禁闭处分。
He announced that the army and police had been confined to barracks. 他通告说军队和警察已经被禁闭在营房中不得外出。
Condemned prisoners are typically confined to small cells for 23 hours a day. 死刑犯通常一天有 23小时被关押在很小的牢房里。
The woman will be confined to a mental institution. 这个女人将被关进精神病院。
Here the river is confined in a narrow channel. 这条河在这里流入狭窄的河床。
She was confined to bed with the flu. 她因患流感卧病在床。
He was confined to a wheelchair after the accident. 经过那场事故后他就离不开轮椅了。

n. [pl.] [正式] confines可指范围；界限；边界:
n. [pl.] [正式] confines可指（形势、制度、体制或活动上的）局限、限制:
confines |[ˈkɒnfaɪnz;美ˈkɑ:n-]
The movie is set entirely within the confines of the abandoned factory. 电影的拍摄完全是在这个废弃的工厂厂区内进行。
The dim, familiar confines of the room grew clearer as my eyes adjusted to the indoor darkness. 随着我的眼睛适应了室内的黑暗、房间内昏暗、熟悉的一切变得清楚起来。
The next two games are in the friendly confines of Wrigley Field. 接下来的两场比赛在里格利球场举行，气氛友好。
She returned to the cosy/cozy confines of her lodgings on the second floor. 她回到了自己位于二楼的温馨住所。
She stepped into the cool, dark confines of a roadside inn. 她走进了路旁—家凉爽、昏暗的小旅馆。
in the quiet confines of a Bloomington hotel room 在布卢明顿酒店安静的房间内 
a chance to escape the stuffy confines of the town 逃离那座沉闷的城市的机会 
It is a story that must not escape the confines of this room. 这是一个只限于在这间屋子里讲的故事。
It took him some effort to leave the comfy confines of his room. 他下了很大的决心才离开了自己舒适的房间。
Most airmen aren't allowed to leave the confines of the base. 大多数飞行员不允许走出该基地。
They left the half-lit streets and entered the confines of a cemetery. 他们离开了半明半暗的街道，进入了公墓区。
He spent three years within the narrow confines of the prison. 他在监狱狭小的空间里度过了三年。
The gay community is transcending the narrow confines of the ghetto. 同性恋人群不再局限于贫民窟的狭窄圈子。
the wild grass and weeds that grew in the confines of the grandstand 大看台上丛生的野草 
It is beyond the confines of human knowledge. 这超出了人类的知识范围。
issues that go beyond the limited confines of the book 超出本书限定范围的问题 
She wanted to experience things outside the close confines of family life. 她想体验—下封闭的家庭生活以外的生活。
She longed to leave the confines of her household. 她渴望摆脱家庭的束缚。
away from the confines of the British class system 超越英国社会等级制度的限制 
I can't stand the confines of this marriage. 我受不了这段婚姻的限制。
within the strict confines of the law 在法律严格限定的范围内

adj. 容易看到或注意到的；惹人注意的:
conspicuous |[kənˈspɪkjuəs]
Mary's red hair always made her conspicuous at school. 玛丽的红头发在学校里总是很惹眼。
I felt very conspicuous in my new car. 坐在我的新车里，我感到十分惹人注目。
You may feel tearful in situations where you feel conspicuous. 觉得自己身处众目睽睽之下时，你可能会有想哭的感觉。
The new building was rather conspicuous. 这座新楼相当显眼。
The advertisements were all posted in a conspicuous place. 广告都贴在了显眼的地方。
The stain on her dress was horribly conspicuous. 她裙子上的污渍太显眼了。
He played no part in the game and was conspicuous by his absence in the post-match celebrations. 比赛时他没有上场，并且由于没有参加赛后的庆祝活动而引起了大家的关注。
The most conspicuous way in which the old politics is changing is in the growing use of referendums. 旧式政治最明显的变化在于其越来越多地进行全民公决。
The event was a conspicuous success (= a very great one). 这项活动相当成功。

adj. 显著的:
adj. 数量相当大的:
adj. 1 [常用于名词前] 有特别含义的（并非所有人都能理解的），意味深长的。相当于meaningful:
2 有某种意义的:
adj. 意义重大的:
significant |[sɪgˈnɪfɪkənt]
The results of the experiment are not statistically significant. 从统计学的观点看，实验结果意义不明显。
There are no significant differences between the two groups of students. 这两组学生没有明显差别。
Your work has shown a significant improvement. 你的工作有了显著改进。
It is significant that girls generally do better in examinations than boys. 很明显，女生的考试成绩一般比男生的好。
A small but significant number of 11-year-olds are illiterate. 数量不多但仍有相当一部分11岁孩子是文盲。
foods that offer a significant amount of protein 富含蛋白质的食物
significant look, significant smile 意味深长的眼神；意味深长的微笑 
Mrs Bycraft gave Rose a significant glance. 拜克拉夫特夫人意味深长地瞥了罗丝一眼。
It is significant that he changed his will only days before his death. 他在临终前几天修改遗嘱，这很能说明问题。
a highly significant discovery 有重大意义的发现 
Time would appear to be the significant factor in this whole drama. 时间似乎是整部剧中一个举足轻重的因素。
very significant piece of legislation 一条非常重要的法规 
The move was regarded as significant in Japan. 这一举动在日本被认为意义重大。
What makes this discovery significant is that it goes against our theory. 这一发现的重要意义在于它与我们的理论背道而驰。
His records are impressive, but equally significant are the methods that he used to achieve them. 他的记录令人印象深刻，但是同样值得注意的是他取得这些记录的方法。
These differences are not statistically significant. 这些差异在统计学上意义不大。
biologically, culturally, historically, militarily, politically significant 生物学上意义重大；文化上意义重大；历史上有重大意义；军事上意义重大；政治上意义重大 
This development proved highly significant for the whole town. 这一，开发对整个城镇来说意义重大。
rituals which are deeply significant to Christians 对基督徒具有深刻意义的仪式

adj. 1 常用于名词前，令人愉悦地干净（或纯洁、凉爽）的，如清新的、凉爽的:
2 看上去洁净的、明亮（或鲜明）且有吸引力的:
adj. [非正式] fresh (with sb) 不用于名词前，粗鲁而太自信，从而对别人缺乏尊重的；或以此方式而对异性太放肆的:
adj. fresh from sth 刚从某地来的；刚有过某种经历的:
adv. [尤美，非正式] fresh out of sth 刚供给完（如刚卖完）某东西:
adj. 常不用于名词前，精力充沛的:
adj. 看上去鲜明且有吸引力的:
adj. fresh from sth 刚从某地来的；刚有过某种经历的:
adj. 1 常用于名词前，（空气）清新凉爽的。比cool更强调“凉”而“新”的感觉:
2 [英]（天气）凉爽且有一些风的:
3（风）有点大且有点冷的，如凉飕飕的，相当于brisk:
adj. 1（通常指食物）新鲜的（如刚采摘且未冷冻、脱水或被保存在罐中的）。常令人愉悦:
2 最近制作成的，或最近被体验过的:
3 常用于名词前，新的或不同的（可添加到某事物上或替代某事物的）:
adj. 常用于名词前，（水）不含盐的，即淡水的:
fresh |[freʃ]
a toothpaste that leaves a nice fresh taste in your mouth 在口中留下舒适清凉味道的牙膏 
fresh air 新鲜空气 
He looked fresh and neat in a clean white shirt. 他穿上干净的白衬衫显得清爽利落。
fresh colours 鲜艳的色彩 
a fresh complexion 白净的肤色
Don’t get fresh with me! 别对我无礼！
students fresh from college 刚刚毕业的大学生 
fresh from her success at the Olympic Games 刚从奥运会凯旋归来的她 
Sorry, we’re fresh out of milk. 对不起，牛奶我们刚卖完。
Regular exercise will help you feel fresher. 经常锻炼会使你感觉更加精力充沛。
I managed to sleep on the plane and arrived feeling as fresh as a daisy. 我总算在飞机上睡了觉，到达时精神焕发。
fresh colours 鲜亮的色彩 
a fresh complexion 白净的肤色
students fresh from college 刚刚毕业的大学生
a toothpaste that leaves a nice fresh taste in your mouth 在口中留下舒适清凉味道的牙膏 
Let’s go and get some fresh air. 咱们出去呼吸点新鲜空气。
It’s fresh this morning. 今天早上凉飕飕的。
a fresh breeze 清新的微风
fresh bread, fresh flowers 刚出炉的面包；鲜花 
fresh fruit and vegetables 新鲜水果和蔬菜 
Put it in the refrigerator to keep it fresh. 把它放到冰箱里保鲜。
fresh tracks in the snow 雪地上的新脚印 
It’s still fresh in my mind. 我记忆犹新。
fresh evidence, fresh approach, fresh start, fresh coffee 新证据；新方法；新的开始；新咖啡 
a fresh coat of paint 刚刷的一层油漆
There is a shortage of fresh water on the island. 岛上缺少淡水。

Fresh- is added to past participles in order to form adjectives which describe something as having been recently made or done. (加在过去分词上)表示"某事于最近发生或完成的"
fresh- |英/美 [ freʃ ]| pref.新鲜的；新近的/
...a meadow of fresh-mown hay....一片刚割过草的牧场。
...a vase of fresh-cut flowers....一瓶刚剪下的花。


~ yourself (with sth) 允许自己去做喜欢的事（尤指坏事），如沉湎、沉迷、沉溺:
~ sth（对别人）放纵或听任:
vi. ~ in sth 参加、参与，尤指参与违法活动:
vt. 满足（欲望、兴趣等）:
indulge |[ɪnˈdʌldʒ]
vt.&vi. ~ in sth 
They went into town to indulge in some serious shopping. 他们进城去大肆购物。
He returned to Britain so that he could indulge his passion for football. 他重返英国，为的是可以尽情释放自己对足球的激情。
Only rarely will she indulge in a glass of wine. 她只是偶尔才喝杯红酒,让自己享受一下。
For a special treat, indulge yourself with one of these luxury desserts. 作为特别的款待，你可以在各种美味甜品中任选一种尽情享用。
I indulged myself with a long hot bath. 我尽情享受了一次长时间的热水浴。
She was free to indulge in a little romantic daydreaming. 她肆意沉迷于风花雪月的白日梦中。           
vt. ~ sb (with sth) 
He did not agree with indulging children. 他反对纵容娇惯孩子。
She did not believe in indulging the children with presents. 她认为不能惯着孩子们要什么就给什么。
Her father had always indulged her every whim. 她的父亲总是对她什么奇怪的愿望都予以滿足。
The inheritance enabled him to indulge his passion for art. 这笔遗产使他能够尽情投入他热爱的艺术。

without conscious thought; by natural instinct:无意识的思考；出于本能
instinctively |ɪnˈstɪŋktɪvli| Adverb/:,出于本能
Elizabeth reacted instinctively in giving him a hug:Elizabeth本能地给了他一个拥抱

vt. 补充（以起到改进作用）:
n. [C] ~ (to sth) 补充物、补足物:
n. [C] 被需要或被允许的全部数额，如装备定额；编制名额:
n. [C] [语法] 补足语、补语:
complement |[ˈkɒmplɪment;美ˈkɑ:m-]
The excellent menu is complemented by a good wine list. 佳肴佐以美酒，可称完美无缺。
The dishes on the menu complement each other perfectly. 菜单上的各道菜品搭配绝妙。
Nutmeg, parsley and cider all complement the flavour of these beans well. 肉豆蔻、西芹和苹果酒都能很好地突出这些豆子的味道。
The team needs players who complement each other. 球队需要能够相互取长补短的队员。
We complement one another perfectly. 我们相互取长补短，堪称完美。
There will be a written examination to complement the practical test. 会有笔试作为实践考试的补充。
The green wallpaper is the perfect complement to the old pine of the dresser. 绿色的墙纸完美地衬托出衣橱那年代久远的松木。
Political knowledge is a necessary complement to science in approaching solutions to these problems. 在寻找解决这些问题的方法时，需要有政治知识作为对科学知识的补充。
This wine is the perfect complement to fish. 这种葡萄酒最适合吃鱼时喝。
Each ship had a complement of around a dozen officers and 250 men. 每艘船的编制人数约为军官12位，船员250名。
We've taken our full complement of trainees this year. 我们今年接收的实习生已满员。
Not one house on the Close still had its full complement of windows. 克洛斯岛上没有一所房子的窗户仍旧是齐全的。
normal complement 标准全编名额
In the sentences ‘I'm angry’ and ‘He became a politician’, ‘angry’ and ‘politician’ are complements. 在句子I 'm angry和He became a politician中，angry和politician为补语。

n. 1 [pl.] contents可指某事物（如瓶子、盒子或房间等）的所含之物，内容:
2 [sing.]（书、讲话、节目等的）主题，主要内容:
3 [U]（课程或计划的）内容:
adj. content to do sth 愿意（去做某事）的:
adj. content (with sth) 不作前置定语，指（对自己所拥有的东西）满意的，满足的。是此义的常规用词，极为常用:
n. [U] 满意；满足。相当于contentment。不过content作为名词的“满意”时，远不如其作为形容词时常用，也没有satisfaction和contentment常用（satisfaction最为常用）:
vt. 1 content yourself with sth 满足；满意；知足。不常用:
2 [正式] 使某人感到满意或满足:
n. [U] 网站或只读光盘上的信息或其他材料，即内容，目录:
n. [sing.] 用于名词后，指某事物中所包含的某种物质的总量，即含量:
n. [sing.]（书的）主题，主要内容。偶尔也可翻译为“主题”，但绝大多数情况下还是翻译为“主要内容”:
n. [U]（课程的）内容:
n. [sing.]（书、讲话等的）主题，主要内容:
n. [pl.] contents可指书的目录或目次（常在一本书的起始处以清单的形式列出该书的各个章节或部分）:
content |['kɒntent][kən'tent][ˈkɒntent]
to spill contents 洒出内含物 
She emptied the contents of her bag on the floor. 她把包里的东西都倒在了地上。
the contents of the building 大楼里的东西 
Your tone of voice is as important as the content of what you have to say. 你的讲话声调和你要讲的内容同样重要。
Her poetry has a good deal of political content. 她的诗歌含有大量的政治内容。
the content of the letter 这封信的内容 
course content 课程内容
I was content to wait. 我愿意等。
I’m perfectly content just to lie in the sun. 只要能在太阳下躺一躺，我就心满意足了。
She seemed quite content with the idea. 她对这个主意似乎相当满意。
He had to be content with third place. 他只好屈居第三名。
Jane contented herself with a bowl of soup. 简喝了一碗汤就心满意足了。
My apology seemed to content him. 我的道歉似乎让他满意。
digital, multimedia content 数字化内容；多媒体内容 
online content providers 网络内容提供商
alcohol, fat, mineral content 酒精含量；脂肪含量；矿物质含量
Her poetry has a good deal of political content. 她的诗歌含有大量的政治内容
course content 课程内容
Your tone of voice is as important as the content of what you have to say. 你的讲话声调和你要讲的内容同样重要。
Her poetry has a good deal of political content. 她的诗歌含有大量的政治内容。
news content 新闻内容 
a table of contents 目录 
a contents page 目录页

n. [U] 肮脏、邋遢的环境:
squalor |[ˈskwɒlə(r);美ˈskwɑ:l-]
the poverty and squalor of the slums 贫民窟的贫穷和肮脏 
a beautiful park amid the squalor of the slums 位于肮脏的贫民窟中的美丽公园 
He had lost his job and was living in squalor. 他丢了工作，生活潦倒。
public, urban squalor 公共场所的污秽；城市的污秽 
He was born in squalor next to the docks. 他出生在码头附近的肮脏之处。

n. [U]（金属或木材由于重复弯曲或拉伸所导致的）疲劳:
n. [pl.] fatigues可指士兵在战斗或训练时所穿的宽松服装，如作训服:
n. 1 [U]（例如由于繁重的工作或锻炼所导致的）极端疲惫:
2 [U]（通常置于另一名词后）由于做某项活动太多而导致的厌倦:
n. [pl.] [尤美] fatigues可指士兵不得不去做的一些杂役（如清洁或做饭），尤其作为一种惩罚:
fatigue |[fəˈti:g][fəˈti:gz]
The wing of the plane showed signs of metal fatigue. 机翼显示出金属疲劳的迹象。
army, battle, combat, military fatigues 陆军军服；作战服；军装 
camouflage fatigues 迷彩服 
soldiers in combat fatigues 身穿作战服的军人 
He never expected to return home wearing US combat fatigues. 他从没想到会穿着美国军服回家。          
physical and mental fatigue 身体和精神的疲劳 
muscle fatigue 肌肉疲劳 
Driver fatigue was to blame for the accident. 这个事故是驾驶员疲劳所致。
I was dropping with fatigue and could not keep my eyes open. 我快要累倒了，眼睛也睁不开了。
She continued to have severe stomach cramps, aches, fatigue, and depression. 她仍然患有严重的胃痉挛，感觉疼痛、疲乏、抑郁。
Clarke says his team could have lasted another 15 days before fatigue would have begun to take a toll. 克拉克说，他的团队本来还可以再坚持15天，只是疲劳可能会造成严重后果，只好作罢。
swimmers who are in a state of extreme fatigue 疲惫不堪的游泳者 
chronic fatigue syndrome 慢性疲劳综合征 
The man was shivering with fatigue. 这个男人累得浑身发抖。
The right vitamins help you combat fatigue. 适当服用维生素能够帮你抵抗疲劳。
simple lifestyle strategies to prevent fatigue 防止疲劳的简单生活方式 
She had to stop work when fatigue set in. 疲劳袭来时，她不得不停止工作。
compassion fatigue caused by endless TV and celebrity appeals 没完没了的电视节目和名人呼吁而导致的同情心疲劳 
the result of four months of battle fatigue 四个月的战斗疲劳带来的后果

adj. 令人印象非常深刻的，或令人感到非常困难的，也许还很吓人的:
adj. [美，非正式] 非常好的、令人非常享受的等:
adj. 令人感到非常困难的，也许还很吓人的:
awesome |['ɔ:səm]
an awesome sight 奇观 
awesome beauty, awesome power 天仙之美；大得吓人的权力 
an awesome task 十分艰巨的任务
I just bought this awesome new CD! 我刚买了这张特棒的新CD！
Wow! That’s totally awesome! 哇！真是棒极了！
awesome power 大得吓人的权力 
an awesome task 十分艰巨的任务
