shuttle				往返运行，往返两地的运输工具
nightmare				噩梦，可怕的经历，难缠的人
startle				使吃惊
debris				残骸，垃圾
assemble				召集，收集，装配
perception				感觉，洞察，看法
coastal				近海的，海滨的
desert				抛弃，背离，沙漠
peer					仔细看，同龄人
embody				象征，使具体化，包括，收录
sympathetic			有同情心的，讨人喜欢的，赞同的
backup				支持，备用物品，备份
notably				尤其，极其，显眼的
exploit				英雄业绩，开发，剥削
poetry				诗歌，美好品质
discriminate			区别对待，区别
readjust				整理，重新调校，调整
readjust to			重新适应
slight				小的，肤浅的，冒犯
strip					脱掉衣服，除去，剥夺，条
tackle				处理，阻截
steady				稳定的，均匀的
minority				少数，未成年
aspirational			有志向的
discipline				纪律，惩罚，训导
threshold				门槛，关口
soar					高飞，升高
uneven					不平整的，不规则的，悬殊的
crucial				至关重要的
athletics				田径运动
needy					贫穷的
the needy				穷人
\\\\\\\\

n. [C] 织布用的梭子:
n. 1 [C] 在两地之间频繁而规律地往来的飞机，即班机。强调往来穿梭的特点:
2 [C]（在地球和宇宙空间站之间穿梭从而为两者运送物资的）航天飞机:
n. [sing.] the Shuttle 可指英法之间英吉利海峡隧道的火车运输:
vi. shuttle (between A and B) 频繁来往于两地（或多地）之间:
vt. 在两地之间规律地往返以运送…:
n. [C] 在两地之间频繁而规律地往来的公交或火车，即班车。强调交通的双向性:
shuttle |['ʃʌtl]
to take the shuttle 搭乘班机 
diplomacy shuttle（比喻用法）穿梭外交 
space shuttle 航天飞机 
shuttle landing 航天飞机着陆
to shuttle back and forth between the three cities 往来于三个城市之间 
to shuttle passengers between A and B 在甲乙两地之间往来运送乘客
a free 24-hour shuttle between the airport and the city centre 在机场和市中心之间的24小时免费班车 
airport, hotel shuttle 机场班车；旅馆班车 
shuttle bus, shuttle flight, shuttle service, shuttle train 短程穿梭运行的班车；短程穿梭运行的航班；往返运输服务；短程穿梭运行的火车 
The supermarket operates a complimentary shuttle service. 这家超市提供免费往返购物班车服务。

n. [C] 令人害怕或不快的梦，即噩梦、梦魇:
n. [C] ~ (for sb) 非常可怕或不快的经历，或非常棘手的经历，即噩梦般的经历:
nightmare |[ˈnaɪtmeə(r);美-mer]
The film gave me nightmares. 这部电影让我老做噩梦。
I have nightmares about drowning. 我老做溺水的噩梦。
He still has nightmares about the accident. 他仍然做噩梦梦见这场事故。
All the victims still suffered nightmares. 所有受害者仍然被恶梦困扰。
The faces of all the people he had killed haunted his nightmares. 他杀死的那些人的面孔常在他的噩梦中出现。
Jane did not eat cheese because it gives her nightmares. 简没吃奶酪，因为那会让她做恶梦。
The years in prison were a nightmare. 监狱里的那些年是一场噩梦。
nightmare journey（尤英）噩梦般的行程 
The trip turned into a nightmare when they both got sick. 这次旅行成了一场噩梦，他们俩都病了。
Their dream of living in the country turned into a nightmare. 他们在乡村生活的美梦变成了一场噩梦。
Taking my son Peter to a restaurant was a nightmare. 带我儿子彼得外出吃饭简直糟糕透了。
Losing a child is my worst nightmare. 丧子是我最痛苦的经历。
The refugees had survived a living nightmare. 难民们熬过了噩梦般的痛苦经历。
the nightmare scenario of mass unemployment 大规模失业的可怕景象 
The writer evokes a nightmare vision of a future on a polluted planet. 作者描绘了未来遭受污染的星球上的噩梦般的场景。
nightmare world 噩梦般的世界 
In practice a graduate tax is an administrative nightmare. 毕业税具体操作起来不啻一场行政噩梦。
Nobody knows what's going on─ it's a nightmare!（非正式用法）谁也不知道是怎么回事——真是棘手至极！
Filling in all those forms was a nightmare.（非正式用法）填写了那么多的表格，真是太可怕了。
a nightmare situation 恶劣的形势

vt. 使某人突然受惊吓（即惊讶的同时有些害怕）:
startle |[ˈstɑ:tl;美ˈstɑ:rtl]
I didn't mean to startle you. 我不是存心要吓唬你。
The explosion startled the horse. 爆炸声使马受了惊。
The telephone startled him. 电话铃声吓了他一跳。
I was startled by her question. 她的问题让我大吃一惊。
It startled me to find her sitting in my office. 我一进办公室，发现她坐在里面，把我吓了一跳。

n. 1 [U] 某事物被破坏后留下的木头、金属、砖块等的残余物，如残骸、碎片:
n. [U] [正式] 遗留在某处的不要的一些材料碎片和垃圾，如残渣、垃圾、废弃物:
n. [U] [正式] 遗留在某处的不要的一些材料碎片和垃圾，如残渣、垃圾、废弃物:
debris |[ˈdebri:;ˈdeɪ-;美dəˈbri:]
Emergency teams are still clearing the debris from the plane crash. 各抢救小组仍在清理失事飞机的残骸。
The tank exploded, scattering debris all over the field. 坦克爆炸了，整个原野上都散落着碎片残骸。
Police have spent the day sifting throught the debris for clues. 警方花了一整天在废墟中查找线索。
She was hit on the head by flying debris. 她被飞来的碎片击中了头部。
food, plant debris 食物残渣；植物残骸 
construction, garden, industrial（均尤美）debris 建筑垃圾；庭园垃圾；工业垃圾 
to clear the drain of debris 清理排水沟里的垃圾 
Debris accumulates at the bottom of the bottle. 残渣堆积在瓶底。
space, rocky, volcanic debris 太空垃圾；岩屑；火山灰
food, plant debris 食物残渣；植物残骸 
construction, garden, industrial（均尤美）debris 建筑垃圾；庭园垃圾；工业垃圾 
to clear the drain of debris 清理排水沟里的垃圾 
Debris accumulates at the bottom of the bottle. 残渣堆积在瓶底。
space, rocky, volcanic debris 太空垃圾；岩屑；火山灰

vt.&vi. 聚集成一个群体；使人或事物聚集成一个群体:
vt. 装配、组装（如组装家具）:
assemble |[əˈsembl]
Thousands of people, mainly Zulus, assembled in a stadium in Thokoza. 数以千计的人，主要是祖鲁族人，聚集在托考查的一个体育场里。
All the students were asked to assemble in the main hall. 全体学生获通知到大礼堂集合。
There wasn't even a convenient place for students to assemble between classes. 在课间，学生们连一个方便凑在一起的地方都没有。
She then addressed the assembled company (= all the people there). 接着她向全体集合者讲话。
We had assembled for the first rehearsal. 我们集合起来进行第一次排练。
Greenpeace managed to assemble enough boats to waylay the ship at sea. 绿色和平组织设法聚集起足够数量的小船在海上拦截该船。
The French began to assemble an army. 法国人开始组建一支军队。
a hastily assembled force of warriors 紧急召集起来的一队勇士 
The manager has assembled a world-class team. 经理已聚集了一个世界一流的团队。
I've already begun to assemble my team for the job. 我已经开始组建完成这项工作的团队。
to assemble evidence, to assemble data 收集证据；收集数据 
the force that permits atoms to assemble into molecules 使原子结合成分子的力
The shelves are easy to assemble. 搁架容易组装。
The shelves are available in kit form or fully assembled. 架子有组件套装，也有完全组装好了的。
I bought the desk already assembled. 我买了一张早已组装好的书桌。
She had been trying to assemble the bomb when it went off in her arms. 在她试图组装炸弹时，炸弹在她怀里爆炸了。

n. [U] [正式]（对某事物本质的）洞察力、悟性:
n. [U, C] [正式] ~ (that…) 看法、见解:
n. [U] [术语]（尤指感官产生的）知觉、感知，且尤指视觉感知:
perception |[pəˈsepʃn;美pərˈs-]
She showed great perception in her assessment of the family situation. 她对家庭状况的分析显示出敏锐的洞察力。
It did not require a great deal of perception to realise the interview was over. 并不需要多少洞察力也能意识到面试已经结束了。
a campaign to change public perception of the police 改变警察公众形象的运动 
a marketing strategy to overcome negative public perception of the company 一种消除公众对该公司负面看法的营销策略 
These developments hardly affected the public perception of the crisis. 进展情况几乎没有影响公众对危机的看法。
There is a general public perception that standards in schools are falling. 公众普遍认为，学校的水平都在下降。
He is interested in how our perceptions of death affect the way we live. 他感兴趣的是我们对死亡的看法如何影响我们的生活。
their perception of foreigners 他们对外国人的印象 
The book explored the changing perceptions about gender. 这本书探讨了不断变化的对性别的看法。
I was shocked to learn of the perception people have of me. 得知人们对我的看法我很震惊。
Your brand name should create a distinctive perception in the customer's mind. 你的品牌名称应该在顾客心中建立起一种与众不同的形象。
Movies have shaped our perception of many historical events. 电影左右了我们对许多历史事件的看法。
The computer changes our perceptions of place and time. 计算机改变了我们的时空观。
This study dispels the perception that men are better drivers. 这项研究消除了人们认为男人驾车水平更高的看法。
This film challenges traditional perceptions of older people. 这部电影挑战了老年人的传统观念。
The survey reflects the perceptions of business people around the world. 该调查反映了世界各地商界人士的看法。
our perception of reality 我们对现实的感知 
heightened perception caused by drugs 吸食毒品后产生的飘飘然的感觉 
He has a heightented perception that causes him to hear voices from another world. 他有一种升仙了的感觉，使他听到了来自另一个世界的声音。
The company wanted to boost the overall perception of the brand. 该公司希望提升品牌的整体认知度。
consumer perception 消费者的认知 
culture perception 文化认知 
subjective perception 主观认知 
auditory, extrasensory, sense, sensory, visual perception 听觉；超感知觉；感觉；感官知觉；视觉 
hazard（英）, risk（尤美）, threat（美）perception 对危险的感知；对风险的感知；对威胁的感知 
If we improve drivers' hazard perception, road deaths will fall. 如果我们提高司机们感知危险的能力，交通死亡人数就会下降。
cultural differences in risk perception between European students and their American counterparts 欧洲学生和美国学生之间在风险认知方面的文化差异 

Coastal is used to refer to things that are in the sea or on the land near a coast. 沿海的
coastal |英 ['kəʊstl]  美 ['kostl]| adj. 沿海的；海岸的/
Local radio stations serving coastal areas often broadcast forecasts for yachtsmen.服务沿海地区的地方电台经常向驾驶快艇者播放天气预报。


vt.＆vi. 未经许可而擅自离开部队:
vt. 1 抛弃或遗弃某人（使其得不到帮助或支持、供养等），相当于abandon，但不如abandon常用:
2 停止使用、购买或支持等…:
vt. 1 常用被动式，从某地离开（使该地变空），相当于abandon:
2（某种品质在某人需要的时候）背离（这个人）:
n. [C, U] 沙漠；荒漠:
desert |['dezət][dɪ'zət]
Large numbers of soldiers deserted as defeat became inevitable. 战败已成定局，许多士兵开小差跑了。
She was deserted by her husband. 她被丈夫遗弃了。
to desert teaching for politics 弃教从政 
to desert his urban life 放弃他的都市生活
The villages had been deserted. 这些村庄已经荒无人烟了。
The owl seems to have deserted its nest. 这只猫头鹰似乎不要这个窝了。
Poor farmers are deserting their parched farm fields and coming here looking for jobs. 贫穷的农民丢下干旱的农田，来这里找工作。
Her courage seemed to desert her for a moment. 她一时间似乎失去了勇气。
the Sahara Desert 撒哈拉大沙漠 
vast desert 广袤的沙漠 
Arctic, polar desert 北极荒漠；极地荒原 
desert area, desert region, desert country 沙漠地区；沙漠国家 
desert plant 沙漠植物 
cultural desert（比喻用法）文化沙漠

vi.（尤指看不清时）仔细看:
n. [usually pl.] 年龄相同的人（此时可称为同辈）；社会地位相同的人:
n. [C] 英国的贵族成员:
peer |[pɪə(r);美pɪr]
We peered into the shadows. 我们往阴暗处仔细瞧。He went to the window and peered out. 他走到窗前仔细往外瞧。
A face was peering down at him. 一张脸俯视下来打量着他。
She peered around the corner. 她躲在拐角处张望。
His pale blue eyes peered anxiously at Vic. 他淡蓝色的眼睛焦虑地注视着维克。
She kept peering over her shoulder. 她不停地回头看。
He peered closely at the photograph. 他聚精会神地端详着相片。
I had been peering at a computer print-out that made no sense at all. 我一直盯着看一张毫无意义的计算机打印稿。
He watched the Customs official peer into the driver's window. 他看见海关官员透过驾驶座车窗仔细地往里看。
academic peer（尤美）学术同行 
She enjoys the respect of her professional peers. 她受到专业同行的尊敬。
peer evaluation, peer review 同行评价；同行评审 
Peer acceptance is particularly important for teenagers. 得到同辈接受，对青少年尤其重要。
Children often take up smoking because of peer pressure. 小孩子经常因为来自同龄人的压力而抽烟。
Peer pressure is strong among young people (= they want to be like other people of the same age). 年轻人受到强大的同辈压力。
children who are much cleverer than their peers 比同龄人聪明许多的孩子 
His engaging personality made him popular with his peers. 他迷人的个性使他深受同龄人的喜爱。
She was rejected by her peer group. 她不被同龄人所接纳。
We have seen several women who can outperform their male peers physically. 我们已经看到好几个女性在体力方面超过她们的男性同龄人。
peer interaction, peer relations, peer relationship 同辈交往；同辈关系 
peer culture 同辈文化 
peer network 同辈网络 
peer rejection, peer victimization 同辈排斥；同辈欺凌 
peer mediation 同辈人调解
Lord Swan was made a life peer in 1981. 斯旺勋爵于1981年受封终身贵族。
Conservative, Labour peer 保守党上议院议员；工党上议院议员 
hereditary peer 世袭贵族 
a peer of the realm（英）世袭贵族

If something is embodied in a particular thing, the second thing contains or consists of the first. 包含; 收录
To embody an idea or quality means to be a symbol or expression of that idea or quality. 体现; 具体象征
embody |英 [ɪm'bɒdɪ; em-]  美 [ɪm'bɑdi]| vt. 体现，使具体化；具体表达/n. (Embody)人名；(英)恩博迪/
The proposal has been embodied in a draft resolution.这项提议已经被包含在一份决议草案中。
For twenty-nine years, Checkpoint Charlie embodied the Cold War.29年来，查理检查站具体象征了冷战。
Jack Kennedy embodied all the hopes of the 1960s.杰克•肯尼迪体现了20世纪60年代的全部希望。


adj.（一个人）招人喜欢的:
adj. ~ (to/towards sb)（对受伤者或悲伤者）有同情心的、表示同情的:
adj. ~ (to/towards sb/sth) 对某人或某事表示赞同或支持的:
sympathetic |[ˌsɪmpəˈθetɪk]
a sympathetic character in a novel 小说中一个讨人喜欢的人物 
She sounds a most sympathetic character. 她听起来是个很招人喜欢的人物。
I don't find her a very sympathetic person. 我觉得她并不十分招人喜欢。
I found the doctors very sympathetic. 我发觉医生都很有同情心。
Her aggressive attitude makes me less sympathetic to her plight. 她凶恶的态度使我不再那么同情她的困境。
The character's faults actually make him more sympathetic. 这个人物的缺点实则让他更具同情心。
a patient and deeply sympathetic man 一位有耐心且很有同情心的人 
He'd written a not entirely sympathetic article in the 'Globe'. 他在《环球》杂志上发表了一篇不太有同情心的文章。
Her attitude to my situation was less than sympathetic. 她对我的处境并不同情。
My boss is being very sympathetic about my problems.我的老板对我遇到的问题表示非常体谅。
a sympathetic listener 体恤别人的听者 
I did not feel at all sympathetic towards Kate. 我对凯特一点也不同情。
I'm here if you need a sympathetic ear (= sb to talk to about your problems). 要是你想诉诉苦，那就跟我说吧。
She was very sympathetic to the problems of adult students. 她对成年学生的问题深表同情。
It may be that he sees you only as a sympathetic friend. 也许他只是把你当作一个可以倾诉的朋友。
to be sympathetic to the party's aims 赞同该党的目标 
The government is broadly sympathetic to our ideas. 政府大体上赞同我们的想法。
Russian newspapers are largely sympathetic to the president. 俄罗斯报章大都支持总统。
She met people in London who were sympathetic to the Indian freedom struggle. 她在伦敦结识了一些支持印度独立运动的人。
His speeches against corruption may find a sympathetic hearing among some Trinidadians. 他关于反腐反贪的讲话可能会赢得一些特立尼达岛居民的支持。

The backup of a song is the music that is sung or played to accompany the main tune. 伴奏; 伴唱
If you have something such as a second piece of equipment or set of plans as backup, you have arranged for them to be available for use in case the first one does not work. 备用物 (如设备、计划)
Backup consists of extra equipment, resources, or people that you can get help or support from if necessary. 后备 (设备、物资或人力)
backup |英 ['bækʌp]  美 ['bæk,ʌp]| n. 支持；后援；阻塞/adj. 支持的；候补的/vt. 做备份/
Sharon also sang backup for Barry Manilow.莎伦还为巴里·马尼洛唱了伴唱。
Every part of the system has a backup.这套系统的每个部分都有备件。
There is no emergency back-up immediately available.没有立即就能获得的后备。


You can use notably to emphasize a particular quality that someone or something has. 明显地
You use notably to specify an important or typical example of something that you are talking about. 尤其
notably |英 ['nəʊtəblɪ]  美 ['notəbli]| adv. 显著地；尤其/
Old established friends are notably absent, so it's a good opportunity to make new contacts.老朋友们显然都已不在身边，所以这是结交新朋友的一个好机会。
The divorce would be granted when more important problems, notably the fate of the children, had been decided.当更重要的问题，尤其是孩子们的命运被决定时，离婚就会获得批准。


n. [usually pl.] 英勇、激动人心或引人注目的行为:
vt. [贬] 利用一个人或一种情况为自己谋利:
vt. 把某事物运用得好，以从中获得尽可能多的好处，即运用、利用、发挥:
vt. ~ sth (for sth) 为商业或工业用途而开发或使用某事物:
vt. [贬] 利用一个人或一种情况为自己谋利:
vt. 把某事物运用得好，以从中获得尽可能多的好处，即运用、利用、发挥:
vt. ~ sth (for sth) 为商业或工业用途而开发或使用某事物:
vt. [贬] 不公平地对待某人，让其干得多赚得少，即剥削、压榨:
vt. ~ sth (for sth) 为商业或工业用途而开采某事物:
vt. ~ sth (for sth) 为商业或工业用途而开发某事物:
exploit |[ɪkˈsplɔɪt]
the daring exploits of Roman heroes 罗马英雄英勇无畏的行为 
His courage and exploits were legendary. 他的无畏与英勇事迹是出了名的。
military, sporting exploit 军事事迹；体育成绩 
He was always bragging about his sexual exploits. 他总是吹嘘他的风流韵事。
He exploited his father's name to get himself a job. 他利用他父亲的名声为自己找到一份工作。
He pursued his own interests, cynically exploiting his privileged position as trustee. 他无所顾忌地利用自己作为受托人的特权地位追逐私利。
She realized that her youth and inexperience were being exploited. 她意识到自己的年轻和缺乏经验正受人利用。
She fully exploits the humour of her role in the play. 她在剧中把她那个角色的幽默发挥得淋漓尽致。
The firm has been successful in exploiting new technology to the full. 这家公司在充分利用新技术方面很成功。
Birds exploit these wind patterns to the fullest. 鸟类对各种风型的利用达到了极致。
The architect has cleverly exploited new materials and building techniques. 这位建筑师巧妙地利用了新的材料和建筑技术。
The team were quick to exploit their competitive advantage. 该团队迅速利用了他们的竞争优势。
countries exploiting the rainforests for hardwood 为获取硬木而开发热带雨林的国家 
No minerals have yet been exploited in Antarctica. 南极洲的矿藏还未开采。
She was keen to exploit her discovery commercially. 她渴望为自己的发现找到商业上的用途。
He exploited his father's name to get himself a job. 他利用他父亲的名声为自己找到一份工作。
He pursued his own interests, cynically exploiting his privileged position as trustee. 他无所顾忌地利用自己作为受托人的特权地位追逐私利。
She realized that her youth and inexperience were being exploited. 她意识到自己的年轻和缺乏经验正受人利用。
She fully exploits the humour of her role in the play. 她在剧中把她那个角色的幽默发挥得淋漓尽致。
The firm has been successful in exploiting new technology to the full. 这家公司在充分利用新技术方面很成功。
Birds exploit these wind patterns to the fullest. 鸟类对各种风型的利用达到了极致。
The architect has cleverly exploited new materials and building techniques. 这位建筑师巧妙地利用了新的材料和建筑技术。
The team were quick to exploit their competitive advantage. 该团队迅速利用了他们的竞争优势。
countries exploiting the rainforests for hardwood 为获取硬木而开发热带雨林的国家 
No minerals have yet been exploited in Antarctica. 南极洲的矿藏还未开采。
She was keen to exploit her discovery commercially. 她渴望为自己的发现找到商业上的用途。
What is being done to stop employers from exploiting young people? 目前有什么措施制止雇主剥削年轻人呢？
The workers are ruthlessly exploited by their employers. 工人们受到雇主残酷的剥削。
to sexually exploit 性剥削
No minerals have yet been exploited in Antarctica. 南极洲的矿藏还未开采。
countries exploiting the rainforests for hardwood 为获取硬木而开发热带雨林的国家

n. [U] 诗集；诗歌:
n. [U, sing.] [褒] 美好的品质；优雅的气质；诗意；诗一般美的事物:
poetry |[ˈpəʊətri;美ˈpoʊ-]
classical poetry 古典诗歌 
contemporary, modern 当代诗歌；现代诗歌 
18th-century poetry 18 世纪的诗歌 
dramatic, epic, lyric, narrative poetry 戏剧诗；史诗；抒情诗；叙事诗 
Romantic poetry 浪漫主义诗歌 
love, pastoral, war poetry 情诗；田园诗；战争诗 
He began his speech with a few lines of poetry. 他演讲时先朗诵了几句诗。
a piece of poetry 一首诗 
an anthology of poetry 一部诗歌选集 
a book/collection of poetry 一本诗集 
a volume of poetry 一卷诗集 
T.S. Eliot's poetry T.S.艾略特的诗作 
Russian poetry 俄罗斯诗歌 
Lawrence Durrell wrote a great deal of poetry. 劳伦斯·达雷尔创作了大量的诗歌。
At school we had to learn a lot of poetry by heart. 上学时我们必须背诵许多首诗。
poetry book, poetry collection 诗集 
She invited me to one of her poetry readings. 她邀请我参加她的一次诗歌朗诵会。
poetry competition, poetry contest, poetry slam 诗歌比赛；诗歌朗诵与表演赛 
poetry workshop 诗歌研讨会 
poetry group 诗社 
the New York poetry scene 纽约诗坛 
an essay on imagery in poetry 关于诗歌中意象的文章          
There was poetry in all her gestures. 她一举一动都很优美。
His music is purer poetry than a poem in words. 他的音乐比真正的诗歌更具诗意。

vi. ~ (in favour of sb) 偏袒:
vi. ~ (against sb) 歧视:
~ A from B 区分、区别、辨别:
discriminate |[dɪˈskrɪmɪneɪt]
practices that discriminate against women and in favour of men 重男轻女的做法 
to discriminate in favour/favor of（尤英）优待 
legislation which would discriminate in favour of racial minorities 偏袒少数种族的立法 
They discriminate positively in favour/favor of workers from ethnic minorities. 他们对少数族裔的工人特别照顾。
They believe the law discriminates against women. 他们认为该项法律歧视女性。
practices that discriminate against women and in favour of men 重男轻女的做法 
He claims he was racially discriminated against when he applied for the job. 他声称申请这个职位时遭受了种族歧视。
It is illegal to discriminate on grounds of race, sex or religion. 因种族、性别或宗教信仰而有所歧视是非法的。
Companies must avoid discriminating on the grounds of race or gender. 公司必须避免种族和性别歧视。
vt.&vi. ~ (between A and B) 
The computer program was unable to discriminate between letters and numbers. 这计算机程序不能辨别字母与数字。
When do babies learn to discriminate voices? 婴儿什么时候学会辨别嗓音呢？
A number of features discriminate this species from others. 有许多特征使这一物种与其他物种区别开来。
He is incapable of discriminating between a good idea and a terrible one. 他分不清主意的好坏。
The device can discriminate between the cancerous and the normal cells. 这台仪器可以辨别癌细胞和正常的细胞。

If you readjust something such as a piece of clothing or a mechanical device, you correct or alter its position or setting. 校准; 重置
If you readjust the level of something, your attitude to something, or the way you do something, you change it to make it more effective or appropriate. 调整
When you readjust to a new situation, usually one you have been in before, you adapt to it. 重新适应
readjust |英 [riːə'dʒʌst]  美 [,riə'dʒʌst]| vi. 再调整；重新适应/vt. 使…重新调整；使…重新适应/
Readjust your watch. You are now on Moscow time.校准你的手表。你现在正处于莫斯科时间。
In the end you have to readjust your expectations.最后你得调整你的期望值。
I can understand why astronauts find it difficult to readjust to life on earth.我能明白为什么宇航员们发现难以重新适应地球上的生活。


vt. 常用被动式，指粗鲁无礼或不尊重地对待某人，相当于insult:
n. [C] slight (on sb/sth) 批评…或冒犯某人的行为或话语，如藐视，相当于insult:
adj. [正式] 无需重视的，微不足道的:
adj.（尺寸）细的:
adj.（尺寸）小的:
adj. [正式] 无需重视的，微不足道的:
adj. 程度很小的，即轻微的:
slight |[slaɪt]
She felt slighted because she hadn’t been invited. 她没有受到邀请，觉得受了冷落。
They felt slighted by not being adequately consulted. 因为没有充分地征求他们的意见，他们感到被怠慢了。
a slight on his abilities as a manager 藐视他当经理的能力 
a slight novel 微不足道的小说
physically slight 身材纤细
slight woman 瘦小的女子 
She is smaller and slighter than Christie. 她比克里斯蒂更瘦小更纤弱。
This is a very slight novel. 这是一部颇不足道的小说。
slight increase, slight change, slight delay, slight difference 略微的增长；些微的变化；略微的拖延；些微的差异 
a slight headache 有点头疼 
The damage was slight. 损失很小。
She takes offence at the slightest thing. 她动辄生气。
the slightest hint 些微的迹象 
a slight improvement 轻微的改善 
She gave the slightest of smiles. 她微微笑了一下。

vt. ~ sth (down) 拆卸机器等（以便清洁或修理）:
~ A (off/from B)/~ B (of A) 从某事物上除去一层（尤指使其完全暴露）:
vt. ~ sth (out) 从某处拿走所有东西，使某处空无一物:
~ sb (to sth) 脱掉（自己或别人的）所有（或大部分）衣服:
n. [usually sing.] 脱衣服:
vi. 进行脱衣表演；表演脱衣舞:
n. [usually sing.] 脱衣舞:
n. [C]（海域等的）带状水域:
n. [C]（陆地的）狭长地带:
n. [C]（纸张、金属、织物、食物等的）条、带:
vt. ~ sb of sth 剥夺某人的财产、荣誉、权力、权利、头衔等（作为一种惩罚）:
n. [usually sing.] [尤英]（运动队比赛时穿的）队服:
n. [C] [美] 连环画，相当于comic strip:
n. [C] [美]（有很多商店、饭店等的）商业街:
n. [C] 具有某种特征的一段道路:
strip |[strɪp]
They taught us how to strip down a car engine and put it back together again. 他们教我们拆卸、安装汽车引擎。
Volvo's three-man team stripped the car and restored it. 沃尔沃公司的三人小组将车拆开进行了维修。
vt. ~ sth (off) 
Strip off all the existing paint. 把现有的油漆全部刮掉。
We stripped all the paint off the walls. 我们把油漆全部从墙上刮下来。
The floorboards in both this room and the dining room have been stripped, sanded and sealed. 这个房间和餐厅的木地板都已经被刮除涂层并进行了打磨上蜡。
Deer had stripped the tree of its bark. 鹿啃掉了树皮。
Deer had stripped all the bark off the tree. 鹿把树皮全都啃光了。
The bark is stripped from the trees by hand. 树皮是用手撕下来的。
After the guests had gone, I stripped all the beds (= removed all the sheets in order to wash them). 客人走后，我把被单床单全都撤了下来。
We had to strip out all the old wiring and start again. 我们不得不将原有的线路全部拆除，从头再来。
Strip out any damaged wiring. 清除所有损坏的配线。
Thieves had stripped the house bare. 窃贼把房子劫掠一空。
vt.&vi. ~ sth (off) 
~ (down to sth) 
I stripped and washed myself all over. 我脱掉衣服，把全身洗了洗。
We stripped off and ran down to the water. 我们脱掉衣服，跑进水里。
Office workers stripped down to their shirtsleeves in the heatwave. 热浪中，办公室职员脱得只剩下衬衣。
She stripped down to her underwear. 她把衣服脱得只剩下了内衣。
They stripped completely, and lay in the damp grass. 他们脱光衣服，躺在潮湿的草地上。
Women residents stripped naked in protest. 女性居民裸体以示抗议。
He stood there stripped to the waist (= he had no clothes on the upper part of his body). 他脱光了上衣站在那里。
He stripped to the waist and began to dig. 他脱光上衣开始挖起来。
He was stripped naked and left alone in a cell. 他被扒光衣服单独关进了一间小牢房。
One prisoner claimed he'd been dragged to a cell, stripped and beaten. 一名犯人声称他曾被拖进一间牢房，全身被脱光并遭到毒打。
strip search 光身搜查
strip bar, strip club, strip joint（尤美）脱衣舞酒吧；脱衣舞俱乐部；脱衣舞夜总会 
strip show 脱衣舞表演 
strip poker 脱衣扑克 
to do a strip 表演脱衣舞
The islands are separated by a narrow strip of water. 岛屿之间一衣带水。
a short boat ride across a narrow strip of water 乘船渡过一小段狭窄的带状水域 
coastal strip 狭长的海岸
the Gaza Strip 加沙地带 
The coastal cities of Liguria sit on narrow strips of land lying under steep mountains. 利古里亚的沿海城市坐落在陡峭山脉下的狭长地带上。
long strip 长条 
narrow, thin, tiny strip 窄条；细条；小条 
thick, wide strip 粗条；宽条 
The wallpaper can then be torn off in strips. 随后墙纸就可以一条一条地撕下来。
a strip of material 一块布条 
The simplest rag-rugs are made with strips of fabric plaited together. 最简单的碎布地毯是由碎布条编在一起制成的。
a narrow strip of leather 窄窄的一条皮革 
plastic strip 塑料条 
a new kind of manufactured wood made by pressing strips of wood together and baking them. 一种用木条压紧并烘烤而制成的新型人造木材 
a card with a magnetic strip on the back 背面有磁条的卡 
The kit contains five test strips. 套装内有五个测试条。
chicken strip（尤美）鸡柳 
grilled chicken strips烤鸡柳 
strip steak（美）纽约客牛排 
Cut the meat into strips. 把肉切成条。
The soldiers have stripped the civilians of their passports, and every other type of document. 士兵们已经夺走了平民的护照以及所有其他类型的证件。
The president had been completely stripped of power. 总统的权力已完全被剥夺了。
A senior official was stripped of all his privileges for publicly criticising his employer. 一名高管由于公然批评其老板而被剥夺了所有特权。
He was disgraced and stripped of his title. 他名誉扫地，被取消了头衔。
Juventus in their famous black and white strip 身穿他们闻名遐迩的黑白条队服的尤文图斯队 
the team's away strip (= that they use when playing games away from home) 球队的客场队服
the Doonesbury strip 杜尼斯伯理政治漫画
Sunset Strip 森塞特商业街 
Goff's Charcoal Hamburgers on Lover's Lane, a busy commercial strip in North Dallas 位于北达拉斯的一条名为“情人巷”的繁华商业街上的戈夫炭烤汉堡店
rumble strip（英）（路面的）齿纹震动带 
The road has speed bumps, crash barriers and rumble strips. 这条路上有减速带、防撞护栏和齿纹震动带。
This aircraft requires a good-sized landing strip. 这架飞机需要相当宽的降落跑道。

vt.（果断或高效地）应付，处理，解决（难题、困难局面或任务）:
vt. 对施用暴力或威胁手段的人进行制止或反击，如抓获、给以颜色:
n. [U]（吊拉物体用的）索具，滑轮组:
vt. ~ sb (about sth)（坦率地）向某人交涉（困难情况）:
vt. ~ sb (about sth)（坦率地）向某人提起（问题）:
n. [C] [美]（美式足球中的）负责以擒抱方式进行的阻截的队员:
vt.&vi.（在足球、曲棍球等运动中）抢球:
vt.&vi.（在橄榄球或美式足球中）以擒抱摔倒的方式来阻截对方前进:
n. 1 [C]（足球等运动中的）抢球:
2 [C]（橄榄球或美式足球中的）以擒抱方式进行的阻截:
n. [U]（做某项体育运动或活动所用的）用具，尤指渔具:
tackle |[ˈtækl]
The government is determined to tackle inflation. 政府决心解决通货膨胀问题。
The first reason to tackle these problems is to save children's lives. 果断处理这些问题的首要原因是为了挽救孩子们的生命。
The problem is being tackled with a range of measures. 这个问题正通过一系列措施予以处理。
The drugs problem has to be tackled head-on. 对于毒品问题必须迎头痛击。
We are failing to tackle the key issues. 我们在处理关键问题方面受到挫折。
Firemen later tackled the blaze. 消防队员们后来扑灭了这场大火。
He tackled a masked intruder at his home. 他在家里抓住了一个私自闯入的蒙面人。
He claims Pasolini overtook and tackled him, pushing him into the dirt. 他声称帕索利尼追上去打他，把他推倒在烂泥里。
I finally hoisted him up with a block and tackle. 我最终用滑轮组把他拉了上去。
I tackled him about the money he owed me. 我就他欠我钱的事与他进行了交涉。
I tackled him about how anyone could live amidst so much poverty. 我坦率地问他，人在如此贫穷的环境中如何还能生存。
defensive, offensive tackle 防守截锋；进攻截锋 
left, right tackle 左截锋；右截锋 
nose tackle 正截锋
He was tackled just outside the penalty area. 他就在罚球区外让对方把球抢断。
Foley tackled the quarterback. 福利成功拦截了四分卫。
He can run fast and tackle hard. 他跑得快，阻截凶猛。
bad, crunching, late tackle（均英）恶意铲球；粗暴铲球；铲球过迟 
cover, scything, sliding tackle（均英）补位铲球；抡脚铲球；倒地铲球 
a crunching tackle from her opponent 对手对她的粗暴铲断 
He was booked for a tackle from behind on Morris. 他因从背后铲断莫里斯而被记名警告。
She lost the ball in a tackle. 她在抢断中丢了球。
high tackle（橄榄球比赛中的）过高扑搂 
Their captain was sent off for a high tackle on Cooper. 他们的队长因过高扑搂库珀被罚下场。
flying tackle 鱼跃扑接 
A security guard brought him down with a flying tackle. 一名保安飞身把他扑倒。
football（美）, rugby tackle 美式橄榄球的扑搂；英式橄榄球扑搂 
He bruised his arm making a tackle against the Browns. 他在对布朗队的比赛中扑搂时擦伤了手臂。
fishing tackle 渔具

exclamation. 1 [正变得过时] steady on 用于告诉某人，让其谨慎处理自己正在说的话或正在做的事（例如由于其言行极端或不合适）:
2 用于告诉对方小心，如注意、当心、小心:
adj. 牢牢地固定（或支撑、平衡）住的，不摇晃或不太可能下落的，如稳的、平稳的、稳固的（其含义已将stable包括，但steady更强调“稳”，有一种保持平衡的意味）:
vt.＆vi. steady (yourself/sb/sth) 防止…移动（或震动、下落）；停止移动（或震动、下落）:
adj. 1 以一种匀速和规律的方式逐渐发展（或成长等）的，如稳步的、匀速的，相当于constant:
2 不发生变化或进程不被打断的，如稳定的、恒定的，相当于regular:
3（人）沉稳理智的，可被依靠的:
vi. 停止变化，且再次变得有规律，如恢复平稳、稳定下来:
adv. 稳定且不变化或不震动、不摇动的，如稳定地、稳固地、持续地:
vt. 使某人或某事物平静（或冷静、镇定）:
steady |['stedɪ]
Steady on! You can’t say things like that about somebody you’ve never met. 注意点！你从没见过的人，不要这样议论人家。
Steady! Don’t fall off. 小心！别摔下来。
He held the boat steady as she got in. 他把船稳住，让她上了船。
Such fine work requires a steady hand. 做这样精细的工作手要稳。
Hold the ladder steady! 扶稳梯子！
His gaze was rock steady. 他目不转睛地盯着看。
She steadied herself against the wall. 她靠墙站稳。
The lift rocked slightly, steadied, and the doors opened. 电梯微微一晃又稳了下来，接着门开了。
five years of steady economic growth 经济持续五年的稳步增长 
a steady decline in numbers 数量逐渐下降 
We are making slow but steady progress. 我们虽然缓慢但是在稳步前进。
a steady stream of visitors 稳定的客流 
His breathing was steady. 他呼吸平稳。
steady job, steady income, steady price, steady pace, steady relationship, steady girlfriend 稳定的工作；稳定的收入；稳定的价格；稳定的速度；稳定的关系；关系稳定的女朋友 
Inflation seems to be holding steady. 通货膨胀似乎稳定下来了。
Her heartbeat steadied. 她的心跳平稳下来。
The pound steadied against the dollar. 英镑对美元的汇率稳定下来。
In trading today the dollar held steady against the yen. 在今天的交易中，美元对日元的汇率保持稳定。
He took a few deep breaths to steady his nerves. 他深深地吸了几口气，让自己平静下来。

n. [sing.] 一个群体中较少的一部分；（在一个大的人或事物的群体中）少于一半的部分，即少数，少数派。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
n. [C] 一个社区或国家中（由于种族、宗教、语言等而）与众不同的一个少数群体:
n. [U] 法律上可指处于未成年的一种状态:
minority |[maɪ'nɒrɪtɪ]
a small minority of students 极少数学生 
minority shareholders in the bank 银行的少数股东 
minority opinion, minority view 少数派的观点 
minority rights 少数群体的权利 
minority party 少数党派 
a tiny minority of products 极少数的产品 
We are in the minority on this issue. 在这个问题上，我们是少数派。
The school is 95 per cent minority.（美）这所学校里95%的学生是少数族裔。
Arab minority 阿拉伯少数民族 
Christian minority 基督教少数群体 
black minority 黑人少数群体 
minority community 少数民族社区 
minority culture 少数民族文化 
minority family 少数民族家庭 
minority language 少数民族语言 
cultural, ethnic, national, racial, religious minority 文化少数派；少数民族；少数种族；宗教少数派

If you describe a product as aspirational, you mean that it is bought or enjoyed by people who have strong hopes of moving to a higher social class. 有抱负的人所欣赏的
If you describe someone as aspirational, you mean that they have strong hopes of moving to a higher social status. 有雄心壮志的
aspirational || adj. 有雄心壮志的；（生活形态等）梦寐以求的/n. 成功指南；处世自助手册/
Fine music, particularly opera, has become aspirational, like fine wine or foreign travel.优雅的音乐，尤其是歌剧，已像美酒或海外旅游一样被人追求。
...the typical tensions of an aspirational household....雄心勃勃的家庭里存在的典型的紧张关系。


vt. ~ yourself 控制自己的行为、严格要求自己:
n. [U] 控制自己行为（或生活方式、工作方式等）的能力，如自制力、自律:
n. [C] 训练自己身心（或行为）的方法；符合准则的行为:
n. [C] 训练自己身心（或行为）的方法；符合准则的行为:
n. [C] 知识领域；（尤指大学的）学科，科目:
Students are to be tested on the three core disciplines: mathematics，English and science. 学生要考三门核心科目:
n. [U, C] 为了成功而对自己进行的训练或磨练；也可指作为磨练的一种活动或形势:
vt. 训练、管教某人，让其遵守规则或变得乖巧，尤指管教儿童:
n. [U] 纪律、风纪:
vt. ~ sb (for sth)（为某人的所作所为）惩罚某人:
discipline |[ˈdɪsəplɪn]
He disciplined himself to exercise at least three times a week. 他规定自己每周至少锻炼三次。
Out on the course you must discipline yourself to let go of detailed theory. 在高尔夫球场上，你必须训练自己做到不拘泥于细枝末节的理论。
I'm very good at disciplining myself. 我能做到严格自律。
Dieting is a matter of disciplining yourself. 节食是自我控制的问题。
He'll never get anywhere working for himself--he's got no discipline. 他为自己工作是不会有什么成就的——他毫无自制力。
It was that image of calm and discipline that appealed to voters. 正是那个冷静、自律的形象打动了选民。
It is good discipline to learn to delegate. 学会下放权力是良好的素质。
personal discipline 自律 
mental, spiritual discipline 心理约束；精神约束 
physical discipline 身体约束 
business, commercial, financial, fiscal, industrial, market, monetary discipline 经营管理；商业约束；财政控制；工业控制；市场控制；货币控制 
The government has stabilized the economy through strict fiscal discipline. 通过严格的财政控制，政府稳定了经济。
message discipline（= the practice of only talking about what is relevant to your aims, by a politician）（美）信息控制 
He'll never get anywhere working for himself--he has no discipline. 他单干永远不会成功——他没有自我约束能力。
something to help you bring discipline to your decision-making process 有助于在决策过程中增加克制力的东西 
It takes great discipline to learn a musical instrument. 学习乐器需要高度的自律能力。
a lack of discipline 缺乏自制力
Yoga is a good discipline for learning to relax. 瑜伽是一种学习放松的有效方法。
Yoga is a good discipline for learning to relax. 瑜伽是一种学习放松的有效方法。
core, main, major discipline 核心科目；主要科目 
When did sociology emerge as a distinct discipline? 社会学是何时成为独立学科的? 
established, traditional discipline 老牌的学科；传统的学科 
emerging, new discipline 新兴学科 
social work and its related disciplines 社会工作及相关学科 
academic, intellectual, scholarly discipline 学术科目；知识学科 
They established psychology as an academic discipline. 他们确立了心理学的学科地位。
professional discipline（尤美）专业学科 
humanities, science, scientific discipline 人文学科；理科 
There is a lack of communication across disciplines(= between teachers and students of different subjects). 不同学科之间缺乏交流。
You've got to make sure that people work together across disciplines. 你必须确保让那些出身不同学科的人一起共事。
Within a discipline there may be more than one school of thought. 一个学科内可以有不止一个学派。
academics from diverse academic disciplines 来自不同学科的学者 
multiple disciplines（尤美）多学科 
experts in multiple disciplines 多学科的专家 
The university offers a wide range of disciplines. 大学设有许多不同的学科。
We're looking for people from a wide range of disciplines. 我们需要各个学科的人才。
inner disciplines like transcendental meditation 内省，如冥思静坐 
The discipline of studying music can help children develop good work habits. 音乐学习中的训练可以帮助孩子们培养好的工作习惯。
a guide to the best ways of disciplining your child 管教子女最佳方法指南
Strict discipline is imposed on army recruits. 新兵受严格的纪律约束。
strict military discipline严格的军纪 
He quickly brought order and discipline to the regiment. 他很快使该团秩序井然，纪律严明。
the discipline that the party exercises over its members 该党对其党员实行的纪律 
They submitted to the discipline imposed by their leaders. 他们遵守领导制定的纪律。
student, team discipline 学生纪律；团队纪律 
church, military, party, prison, school, social, work discipline 教规；军纪；党纪；监狱纪律；校纪；社会规约；工作纪律 
parental discipline 家规 
The school has a reputation for high standards of discipline. 这所学校因纪律严格而名闻遐迩。
We need better discipline in our schools. 我们的学校需要更好的纪律。
Order and discipline have been placed in the hands of headmasters and governing bodies. 维持秩序和纪律的工作已交接给了校长和管理机构了。
She keeps good discipline in class. 她严格执行课堂纪律。
discipline problems in the classroom 课堂纪律问题 
The teacher was unable to maintain discipline. 那名老师无法维持纪律。
Students have to learn discipline. 学生要学会守纪律。
The school was criticized for having very poor discipline. 该校被指责纪律很差。
She believes children need discipline. 她认为孩子们需要纪律约束。
a breach of discipline（尤英）违反纪律 
It's unfair to dismiss somebody for a single breach of discipline. 一次违纪就开除，这不公平。
a breakdown of discipline in the classroom 课堂上秩序大乱 
Discipline was too lax. 纪律太松懈了。
The officers were disciplined for using racist language. 这些军官因使用种族歧视性语言而受到惩罚。
The workman was disciplined by his company but not dismissed. 那个工人受到了公司的处罚，但并没有被解雇。
Her husband had at last taken a share in disciplining the boy. 她的丈夫最后也加了进来一起教训那个男孩。

n. 1 [C] 某事发生、改变或开始产生影响的一个水平、数量、限度等，如阈、界、起始点:
2 [usually sing.] 一个新情况、新生命时期等的开端、起点、入门处:
n. [C] 门槛；进门处的地面:
threshold |[ˈθreʃhəʊld;美-hoʊld]
critical threshold 临界阈 
The number of people with the disease is reaching a critical threshold. 此病患者人数即将达到临界关口。
They earn wages below the decency threshold set by the government. 他们的工资低于政府设定的最低标准。
threshold value 阈值 
Below a certain threshold level a person will not be able to detect sound. 声音低于一定门限水平时，人就听不到了。
poverty threshold 贫困线 
boredom threshold（尤英） 忍受无聊的限度 
She has a low threshold of boredom and needs the constant stimulation of physical activity. 她容易厌倦，需要时常进行活动来刺激一下。
I have a high pain threshold (= I can suffer a lot of pain before I start to react). 我的痛阈很高。
tax threshold（尤英）税收起征点 
My earnings are just above the tax threshold (= more than the amount at which you start paying tax). 我的收入刚刚超过征税起点。
Her wages are below the income tax threshold. 她的工资低于个人所得税起征点。
The consensus has clearly shifted in favour of raising the nuclear threshold. 显然大家已普遍开始转向支持提高核武器使用的门槛了。
We are on the threshold of a new era in astronomy. 我们很快就将迎来天文学的新纪元。
a lovely girl on the threshold of growing up 眼看就要长大成人的可爱女孩 
She felt as though she was on the threshold of a new life. 她觉得好像就要开始新生活了。
He stopped at the threshold of the bedroom. 他在卧室门口停住了。
She stood hesitating on the threshold. 她站在门口，犹豫不决。
She stood on the threshold, unsure whether to enter. 她站在门口，不知道是否该进去。
He stepped across the threshold. 他迈过门槛。
He hesitated before stepping across the threshold. 他犹豫了一下才跨过门槛。
The bride was carried over the threshold. 新娘被抱进了家门。

vi.（价值、数额、水平、规模等）急速上升:
vi. ~ (up) (into sth) 快速而平稳地升空:
vi.（情绪）高涨、高昂:
vi.（树木、建筑物等）高耸、耸立:
vi.（音乐）音量猛地增大，音调陡然升高:
vi. 在高空中飞翔或翱翔:
soar |[sɔ:(r)]
The fuel shortage sent prices soaring. 燃料短缺使价格飞涨。
Property stock has soared to new heights. 地产股飞涨并创新高。
soaring costs 猛增的成本 
This model will soar up the sales charts. 该型号的销售业绩将迅速升高。
Retail sales soared by 10% in the twelve months to November. 零售额在截至11月份的12个月中猛增了10%。
Profits have soared dramatically in recent months. 近几个月来利润猛增。
Borrowing is set to soar to an astonishing £60 billion. 借款很有可能猛增至惊人的600亿英镑。
Inflation has soared from 5% to 15%. 通货膨胀率从5%猛增至15%。
Unemployment has soared to 18%. 失业率猛升到了18%。
Insurance claims are expected to soar. 预计保险索赔数量会急剧增加。
soaring temperatures 骤升的温度 
The death toll soared past 100 000. 死亡人数激增，超过了10万人。
The rocket soared (up) into the air. 火箭升空。
She stopped suddenly and her bag went soaring through the air. 她骤然停下，于是手提包嗖地飞到半空中。
Her spirits soared (= she became very happy and excited). 她情绪高涨。
soaring mountains 屹立的群山 
The cliffs soared upward. 峭壁高耸入云。
The building soared above us. 在我们眼前，那座大楼巍然高耸。
The steeple soars skyward. 尖顶高高耸立。
the soaring spire of a church 高耸入云的教堂尖塔
soaring strings 高昂的弦乐 
The music soared to the rafters, carrying its listeners' hearts. 音乐响彻屋宇，震撼人心。
His soaring voice cuts straight to the heart. 他那高昂的声音洞彻心扉。
an eagle soaring high above the cliffs 在山崖上空高高翱翔的鹰 
If you're lucky, a splendid golden eagle may soar into view. 幸运的话，会有一只光彩夺目的金雕飞入你的视野。
Buzzards soar overhead at a great height. 秃鹰在高空翱翔。
The ball went soaring past my head. 那球从我的头顶飞过。

adj. 在整体层面上质量不稳定的:
adj. 在竞争或比赛中，一方的表现远比对方好的:
adj. 形式不规律的，没有规则的尺寸或形状的:
adj. 没有规则的尺寸或形状的:
adj. 一个平面凸凹不平的，不平坦的:
adj. 组织得不规则或不公平的:
adj. 在竞争或比赛中，一方的表现远比对方好的:
uneven |[ʌnˈi:vn]
an uneven performance (= with some good parts and some bad parts) 时好时坏的表现 
The acting is wildly uneven. 演技起伏极大。
Her breathing was quick and uneven. 她的呼吸急促不匀。
What kids experience now is an uneven rate of development. They are forced to be older than their years. 小孩子现在的问题是成长速度不均衡。他们被迫变得比自己的实际年龄老成。
uneven teeth 不整齐的牙齿
uneven teeth 不整齐的牙齿
The floor felt uneven under his feet. 他觉得脚下的地面高低不平。
the uneven surface of the car park 凸凹不平的停车场 
the uneven walls 凸凹不平的墙壁
an uneven distribution of resources 资源的不均衡分配           

~ (that…) 至关重要的、关键的（因会影响其它事情）:
crucial |[ˈkru:ʃl]
adj. ~ (to/for sth) 
crucial factor, crucial issue, crucial decision 关键性的因素；关键性的问题；关键性的决定 
topics of crucial importance 至关重要的课题 
Winning this contract is crucial to the success of the company. 赢得这份合同对这家公司的成败至关重要。
The next few weeks are going to be crucial. 今后几个星期是关键。
It is crucial that we get this right. 我们把这个问题弄明白是极其重要的。
Parents play a crucial role in preparing their child for school. 父母对孩子做好上学的准备起着至关重要的作用。
He wasn't there at the crucial moment (= when he was needed most). 紧要关头他却不在那里。
He had administrators under him but took the crucial decisions himself. 他手下有管理人员，但重要的决策仍由他自己来做。
the most crucial election campaign for years 几年来最重要的竞选活动 
It's absolutely crucial that we get this right. 我们要理解这个问题，这极为关键。
The talks are crucial for the success of the plan. 这些谈判对计划的成败至关重要。
Secrecy is crucial to this police operation. 保密对警方的这次行动至关重要。

n. 1 [U] [英] [美用track and field] 田径运动:
2 [U] [美] 竞技性体育运动:
athletics |[æθˈletɪks]
As the modern Olympics grew in stature, so too did athletics. 随着现代奥林匹克运动会声名远扬，田径运动也越来越受关注。
the International Amateur Athletics Federation 国际业余田径联合会 
indoor, outdoor athletics 室内田径；室外田径 
junior, senior athletics 青少年的田径运动；成人的田径运动 
amateur, schools athletics 业余田径运动；校际田径运动 
My daughter wants to compete in athletics. 我女儿想参加田径竞赛。
She didn't take up athletics until she was 20. 她20岁才开始从事田径运动。
athletics championships, athletics competition, athletics event, athletics meet, athletics meeting 田径运动锦标赛；田径竞赛；田径赛事；田径运动会 
athletics stadium 田径场 
athletics star 田径明星 
athletics coach 田径教练 
athletics club, athletics team 田径俱乐部；田径队 
athletics federation 田径联合会 
athletics official 田径官员 
the hardest event of her athletics career 她田径生涯中最艰难的比赛 
athletics circuit, athletics scene, athletics world 田径巡回赛；田径界 
How long has she been competing on the inter-national athletics circuit? 她参加国际田径巡回赛有多长时间了? 
collegiate, intercollegiate athletics 大学体育运动；大学校际体育运动 
college, high-school athletics 大学体育运动；高中体育运动 
amateur, competitive, professional athletics 业余体育运动；竞技体育运动；职业体育运动 
athletics program 体育运动计划 
athletics department 体育系 
students involved in all forms of college athletics 参加各种大学体育运动的学生 
students who play intercollegiate athletics 参加大学校际体育竞赛的学生

adj.（人）缺乏自信的；需要精神支持的:
adj.（人）没有足够的衣食、住房、医疗等基本生活条件的，即贫穷的:
n. [pl.] the needy可指贫困的人（即没有足够的基本生活条件者）:
needy |[ˈni:di]
emotionally needy 情感上需要支持的
a multinational force aimed at ensuring that food and medicine get to needy Somalis 旨在确保将食物和药品送至贫困的索马里民众手中的多国部队 
a woman who looked needy 一个看起来贫穷的女人 
financially needy 经济上穷困的 
the children of poor and needy parents来自贫困家庭的孩子 
