accelerate					加速
bitter					味苦的，愤恨的，激烈的，艰难的
ambition					志向
confess					认罪，承认，忏悔
confess oneself				承认某事
extent					大小，严重性，程度
accountant					会计师
sheer						十足的，完全的，陡峭的，轻薄的
deliberate					故意的，慎重的，仔细讨论，认真考虑
pave						铺
measure					计量制，标准量，措施，评价，测量
potentially				潜在的
remove					拿走，取消，辞退，搬迁
allergic					过敏性的
available					可获得的，有空的，单身的
initial					首字母，最初的
consensus					一致意见
opponent					对手，反对者
modify					修改，降低，修饰
signify					表示，要紧
accumulate					积累
mining					我的，矿，宝库，地雷，开采
violent					残暴的，猛烈的，突然的
adversity					逆境，灾难
dynamics					充满活力的，动态的，动力
chaos						混乱
persistent					坚持不懈的，持续存在的
ritual					仪式，惯例
criteria					标准
impose					强制执行，将...强加于人
untiring					不屈不挠的，持续不衰的
\\\\\\\\

vi.（交通工具或人）加速。是“加速”的常规用词:
vt.＆vi. 某事发生（或使某事发生）得比预料的更快或更早，即加速:
accelerate |[ək'seləreɪt]
The runners accelerated smoothly around the bend. 赛跑运动员在转弯处平稳地加速。
The car accelerated to overtake me. 那辆汽车加速超过了我。
Inflation continues to accelerate. 通货膨胀不断加速。
Exposure to the sun can accelerate the ageing process. 暴露在日光下会加快老化过程。
The epidemic is accelerating dramatically. 该流行病正以惊人的速度蔓延。

adj. 1（争论、争端、分歧等）激烈而不愉快的，带有很多愤怒与仇恨的:
2（人）由于感到自己受到了不公平对待而生气且不开心的，即愤愤不平的:
adj. 常用于名词前，使人感到非常不开心的；或由巨大的不幸所引起的。如令人不快的，痛苦的，伤心的等:
adj.（天气状况）极端寒冷且令人不快的，如严寒的:
n. 1 [U, C] [英] 一种深色的，有浓烈苦味的啤酒（在英国很受欢迎）:
2 [U] [英] bitters 可指从植物中提取的一种有强烈苦味的酒精液体（可添加到其他酒精饮料中以增加味道）:
adj.（食物等）有苦味的:
bitter |['bɪtə]
a bitter dispute 激烈争论 
She is very bitter about losing her job. 她丢掉了工作，心里很不服气。
Loving relationships can turn bitter. 爱能转化成恨。
The divorce had left her bitter. 离婚让她心怀怨恨。
I felt very bitter towards them. 我对他们极为不满。
to weep bitter tears 伤心落泪 
a bitter disappointment 一件伤心失望的事 
bitter experience 痛苦的经历
bitter cold 严寒 
a bitter wind 刺骨的寒风 
The weather turned bitter. 天气转冷。
A pint of bitter, please. 请来一品脱苦啤酒。
a dash of bitters 少量苦酒
The drink leaves a bitter taste in the mouth. 这饮料在嘴里留下苦味。

ambition (of being/doing sth)（对于成功、财富、权力等所具有的）野心，雄心，志向，抱负等:
ambition (of being/doing sth) 非常想去做（或去实现）的事情，有时可称为目标，夙愿等，程度较深:
ambition (of being/doing sth) 非常想去做（或去实现）的事情，有时可称为目标，夙愿等，程度较深:
ambition |[æm'bɪʃən]
motivated by personal ambition 为个人野心所驱使 
She’s a woman of driving ambition. 她是一个有远大志向的女子。
artistic, career, political ambition 艺术上的追求；职业追求；政治抱负 
the company’s global ambitions 该公司欲在全球实现的目标 
His burning ambition was to study medicine. 他梦寐以求愿望的是学医。
At last he had realized his life’s ambition. 他最终实现了自己一生的夙愿。
artistic, career, political ambition 艺术上的追求；职业追求；政治抱负 
the company’s global ambitions 该公司欲在全球实现的目标 
His burning ambition was to study medicine. 他梦寐以求愿望的是学医。
At last he had realized his life’s ambition. 他最终实现了自己一生的夙愿。

vt.&vi. ~ (to sth/to doing sth) 承认（尤指正式向警方承认）错误或罪行:
vt.&vi. ~ (to sth/to doing sth) 承认让自己感到羞愧或尴尬的事:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (to sb)（尤指在罗马天主教会）向上帝或神父忏悔:
vt.（神父）聆听（某人）的忏悔（或告罪、告解）:
confess |[kənˈfes]
He had confessed to seventeen murders. 他供认了17起谋杀案。
After hours of questioning, the suspect confessed. 经过数小时的审问后，嫌疑犯终于招供。
He confessed that he had stolen the money. 他承认他偷了那笔钱。
We persuaded her to confess her crime. 我们说服她坦白她的罪行。
Her husband confessed to having had an affair. 她丈夫承认有过外遇。
She was reluctant to confess her ignorance. 她不愿承认她的无知。
I must confess to knowing nothing about computers. 我得承认对电脑一窍不通。
I confess myself bewildered by their explanation. （正式用法）我承认他们的解释使我感到困惑。
I must confess that I didn't have much faith in her ideas. 我必须承认对她的想法我没什么信心。
She confessed to me that she had known his true identity for some time. 她向我承认她知道他的真实身份已有一段时间了。
You just go to the church and confess your sins. 你干脆去教堂忏悔自己的罪过吧。
Once we have confessed our failures and mistakes to God, we should stop feeling guilty. 一旦我们向上帝告明了自己的过失和错误，就不该再觉得内疚。

n. [sing., U] 一个区域的物理面积:
n. [sing., U] 一个区域的物理范围:
n. [sing., U] 程度（即多么大、多么重要、多么严重等）:
extent |[ɪkˈstent]
The park is about 20 acres in extent. 公园大约有20英亩大。
Their commitment was only to maintain the extent of forests, not their biodiversity. 他们仅承诺维持现有森林面积，并不保证林区生物的多样性。
geographical, territorial extent 地理范围；领土范围 
a statement defining the extent of Latvia's territory 界定拉脱维亚领土范围的声明 
to reduce the extent of deforestation 缩小森林砍伐的范围 
You can't see the full extent of the beach from here. 从这儿看不到海滩全貌。
It is difficult to assess the full extent of the damage. 损失情况难以全面估计。
She was exaggerating the true extent of the problem. 她在夸大问题的真实程度。
Those figures actually understate the extent of the problem. 那些数字实际上低估了问题的严重性。
I was amazed at the extent of his knowledge. 他知识之渊博令我惊奇。
The government itself has little information on the extent of industrial pollution. 政府本身几乎不了解工业污染的程度。
Growing up with him soon made me realise the extent of his determination. 和他一起长大让我很快意识到他有多么坚定。
The overall extent of civilian casualties remained unclear. 平民伤亡总数还不清楚。
The railway network had reached its greatest extent in route mileage. 铁路网的里程数已达到最大限度。
We do not yet know the extent of her injuries. 我们还不知道她的伤情。
The operation revealed the extent of the cancer. 手术揭示出癌变的程度。
The victory underlined the extent to which Prussia had become a major power. 这场胜利凸显出普鲁士在很大程度上已成为一个大国。
It was and, to a large extent, still is a good show. 它过去是个好节目，现在在很大程度上仍是个好节目。
To an extent (= to some degree) East-West distrust continued throughout the war. 从某种程度上来说，东西方之间在整个战争期间一直相互不信任。
He had withdrawn from the company of his friends to an alarming extent. 他大幅减少和朋友们的来往，已经到了令人担忧的程度。
At its greatest extent the empire comprised most of western France. 在帝国全盛时期，法国西部的大部分地区均为其领土。
To some extent, we are all responsible for this tragic situation. 我们在某种程度上都对这一悲惨的状况负有责任。
The pollution of the forest has seriously affected plant life and, to a lesser extent, wildlife. 森林污染对植物有严重的影响，对野生动物也有一定影响。
I will answer your questions about this case to the extent possible. 我将尽可能地回答你关于此案的问题。
People no longer live in small communities to the same extent as they used to. 今天生活在小社区的人不像从前那样多。
To some extent this was the truth. 在某种程度上，这是事实。
It's still not clear to what extent this criticism is originating from within the ruling party. 目前仍不清楚这种批评有多少是来自执政党内部。
To that extent they helped bring about their own destruction. 他们正是如此推波助澜，导致了自己的毁灭。
He said he didn't like the president, but not to the extent of wanting to kill him. 他说他不喜欢总统，但是还没有到想要刺杀他的地步。
I became pregnant but this man was very violent towards me to the extent that I lost our baby. 我怀孕了，但是这个男人对我非常粗暴，致使我流产了。

n. [C] 一个从事会计行业的人，即会计员，会计师:
accountant |[ə'kaʊntənt]
certified public（美）, chartered（英）accountant 注册会计师；特许会计师 
professional accountant 专业会计师 
independent accountant 独立会计师 
company’s chief accountant 公司的总会计师

adj. 非常陡峭的:
adv. 垂直地、陡峭地、直上直下地:
adj.（织物等）轻、薄且几乎透明的:
adj.（织物等）轻、薄且几乎透明的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 完全的且不包含任何其它事物的，如纯粹的、十足的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 用于强调某事物的大小、程度或数量:
sheer |[ʃɪə(r);美ʃɪr]
sheer cliffs, sheer slopes 悬崖峭壁；陡坡 
Outside there was a sheer drop down to the sea below. 外面是一道陡坡，直插大海。
There was a sheer drop just outside my window. 陡坡就在我窗户外面。
A young man plunged from a sheer rock face to his death. 一名男青年从陡峭的岩壁上坠崖身亡。
The cliffs rise sheer from the beach. 悬崖从海滩上拔地而起。
The ground dropped sheer away at our feet. 在我们脚下，地势陡降。
sheer nylon 透明尼龙 
sheer black tights 极薄的黑色紧身裤
sheer nylon 透明尼龙
His music is sheer delight. 听他的音乐完全是一种享受。
I only agreed out of sheer desperation. 我一时情急才同意的。
Sheer chance quite often plays an important part in sparking off an idea. 灵感的激发通常纯粹是靠运气。
The area is under threat from the sheer number of tourists using it. 这一地区由于游客人数太多而面临威胁。
We were impressed by the sheer size of the cathedral. 大教堂的宏大规模给我们留下了深刻的印象。          

adj. 故意的、蓄意的:
adj.（动作或行为）慢而仔细的，如小心翼翼的、不慌不忙的、从容的:
vt.&vi.（通常在做重大决定之前）仔细考虑某事:
deliberate |[dɪˈlɪbərət]
a deliberate act of vandalism 故意毁坏的行为 
The speech was a deliberate attempt to embarrass the government. 这一发言故意使政府难堪。
It has a deliberate policy to introduce world art to Britain. 它在政策上有意识地将世界艺术介绍给英国。
Witnesses say the firing was deliberate and sustained. 目击者说枪击是蓄意而且持续的。         
She spoke in a slow and deliberate way. 她说话慢条斯理不慌不忙。
His movements were gentle and deliberate. 他举止文雅而从容。
stepping with deliberate slowness up the steep paths 小心翼翼地沿着陡峭的小路慢慢往上走
The jury deliberated for five days before finding him guilty. 陪审团认真讨论了五天才裁定他有罪。
They deliberated on whether to continue with the talks. 他们仔细考虑了是否继续谈判的问题。
She deliberated over the decision for a long time before she made up her mind. 她慎重考虑了好久才下定决心做出这一决定。

cover (a piece of ground) with flat stones or bricks; lay paving over:用平坦的石头或砖块覆盖（一块地面）；铺路
pave |peɪv| Noun/Verb/:铺平,铺,铺路
the yard at the front was paved with flagstones:前面的院子是用石板铺的

n. [C] measure (to do sth)（为达到某一目的所采取的）正式行动，可称为措施。是一个常规用词，最常用:
n. [C] [英]（尤指酒，如白兰地或威士忌）标准的一杯的量:
vt. measure (sb/sth) (for sth)（以标准单位来）测量，度量（尺寸、数量等）。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
Measure the length and width. 测量一下长和宽。linking verb.（尺寸、长度、数量等）量度的数值为…:
n. [C] 测量或计量所用的工具或仪器（如标有刻度单位的尺子、容器等）:
n. 1 [sing.] 表示尺寸、强度、严重程度等的标记，即尺度，标准，程度等:
2 [C, U] 用于度量的单位；计量体系或标准:
3 [C] [英]（尤指酒，如白兰地或威士忌）标准的一杯的量:
vt. 判断（或估量）…的重要性、价值、影响力等，相当于assess:
n. [C] 对…所做的判断或衡量:
n. [C] measure (to do sth)（为达到某一目的所采取的）正式行动，可称为措施。是一个常规用词，最常用:
n. [C] [美] [英用bar]（乐谱的）小节:
n. [sing.] 一定的数量或程度（尤指相当大的量），相当于degree:
measure |['meӡə]
The government is introducing tougher measures to combat crime. 政府正在采取更强硬的措施来打击犯罪。
emergency, temporary, remedial measure 紧急措施；临时措施；补救措施 
protective, safety, security measure 防护措施；安全措施 
a package of measures aimed at cutting pollution 旨在减少污染的一揽子措施
a generous measure of whisky 比标准量稍多一点的威士忌
A ship’s speed is measured in knots. 船速以节测量。
to measure the level of radiation in the atmosphere 测量大气层中的辐射等级 
measuring instruments 测量仪器 
The main bedroom measures 12ft by 15ft. 主卧室宽12英尺，长15英尺。
The pond measures about 2 metres across. 这个池塘宽约2米。
It measures 20 yards from side to side. 从这边到那边的距离为20码。
Sending flowers is a measure of how much you care. 你派人送花就说明你是多么关心。
GDP is a broad measure of a country’s economic activity. 国内生产总值是衡量一个国家经济活动的一个宽泛指标。
weights and measures 度量衡 
The Richter Scale is a measure of ground motion. 里氏震级是测量地动的单位。
liquid measure 液量 
measure of weight 重量的计量 
a generous measure of whisky 比标准量稍多一点的威士忌
The policy’s impact cannot be easily measured. 这一政策的影响难以估量。
The school’s performance is measured against a strict set of criteria. 学校的工作业绩是根据一套严格的标准来衡量的。
Success cannot be measured merely in terms of the size of your salary. 成功与否不能仅以工资的多少来衡量。
an accurate measure of ability 对能力的准确评判 
a good measure of reading comprehension 评判阅读理解力的好方法
The government is introducing tougher measures to combat crime. 政府正在采取更强硬的措施来打击犯罪。
emergency, temporary, remedial measure 紧急措施；临时措施；补救措施 
protective, safety, security measure 防护措施；安全措施 
a package of measures aimed at cutting pollution 旨在减少污染的一揽子措施
The band began playing the opening measures. 乐队开始演奏开头几个小节。
a steady rhythm of four beats to a measure 每小节四拍的稳定节奏
a measure of technical knowledge 一些技术知识 
some measure of success 相当大的成功 
His success was due in large measure to your help. 他的成功很大程度上归功于你的帮助。
He’s been praised and condemned in equal measure. 他得到的赞扬和指责各占一半。

 Or, at least, it can potentially change these aspects of the messaging network.  或者，它至少可以潜在地更改消息网络的这些方面。
 My impression is that people, or fans, or people potentially on the fence, they like it when you come out and fight.  他说：“我的印象是，人们，或者车迷，或者那些潜在的骑墙派，他们喜欢你站出来进行反驳；
 Well, except for one, potentially.  好吧，除了一点，潜在的一点。
potentially || adv. 可能地，潜在地/



vt. 解除或免除（某人的职务等）。暗示有其他人来接班:
vt. 1 remove sth/sb (from sth/sb) 将…从某地移开、拿开等:
2 remove sth (from sb/sth) 去除或清除令人不快的、脏的等事物；使某事物消失:
vt.（从身体上）脱去（衣服等）:
n. [C, U] [正式] 两个相分离的事物之间的间距、差距、距离:
remove |[rɪ'mu:v]
The elections removed the government from power. 这次选举使得政府倒台。
He removed his hand from her shoulder. 他将手从她的肩膀上拿开。
Fittings should be completely removed for cleaning. 装置得全部移走以方便清扫。
to remove the dirty dishes 端走脏盘子 
Illegally parked vehicles will be removed. 非法停放的车辆将被拖走。
He was removed from the school. 他被学校开除。
She has had the tumour removed. 她的肿瘤已经切除了。
These stains can be difficult to remove. 这些污渍可能很难清除。
to remove problems, to remove obstacles, to remove objections, to remove hopes 解决问题；排除障碍；消除异议；断绝希望 
to remove barriers to communication between people 消除人们之间的沟通障碍 
The news removed any doubts about the company’s future. 这个消息消除了一切有关公司未来的疑虑。
She removed her glasses. 她摘下眼镜。
He seemed to be living at one remove from reality. 他好像生活在现实之外。

adj. [非正式，幽默] 不作前置定语，对…十分厌恶的:
adj. 1 allergic (to sth) 对…过敏的。是“过敏”的常规用词:
2 由过敏引起的:
allergic |[ə'lə:dʒɪk]
She is allergic to housework. 她很讨厌做家务。
I’m allergic to cats. 我对猫过敏。
an allergic rash 过敏性皮疹 
to cause allergic reactions 引起过敏反应

adj. 可找到的:
adj.（一个人）有空去见别人的，或有空和别人谈话的，即有空的:
adj.（事物）可获得（或得到）的、可买到的、可找到的:
adj.（事物）可买到的:
available |[ə'veɪləbl]
Every available doctor was called to the scene. 所有能找到的医生都被召集到了现场。
Will she be available this afternoon? 今天下午她有空吗？
I’ll let you know as soon as she becomes available. 她一有空我就通知你。
not available for comment 没空评论（或无可奉告）
available resources, available facilities 可利用的资源；可利用的设施 
When will the information be made available? 何时才可以了解到情况？
Further information is available on request. 详情备索。
This was the only room available. 这是唯一可用的房间。
Every available doctor was called to the scene. 所有能找到的医生都被召集到了现场。
The books are available for purchase. 这些书可以买到。
The houses are built using locally available materials. 这些房子是就地取材建造的。
immediately available funds 可随时取用的资金 
Grants should be available for most students. 助学金应面向多数学生。
We’ll send you one as soon as it becomes available. 一有货我们就给您寄一个。
The product will now be made available throughout the market. 这种产品现在可以在市场上买到。
The books are available for purchase. 这些书可以买到。

adj. 只用于名词前，在开始发生的，最初的，开始的，第一的:
vt. 用全名的各个首字母之和（initials）在某事物上签名:
n. 1 [C] 一个人的名字（first name）的第一个字母（即首字母）:
2 [pl.] initials 一个人的全名的各个部分的首字母之和:
initial |[ɪ'nɪʃl]
an initial payment of £60 60英镑的首期付款 
in the initial stages of the campaign 运动的最初阶段 
My initial reaction was to decline the offer. 我最初的反应是要婉言谢绝这个提议。
Please initial. 请用姓名的首字母签字。
‘What initial is it, Mrs Owen?’ ‘It’s J, J for Jane.’ “首字母是什么，欧文太太？”“是J，Jane的J。” 
John Fitzgerald Kennedy was often known by his initials JFK. 人们常以姓名的首字母JFK称约翰·菲茨杰拉德·肯尼迪。
Just write your initials. 写下你的姓名首字母即可。

consensus (that ...)指一个群体内所有成员所达成的共识。其含义已为agreement所完全包括，只是consensus使用的语境通常较为正式:
consensus |[kən'sensəs]
consensus (about sth) 
There is a growing consensus of opinion on this issue. 对这个问题的看法日趋一致。
a universal consensus about the problems of the exchange rate system 关于汇率机制问题的普遍共识 
tacit, unspoken consensus 默契 
scientific consensus 科学界的共识 
a lack of consensus 缺乏共识 

n. 1 [C] 比赛、竞争、争论等活动中的对手、竞争者:
2 [C] ~ (of sth) 某事的反对者、阻止者:
opponent |[əˈpəʊnənt;美əˈpoʊ-]
political opponent 政敌 
dangerous, worthy, formidable opponent 危险的对手；势均力敌的对手；强大的对手 
The team's opponents are unbeaten so far this season. 该队的竞争对手本赛季尚无败绩。
Today she faces her toughest opponent on Centre Court. 今天在中央球场，她遭遇了最难应付的对手。
He has knocked out 15 opponents in 20 fights. 他在20场比赛中击倒了15个对手。
opponents of abortion 反对堕胎的人 
opponents of the regime 反对政权的人 
She's an outspoken opponent of the government. 她直言自己反政府。

vt. 使某事物不极端，如缓和:
vt. 稍作修改（以使其更适合于某一目的）:
vt. [语法] 修饰:
It is a rule of English that adjectives generally precede the noun they modify: we say'a good cry', not 'a cry good'. 英语规定形容词通常放在其修饰的名词前:
modify |[ˈmɒdɪfaɪ;美ˈmɑ:d-]
to modify your behaviour, to modify your language, to modify your views 使你的行为更容易让人接受；使你的语言更容易让人接受；使你的观点更容易让人接受
The software we use has been modified for us. 我们使用的软件已按我们的需要作过修改。
A highly modified version of the program is being used. 正在使用的是该程序经过大幅修改的版本。
The club members did agree to modify their recruitment policy. 俱乐部成员的确同意修改吸纳新成员的政策。
The plane was a modified version of the C-130. 这种飞机是C-130的改进机型。
Patients are taught how to modify their diet. 病人获得有关如何调节自己饮食的指导。
genetically modified organisms 转基因生物 
You may need to modify your plans a little. 或许你需要稍稍改动一下你的计划。
Stories and characters had to be modified to fit a 21st-century audience. 为了适应21世纪的观众，不得不对故事和人物作一些改动。
We can modify the service for local conditions. 我们可以针对当地条件对服务进行调整。
These ideas are still used today, though in a slightly modified form. 这些构想如今仍在采用，只是形式稍有些变化。
The original text has been modified so radically that it is barely recognizable. 原文改动得如此彻底，几乎面目全非。
In ‘walk slowly’, the adverb ‘slowly’ modifies the verb ‘walk’. 在walk slowly中，副词slowly修饰动词walk。
我们说a good cry，不说a cry good。

be an indication of:be表示
be a symbol of; have as meaning:be的象征；有作为意义
(of a person) indicate or declare (a feeling or intention):（某人的）表示或声明（感觉或意图）
be of importance:重要
(among black Americans) exchange boasts or insults as a game or ritual:（在美国黑人中）交换吹嘘或侮辱作为游戏或仪式
signify |ˈsɪɡnɪfʌɪ| Verb/:表示,意味着,表明
this decision signified a fundamental change in their priorities:这个决定标志着他们的优先事项发生了根本性的变化
the church used this image to signify the Holy Trinity:教会用这个形象来表示三位一体
signify your agreement by signing the letter below:通过签署下面的信件来表示您的同意
the locked door doesn't necessarily signify:锁着的门并不一定意味着
I wasn't signifying at her:我不是在暗示她

vt. 某事物在一段时间内逐渐变得越来越多，即积累，相当于amass。是一个常规用词:
vi. 数量或数额在一段时间内逐渐增加，相当于build up:
accumulate |[ə'kju:mjəleɪt]
to accumulate a lot of books 收集很多书 
to accumulate a fortune 积累一笔财富 
Debts began to accumulate. 债务开始增加。
Dirt must not be allowed to accumulate. 绝对不可以让灰尘积聚。
Toxic chemicals tend to accumulate in the body. 有毒化学物质容易在体内聚积。
accumulate over the years, accumulate over time 日积月累

Mining is the industry and activities connected with getting valuable or useful minerals from the ground, for example coal, diamonds, or gold. 矿业
mining |英 ['maɪnɪŋ]  美 ['maɪnɪŋ]| n. 矿业；采矿/
...traditional industries such as coal mining and steel making.…像采煤和炼钢这样的传统工业。


adj. 表现出强烈感情的，或由其引起的:
adj. 指颜色极其明亮的，即鲜艳夺目的:
adj. 涉及肢体暴力的，或由肢体暴力引起的。是此义的基础和常规用词，最为常用:
adj. 非常强烈而突然的，即猛烈的，剧烈的，强烈的:
violent |['vaɪələnt]
There was a violent reaction from the public. 公众反应强烈。
Her dress was a violent pink. 她的连衣裙是非常鲜艳的粉红色。
violent crime 暴力犯罪 
violent clashes 暴力冲突 
The crowd suddenly turned violent. 人群中突然有人开始大打出手。
violent games 暴力游戏 
violent movies 暴力电影 
a violent man 粗暴的人 
to be violent toward sb 对某人动粗 
She started to get violent. 她开始变得暴虐。
He met with a violent death. 他遭暴力致死。
violent opposition to the programme 对该项目的强烈反对 
violent stomachache 剧烈的胃疼 
a violent change 剧烈的变化 
a violent explosion 猛烈的爆炸 
a violent storm 猛烈的暴风雨 
a violent dislike 强烈的厌恶

n. [U, C] [正式] 困境、逆境、厄运:
adversity |[ədˈvɜ:səti;美-ˈvɜ:rs-]
courage in the face of adversity 面对逆境的勇气 
He overcame many personal adversities. 他克服了多次个人不幸。
He showed courage in adversity. 他在逆境中表现出了勇气。
When faced with adversity she was never tempted to give up. 面对逆境她从未想过放弃。
patience in adversity 在逆境中保持耐心


dynamics |英 [daɪ'næmɪks]  美 [daɪ'næmɪks]| n. 动力学，力学/



n. [U] 一种彻底混乱且缺乏秩序的状态:
chaos |['keɪɒs]
administrative, domestic, financial, traffic chaos 管理混乱；国内混乱；财务混乱；交通混乱 
The country is sliding into economic chaos. 该国正逐渐陷入经济混乱状态。
The game ended in chaos. 这场比赛以混乱而告终。
Chaos broke out when the fire started. 起火时发生了混乱。
The house was in chaos after the party. 聚会后，房子里一片狼藉。

adj. 持续长时间而不间断的；或经常反复出现的（尤指不好的状态或情况持续存在，且此过程无法阻止）:
adj. 尽管有困难但依然决心去做某事的（尤指做此事时遭遇到别人的反对），即执着的:
persistent |[pəˈsɪstənt;美pərˈs-]
persistent rain 阴雨连绵 
Some infections can be quite persistent. 有些传染病十分顽固。
a persistent cough 持续不断的咳嗽 
The weeds were very persistent. 野草的生命力很强。
a stubbornly persistent unemployment problem 顽固持久的失业问题
How do you deal with persistent salesmen who won't take no for an answer? 你怎么对付那些不轻言放弃、一直纠缠下去的推销员？
He phoned again this morning. He's very persistent. 今天早晨他又打来了电话。他非常执著。
a persistent critic of the government's transport policies 对政府交通政策一直持批评态度的人 
a persistent offender (= a person who continues to commit crimes after they have been caught and punished) 惯犯

n. [C, U] 习惯、老规矩:
adj.（言行）习惯的、老套的，尤指不真诚地例行公事的:
n. [C, U] 仪规，尤指涉及很多固定程序的宗教仪式:
adj. 作为仪规或仪式的一部分的:
ritual |[ˈrɪtʃuəl]
daily, nightly, Sunday ritual 日常惯例；晚间惯例；周日惯例 
Eating around the table was a family ritual that could not be broken. 围着桌子吃饭是一个不可打破的家庭规矩。
A cognac before bed is one of our little nightly rituals. 临睡前喝点儿白兰地是我们每天晚上的小习惯之一。
She had to go through the ritual of kissing the toys before her son would go to sleep. 她得亲吻一遍玩具后儿子才肯睡觉。
Sunday lunch with the in-laws has become something of a ritual. 星期天，和姻亲们共进午餐已经成了例行的公事。
The whole Italian culture revolves around the ritual of eating. 整个意大利的文化都以饮食习惯为中心。
Cocktails at the Plaza was a nightly ritual of their sophisticated world. 到广场饭店喝鸡尾酒是他们这个高雅时髦的圈子中的人每晚必做的事情。
Jake began the evening ritual of asking about everyone's day. 杰克晚上开始例行公事地询问大家一天的情况。
She makes an elaborate ritual of the washing-up. 她洗刷饭后餐具的程序总是相当复杂。
Her visits to her aged father have become a ritual. 她看望老父已成了一种习惯。
Bargaining at the markets is now just an empty ritual. 市场上的讨价还价现在只不过是走走形式罢了。
ritual expressions of sympathy 例行公事地表示同情 
I realized that here the conventions required me to make the ritual noises. 我意识到此时按照惯例我应该说些客套话。
religious rituals 宗教仪式 
ancient, primitive ritual 古老的仪式；原始的仪式 
elaborate, solemn ritual 精心安排的仪式；庄严的仪式 
secret ritual 秘密的仪式 
magic ritual 魔法仪式 
public ritual 公共仪式 
voodoo ritual 巫毒仪式 
burial, cleansing, courtship, fertility, funerary, healing, initiation, mating, mourning ritual 丧葬仪式；净身仪式；求爱仪式；生育仪式；治疗仪式；入会仪式；交配仪式；哀悼仪式 
hazing ritual（美）捉弄人的仪式 
This is the most ancient, and holiest of the Shinto rituals. 这是最古老、最神圣的神道教仪式。
rituals performed by druids at Stonehenge on Midsummer's Day 德鲁伊教徒在施洗约翰节时举行的仪式 
Boys undergo a circumcision ritual to usher them into adulthood. 男孩子经历割礼仪式进入成年。
Their funerals follow the rituals of the Catholic church. 他们的葬礼遵循天主教会的仪式。
They practice/practice certain rituals in connection with rites of passage. 他们每次开启人生的重要阶段时都需要举行某些仪式。
ritual chanting 礼仪上的圣咏演唱 
fastings and ritual dancing 斋戒和传统舞蹈 
an act of ritual suicide 仪式性的自杀行为 
ritual murder, ritual sacrifice, ritual slaughter 仪式性的谋杀；仪式性的牺牲；仪式性的屠杀

A criterion is a factor on which you judge or decide something. (判断的) 标准
criteria |英 [kraɪ'tɪərɪə]  美 [kraɪ'tɪrɪə]| n. 标准，条件（criterion的复数）/
The most important criterion for entry is that applicants must design and make their own work.参加的最重要标准就是申请人必须设计并制作自己的作品。


vt. ~ sth (on/upon sth/sb) 推行或采用一项新法律、规则、税收、技术、解决方案等；（权威方）以命令的形式强制实行一项规则、惩罚措施等:
vt. ~ sth (on/upon sb/sth) 强加限制、约束等:
vt. ~ sth (on/upon sb) 使某人承受压力、负担、痛苦等:
vt. ~ sth (on/upon sb) 强行使某人接受你的观点、信仰、愿望等:
vi. ~ (on/upon sb/sth) 当某人可能不便的时候，勉强其为你做某事或花时间与你在一起:
vt. ~ yourself (on/upon sb/sth) 使某人或某事物接受或意识到你的在场或你的想法:
vt. ~ sth (on/upon sth/sb) 征收税款:
impose |[ɪmˈpəʊz;美ɪmˈpoʊz]
centrally impose（尤英）中央强制推行 
to meet externally imposed targets 达成外部强加的目标 
A new tax was imposed on fuel. 当局开始对燃油征收一项新税。
to impose fines on airlines 对航空公司课以罚款 
Many companies have imposed a pay freeze. 许多公司已经强制冻结了工资。
New technology cannot be used successfully if it is simply imposed on an unwilling workforce. 如果工人不愿意使用新技术却强迫他们使用，新技术是不能得到成功应用的。
People did not accept these national borders which had been arbitrarily imposed. 民众不接受这些以蛮横方式强行划定的国界。
One side in the conflict cannot unilaterally impose a settlement. 冲突的一方不能单方面强加一种解决方案。
to impose limitations, to impose restrictions, to impose constraints 强行限制；强行管制；强行约束 
The government has imposed a ban on the sale of handguns. 政府已下令禁止销售手枪。
The terms of the contract were effectively imposed rather than agreed. 合同的条件实际上不是双方同意而是强加的。
The filming imposed an additional strain on her. 拍摄任务使她承受了格外大的压力。
the pressures imposed upon teachers by ceaseless curriculum reforms 无休止的课程改革使教师承受的压力 
This system imposes additional financial burdens on many people. 这个制度给很多人增加了额外的经济负担。
She didn't want to impose her values on her family. 她并不想勉强家人接受自己的价值观。
You can't impose your will on the others. 你不能把自己的意志强加给别人。
Parents should beware of imposing their own tastes on their children. 父母应切记不要把自己的喜好强加给孩子。
Motivation to learn must come from the child; it cannot be artificially imposed. 学习的动机必须来自儿童本身——不能人为强加。
‘You must stay for lunch. ’ ‘Well, thanks, but I don't want to impose…’ “你一定得留下吃午饭。”“唔，谢谢，但我不想添麻烦…” 
Everyone imposes on Dave's good nature. 大家都欺负戴夫脾气好。
I was afraid you'd simply feel we were imposing on you. 我担心你会觉得我们是在勉强你。
'Mum thinks I should stop imposing on your hospitality, Leo,' said Grace. “利奥，我妈妈觉得我不应该再在这儿麻烦你了，”格雷丝说。
I didn't want to impose myself on my married friends. 我不想打扰自己已婚的朋友。
European civilization was the first to impose itself across the whole world. 欧洲文明是最先传扬到全世界的。
A new tax was imposed on fuel. 当局开始对燃油征收一项新税。
to impose fines on airlines 对航空公司课以罚款                       

If you describe a person or their efforts as untiring, you approve of them because they continue what they are doing without slowing down or stopping. (人、努力)不知疲倦的
untiring |英 [ʌn'taɪərɪŋ]  美 [ʌn'taɪrɪŋ]| adj. 不知疲倦的；不屈不挠的；坚持不懈的/
...an untiring fighter for justice, democracy and tolerance....一位不知疲倦的为公正，民主和宽容而奋斗的斗士。

