magnify					放大，扩大
utilization				利用
twist						转动，弯曲，缠绕，打结，转折
expedition					远征，短途出行
switch					开关，转变，调换，改变
inheritance				继承物，继承
sponsor					赞助者，资助，倡议
deterioration				恶化
ongoing					持续的，发展中的
refreshing					提神的
incidentally				附带的，偶然
imprison					关押
present					在场的，当前的，礼物，提交，呈现，介绍
uninformed					无知的
overlap					部分重叠，相同之处
slim						纤细的，些许的，减肥
urban						城市的
rank						地位，等级，排
untrustworthy				不可信赖的
automatically				自动的，不假思索的，必然的
accountable				应作解释的，负有责任的
collaborative				合作的
practice					实践，练习，常规，习惯
diligence					勤奋
victim					受害者
urge						欲望，力劝，驱赶
fertility					生育能力，丰富性
foundation					创建，地基，基础，根据
reception					欢迎，接待，接待处，招待会
elite						精英
\\\\\\\\

vt.（例如用透镜或显微镜）将…放大:
vt. 增加…的效果或尺寸:
vt. 使…更大、更大声或更强:
vt. 夸大重要性或严重程度。相当于exaggerate:
vt. 加剧:
magnify |[ˈmægnɪfaɪ]
bacteria magnified to 1 000 times their actual size 放大了1 000倍的细菌 
The picture shows the insect's head magnified ten times. 这张图片上显示的是放大了十倍的这种昆虫的头部。
an image magnified by a factor of 4 放大了4倍的图像 
This version of the Digges telescope magnifies images 11 times. 这种型号的迪格斯望远镜可将图像放大11倍。
A lens would magnify the picture so it would be like looking at a large TV screen. 透镜会把图片放大，就像在看巨大的电视屏幕一样。
to magnify effect 放大效果 
The sound was magnified by the high roof. 高高的屋顶使声音更响亮。
Their noises were magnified in the still, wet air. 他们的喧闹声在凝滞而潮湿的空气中显得更吵了。
They do not grasp the broad situation and spend their time magnifying ridiculous details. 他们不去把握大局，而是在细枝末节上花费时间大做文章。
The daring of his exploits had been hugely magnified by constant telling. 他的英勇事迹几经传颂已被极度夸大了。
The dry summer has magnified the problem of water shortages. 干燥的夏季加剧了缺水的问题。
Poverty and human folly magnify natural disasters. 贫困和人类的愚昧加剧了自然灾难。

 To get the time the contributor needs, we should consider the utilization rate of the contributor.  为了得到操作者所需要的时间，我们应该考虑操作者的使用频率。
 For someone to realize the value of information, you need to organize data to permit rapid discovery and utilization.  要使某人实现信息的价值，您需要相应地组织数据以允许快速的发现和利用。
 By looking at the individual process utilization within a DPAR, we can see what impact these tasks have on our data.  通过查看 DPAR 中个别进程使用情况，我们可以看到这些任务对我们的数据产生什么影响。
utilization |英 [,juːtɪlaɪ'zeɪʃən]  美 [ˌjuːtəlaɪ'zeɪʃn]| n. 利用，使用/



vt.＆vi. 1 扭转或转动身体部位（其余部位保持不动）:
2 快速且剧烈地转动或扭动身体，并经常改变方向:
n. [C] 身体的扭动、转动等:
vi. twist (round/around sth) 缠绕在某事物周围生长:
vi.（江河等）弯曲且经常改变方向，如曲折、蜿蜒、盘旋:
n. [C]（江河等的）急转弯处:
vt. 故意曲解某人所说过的话；为得到好处或伤害别人而歪曲事实。相当于misrepresent:
vt. 用手转动或旋转某事物:
n. [C] 用手对某事物进行的转动、旋转:
n. [C] 一个故事或情况的意外转折（或发展）:
vt. 将某事物缠绕在一个物体上。与wind存在一定交集，不过twist还可表示一种“纠缠”的形式:
vi. twist (round/around sth) 缠绕在某事物周围而移动或生长:
vt. 1 把某事物弯曲或扭曲成某一形状。且twist更多情况下表示“扭曲”:
2 twist sth (into sth) 把线等捻（或搓、绞）在一起，使其更长或更粗:
vt.＆vi. 把某事物弯曲或扭曲到一个非正常或非自然的形状或位置:
n. [C] 用手对某事物进行的转动、旋转、拧、捻、搓等:
n. [C] 被扭成某一形状的东西:
vt. 扭伤或崴伤身体部位（尤指脚踝、手腕或膝盖）:
vi.（道路等）弯曲且经常改变方向，如曲折、蜿蜒、盘旋:
n. [C]（道路等的）急转弯处:
twist |[twɪst][twɪst][twɪst]
She twisted slightly in her chair to look up at him. 她在椅子里略转过身抬头朝他望去。
He twisted sideways to face her. 他侧扭过身体去面对着她。
I twisted and turned to avoid being caught. 我左躲右闪免得被捉住。
He managed to twist himself free. 他挣脱了出来。
He managed to twist himself round in the restricted space. 他设法在有限的空间内转过身来。
She fired again and saw the creature twist violently. 她又开了一枪，见那动物剧烈地扭动着躯体。
He gave a shy smile and a little twist of his head. 他羞怯地笑了笑，略微扭了一下头。
a wry twist to her lips 她揶揄地噘了噘嘴
The road twists and turns. 这条路迂回曲折。
the twists and turns of the river 这条河弯弯曲曲的地方
You always twist everything I say. 你总是歪曲我说的每一句话。
to twist the facts 歪曲事实
Twist the knob to the left to open the door. 向左转动手柄把门打开。
Nervously I twisted the ring on my finger. 我紧张地转动着手指上的戒指。
He finished him off with a quick twist of the knife. 他迅速将刀一转结果了他的性命。
The disappearance of a vital witness added a new twist to the case. 一名重要证人失踪，令诉讼出现了新的变数。
a twist of fate 命运的转折 
The movie has some unexpected twists. 这部电影里有一些意想不到的曲折变化。
twist ending（尤美）峰回路转的结局 
a twist in the plot 情节的转折 
the twists and turns of his political career 他政治生涯的一波三折 
the twists and turns in the economy 经济的风云变幻 
classic French dishes with a twist 带有新花样的经典法式佳肴
She twisted a scarf around her head. 她用一条围巾裹住了头。
I twisted the bandage around his leg. 我把他的腿缠上绷带。
Her black hair was twisted up into a knot on the top of her head. 她的黑发盘在头顶挽成一个发髻。
The telephone cable has got twisted. 电话线缠绕在一起了。
A snake was twisting around his arm. 一条蛇缠绕在他的手臂上。
Twist the wire to form a circle. 把铁丝弯成一个环。
They had twisted the sheets into a rope and escaped by climbing down it. 他们把床单绞成绳子，缘绳而下逃走了。
Amanda nervously twisted her hair. 阿曼达紧张地捻着她的头发。
Her face twisted in anger. 她气得脸都变形了。
His mouth twisted bitterly. 他痛苦地歪着嘴。
My stomach twisted into knots. 我的胃扭成了一团。
She gave the lid another twist and it came off. 她又拧了一下，盖儿开了。
He finished him off with a quick twist of the knife. 他迅速将刀一转结果了他的性命。
mineral water with a twist of lemon 加了一片柠檬的矿泉水
He twisted my arm behind my back. 他把我的胳膊扭到背后。
She fell and twisted her ankle. 她摔了一下，把脚脖子崴了。
narrow twisting streets 狭窄弯曲的街道 
a twisting staircase 盘旋而上的楼梯 
the twists and turns of the mountain road 山路的曲折蜿蜒 
a sharp twist in the road 路上的急转弯

n. 1 [C] 带有特定目的（尤指为了发现未知之地）有组织的旅程，如远征、探险、考察:
2 [C] 远征队；探险队；考察队:
3 [C] [有时幽默]（当自己想要或需要某事物时所做的）短途出行:
expedition |[ˌekspəˈdɪʃn]
Byrd's 1928 expedition to Antarctica 伯德1928年前往南极洲的探险 
a major expedition to climb Mount Qomolangma 攀登珠穆朗玛峰的一次重要探险 
The Canadians agreed to a joint expedition with the French. 加拿大人同意与法国人进行一次联合远征。
John Franklin's ill-fated expedition to the Arctic 约翰·富兰克林命运坎坷的北极远征 
climbing, diving, hunting, scouting expedition 爬山之旅；潜水之旅；狩猎之旅；侦察之旅 archaeological, research, scientific expedition 考古活动；研究性考察；科学考察 
military, naval expedition 军事远征；海军远征 
The army sent a punitive expedition into Mexico. 陆军派远征军讨伐墨西哥。
Antarctic expedition 南极探险 
Spanish exploratory expeditions in the 16th century 16世纪西班牙人的考察探险 
He had made two expeditions to Spain to study wild plants. 他两次远行，去西班牙考察野生植物。
She was about to embark on a major expedition. 她正要进行一次较大规模的考察。
Every scientific expedition was accompanied by a photographer. 每一支科考远征队都有一名摄影师随行。
They plan to launch an expedition into the mountains.他们计划发起一次山区探险。
The expedition returned only two weeks after it had left. 考察队伍出发两星期后就返回了。
On January 21 the expedition reached the South Pole. 1月21日探险队到达了南极。
expedition leader, expedition member 考察队领队；考察队成员 
expedition party, expedition team考察团；考察队 
He led a military expedition against the rebels. 他帅部征伐叛乱者。
an expedition into the interior of Australia 深入澳大利亚内陆之旅 
a naval expedition to West Africa 前往西非的海军远征 
Three members of the Everest expedition were killed. 三名珠穆朗玛峰探险队员遇难。
Caroline joined them on the shopping expeditions. 卡罗琳加入了他们的购物之旅。
a fishing expedition 垂钓之旅

switch (sth) (over/around/round) 做一小段时间其他人的工作（或在不同的时间工作）以使其他人能够在你通常工作的时间做你的工作，即调班，或称临时调换工作时间，相当于swap:
switch sth (over/around/round) 交换；掉换；对调。相当于swap:
switch (between A and B)（从一者到另一者）转变或转移；使…（从一者到另一者）转变或转移:
switch (from A to B) 指从一者到另一者所进行的转变（尤指突然且彻底的转变）:
n. [C] 电路的开关（如按钮式开关）；上下扳动的（电力设备或机器的）闸:
n. [C] 细且易于弯曲的棍子:
n. [C] [美]（铁路的）转辙器，道岔:
switch |[swɪtʃ]
vt.＆vi. switch (sth) (with sb) 
I can’t work next weekend--will you switch with me? 下周末我不能上班——咱俩调个班好吗？
vt. switch sth (with sth) 
The dates of the last two exams have been switched. 最后两门考试的日期调换了。
I see you’ve switched the furniture around. 我看出来你把家具重新摆设了。
We asked them if they would switch places with us. 我们问他们是否愿意和我们互换座位。 
vt.＆vi. switch (sth) (over) (from sth) (to sth) 
to switch to a market economy 向市场经济转变 
to switch between documents on screen 在屏幕上的文件之间切换 
to switch between TV channels 切换电视频道 
When did you switch jobs? 你们什么时候调动工作的？
My mother’s interest had switched to my health. 我母亲的兴趣已转移到我的健康上来了。
My mind suddenly switched back to my conversation with Jeremy. 我的思绪突然回到了与杰里米的谈话上。
He decided to switch tactics. 他决定改变策略。
He switched his allegiance from the British to the French. 他不再效忠英国，转而效忠法国。
She made the switch from full-time to part-time work. 她从全职工作转为兼职工作。
a policy switch 政策的转变 
a tactical switch（尤英）战术的转变 
He’s a classical singer who has made the switch over to pop. 他是古典歌手，已改唱流行歌曲。
their abrupt switch in allegiance 他们立场的突然转变
a light switch 电灯开关 
master, power switch 总开关；电源开关 
electric, electrical switch 电开关；电气开关 
the switch for the air conditioning 空调的开关
a riding switch 马鞭

n. [C, usually sing, U] 遗产继承:
n. [C] 被继承或沿袭下来的工作、问题、态度、状况等:
n. [U, C] 文化、历史等方面的遗产:
n. [sing.] 得自遗传的特征:
n. [U, C] 文化、历史等方面的遗产:
n. [C, usually sing, U] 继承物（如金钱、财产等）；遗产继承:
inheritance |[ɪnˈherɪtəns]
The title passes by inheritance to the eldest son. 这一头衔按世袭传给长子。
inheritance law 继承法 
inheritance rights 继承权 
The system involved inheritance by the eldest son. 这种体制采用了长子继承制。
the situation that was Truman's inheritance as President 杜鲁门继任总统时面临的状况
our cultural inheritance 我们的文化遗产 
The inhabitants share a common inheritance of language and culture. 居民们拥有共同的语言与文化遗产。
Eye colour shows your genetic inheritance. 眼睛的颜色显示你的基因遗传特征。
Physical characteristics are determined by genetic inheritance. 身体的特征取决于基因遗传。
our cultural inheritance 我们的文化遗产 
The inhabitants share a common inheritance of language and culture. 居民们拥有共同的语言与文化遗产。
She spent all her inheritance in a year. 她在一年之内用完了所有继承的遗产。
She feared losing her inheritance to her stepmother. 她担心她继承的遗产会被继母夺走。
The title passes by inheritance to the eldest son. 这一头衔按世袭传给长子。
small inheritance 小额遗产 
rightful inheritance（文学用法）合法遗产 
He accused his younger brother of trying to steal his rightful inheritance. 他指责弟弟企图窃取他合法继承的遗产。
She left him an inheritance of £100 000. 她给他留下了10万英镑的遗产。
When he was 21 he came into a large inheritance. 他21岁时继承了一大笔遗产。
He had a large inheritance from his parents. 他有一大笔来自父母的遗产。
When his father died, he returned to England to claim his inheritance. 父亲去世以后他返回英格兰要求继承遗产。
inheritance tax 遗产税 
inheritance law 继承法 
inheritance rights 遗产权利 
The system involved inheritance by the eldest son. 这种体制采用了长子继承制。
inheritance through marriage 通过婚烟继承的遗产

vt. 纵容（对一国的袭击）:
n. [C] 恐怖主义等活动的支持者:
vt. 安排某项正式（或官方）事件，使其发生，如提议并组织一次磋商等:
n. [C] 广播电视节目、音乐会、体育赛事等的赞助商，常为了换取该活动的广告机会:
vt. 指公司等对一项赛事、一个节目等进行广告赞助:
n. 1 [C] 为慈善活动进行捐款的人，不过受助者需要完成某项任务:
2 [C] 培训或教育活动的资助者，可以是一个人，也可以是一个公司:
vt. 1 同意如果自己完成了某项任务，便进行慈善捐赠:
2 资助某人接受培训或教育:
n. [C] 一项新法案等的倡议者，发起人:
vt. 提交法案、议案等:
n. [C] 同意对另一人进行正式负责的一个人，即保证人:
sponsor |['spɒnsə]['spɒnsə]
States sponsoring terrorism must pay a price. 那些纵容恐怖主义的国家必须付出代价。
the list of state sponsors of terrorism 支持恐怖主义的国家名单
The US is sponsoring negotiations between the two sides. 美国正在安排双方的谈判。
The race organizers are trying to attract sponsors. 比赛的组织者在想方设法吸引赞助者。
private sponsor 私人赞助商 
official sponsor 官方赞助商 
commercial, corporate, industrial sponsor 赞助商；赞助公司；行业赞助商 
title sponsor 冠名赞助商 
sponsor money（尤英）赞助费 
sports events sponsored by the car industry 由汽车业赞助的体育赛事
I’m collecting sponsors for next week’s charity run. 我正在为下星期的募款赛跑征集捐款者。
the sponsors of this University’s students 这所大学的学生资助者 
Will you sponsor me for a charity walk I’m doing? 我正在参加竞走义赛，请您捐款好吗？
a sponsored swim 有赞助的慈善游泳活动 
She found a company to sponsor her through college. 她找到一家愿资助她读完大学的公司。
bill’s sponsor（尤美，政治用语）法案的倡议者 
the sponsor of the new immigration bill 新移民法案的倡议者 
The bill was sponsored by a Labour MP. 这项议案是一位工党议员提交的。

n. [U, C] 恶化:
deterioration |[dɪˌtɪəriəˈreɪʃn;美-ˌtɪr-]
Mental and physical deterioration both occur naturally with age. 随着年龄的增长，心智和体力会自然衰退。
The stress led to a gradual deterioration in her health. 压力导致她的健康状况越来越差。
a rapid deterioration in his condition 他身体状况的迅速恶化 
The car's bodywork was already showing signs of deterioration. 这辆车的车身已经显示出了老化迹象。
economic, environmental deterioration 经济恶化；环境恶化 
Limits on waste dumping will prevent further environmental deterioration. 限制倾倒垃圾可以防止环境进一步恶化。
a serious deterioration in relations between the two countries 两国关系的严重恶化 
Steps need to be taken quickly to arrest the deterioration in the countries' relations. 需要迅速采取行动来阻止国家间关系的恶化。
The period has seen a spectacular deterioration of political stability. 这个时期政治上出现了严重动荡。
a steady deterioration of our economic advantage 我们经济优势的持续恶化           

continuing; still in progress:继续;仍在进行中
ongoing |ˈɒnɡəʊɪŋ| Adjective/:进行中,正在进行
ongoing negotiations:

adj.（沐浴或饮料）使人减轻疲劳的的:
adj.（沐浴或饮料）使人凉爽的:
adj.（好的事物）令人耳目一新的；别具一格的:
refreshing |[rɪˈfreʃɪŋ]
The water was cold and wonderfully refreshing. 水很凉，特别解乏提神。
refreshing drink 提神的饮料 
Herbs have been used for centuries to make refreshing drinks. 草药用于调制提神饮品已有好几个世纪了。
refreshing shower 凉爽的淋浴
It's refreshing to hear somebody speaking common sense. 听到有人说话通情达理真是令人耳目一新。
It made a refreshing change to see a good old-fashioned movie. 换换口味，看一部经典的老式电影会让人觉得耳目一新。
It made a refreshing change to be taken seriously for once. 总算有一次受到认真对待，这变化真是令人耳目一新。

If something occurs only incidentally, it is less important than another thing or is not a major part of it. 附带地
You use incidentally to introduce a point that is not directly relevant to what you are saying, often a question or extra information that you have just thought of. 顺便说及地
incidentally |英 [ɪnsɪ'dent(ə)lɪ]  美 [,ɪnsɪ'dɛntli]| adv. 顺便；偶然地；附带地/
The letter mentioned my great aunt and uncle only incidentally.信里只是附带地提到我的叔祖母和叔祖父。
"I didn't ask you to come. Incidentally, why have you come?"“我没有叫你来。顺便问一下，你为什么来呢？”


vt. [常用被动式] 监禁；关押（在监狱中或其它地方）:
imprison |[ɪmˈprɪzn]
The local priest was imprisoned for 18 months on charges of anti-state agitation. 当地牧师由于受到煽动反对政府的指控而被监禁18个月。
Dutch colonial authorities imprisoned him for his part in the independence movement. 荷兰殖民当局因他参加独立运动而把他关押了起来。
They were imprisoned for possession of drugs. 他们因拥有毒品而被监禁。
We work on behalf of people who have been wrongly imprisoned. 我们是在为那些含冤入狱的人而努力。
He was imprisoned for debt. 他因负债而入狱。
He was imprisoned in a dungeon. 他被关在一座地牢里。
Her fear virtually imprisoned her in her home. 她的恐惧实质上把她囚禁在家里了。
Some young mothers feel imprisoned in their own homes.（比喻用法）有些年轻的母亲感到待在家里如同坐牢。

adj. present (in sth) 不作前置定语，（事物或物质、情况等）存在于某一地点或某一事物中:
vt. [正式] present yourself at, for, in, etc.（自己）正式出现在某处，如出席等。含义较广:
adj. present (at sth) 不作前置定语，（人）正在某一地，即在场，出席等:
present sth/sb/yourself as sth（以某种方式）显示，展现，表现等:
adj. 只作前置定语，现在（发生或存在）的:
n. [sing.] 通常用the present，指目前；现在:
present sth 使发生或使经历（麻烦或问题等）:
vt. present itself (to sb)（机会、答案等）突然出现、显露或产生，相当于arise:
vt. [英] 主持（广播或电视节目）:
present sth/sb/yourself as sth（以某种方式）描述。强调向更高等级的人或更大范围的、需要自己认真对待的群体来“呈现”。常需要做出认真的准备，并付出一定的（通常是较大的）努力:
vt. [正式] present sth (to sb) 用口头或书面形式来表达某事:
present sth (to sb) 把…交给某人（尤指在仪式上正式交给某人，此时可叫颁发或授予等）:
present sth (to sb) 把…提交或提出给其他人（供其参看或考虑）:
vt. [正式] present sb (to sb) 正式介绍或引见某人（尤指引见给等级或地位更高的人）:
n. [C] 礼物；礼品:
vt.（面向公众）上演（戏剧、广播、演出等）:
vt. 向某人提交支票或账单（该支票或账单需要接收者兑付或支付）:
n. [sing.] the present 现在时，相当于present tense:
present |['preznt][prɪ'zent,'preznt][prɪ'zent]
Levels of pollution present in the atmosphere are increasing. 大气中的污染程度正在加深。
Traces of arsenic were present in the body. 尸体中有微量砒霜。
This special form of vitamin D is naturally present in breast milk. 这种特殊形式的维生素D天然存在于母乳中。
Bacteria are naturally present in the environment. 细菌天然存在于环境当中。
You will be asked to present yourself for interview. 将请你到场面试。
She was ordered to present herself in court on 20 May. 她被传唤于5月20日出庭。
Get word to him right away that he’s to present himself at City Hall by tomorrow afternoon. 立即通知他，他得于明天下午之前到市政厅来。
to be present at the meeting 出席会议 
He wasn’t present at the birth of his child. 他的孩子出生时他不在场。
vt. present sth 
It is essential that we present a united front. 至关重要的是我们要表现得团结一致。
He was trying to present a kinder image. 他在努力表现出一副更和善的形象。
The papers are only briefly presented here. 这只是论文的简要介绍。
The results are presented graphically in Figure 2. 图2形象地显示了结果。
Hotel brochures are designed to present the most attractive aspects of the hotel. 宾馆的小册子旨在介绍宾馆最吸引人之处。
in the present situation 在当前形势下 
the present crisis 目前的危机 
the present owner of the house 现在的房主 
at the present time 目前 
I’m sorry he’s out at present. 很抱歉他这会儿不在。
vt. present sb with sth 
Use of these chemicals may present a fire risk. 使用这些化学品可能有失火的危险。
This presents a problem for many financial consumers. 这给许多金融消费者带来了麻烦。
The future is going to be one that presents many challenges. 未来将会带来许多挑战。
One major problem did present itself, though. 不过，确实出现了一个重大问题。
As soon as the opportunity presented itself, she would get another job. 一有机会，她就会另谋新职。
Thankfully, a solution presented itself to him surprisingly soon. 谢天谢地，他意外地很快就找到了解决方案。
She used to present a gardening programme on TV. 她曾在电视上主持一个园艺节目。
vt. present sth 
The government has presented these changes as major reforms. 政府将这些变化描述成重大改革。
The arguments were clearly presented. 这些论点表述清楚。
He presented the information to his colleagues. 他把信息告诉了同事。
to orally present 口头陈述 
The article presents these proposals as misguided. 文章把这些提案评为误导的产物。
Please allow me to present my apologies. 请允许我表示歉意。
vt. 1 present sb with sth 
Betty will present the prizes to the winners. 贝蒂将给获胜者颁奖。
Colleagues presented him with a set of golf clubs. 同事们赠给他一套高尔夫球杆。
The sword was presented by the family to the museum. 这家人把宝剑捐赠给了博物馆。
2 present sth (for sth) 
The committee will present its final report to Parliament in June. 委员会将于六月向议会提交最后的报告。
Eight options were presented for consideration. 已提出八个备选方案供审议。
May I present my friend to you? 请允许我向您介绍我的一位朋友。
Fox stepped forward, presented him to Jack. 福克斯向前跨了一步，把他正式介绍给了杰克。
Christmas present 圣诞礼物 
anniversary, birthday, wedding present 周年纪念日礼物；生日礼物；结婚礼物 
going-away（尤美）, leaving（尤英）present 临别礼物；告别礼物 
to exchange presents 互送礼物 
make sb a present of sth 将某物赠送给某人
to present a play with gay characters 上演有同性恋角色的戏剧
A cheque presented by Tom was returned by the bank. 银行退回了汤姆提交的支票。
to presente a bill 送来一份账单

If you describe someone as uninformed, you mean that they have very little knowledge or information about a particular situation or subject. 不知情的
uninformed |英 [ʌnɪn'fɔːmd]  美 [,ʌnɪn'fɔrmd]| adj. 无知的；未被通知的；未受教育的；不学无术的/
He could not complain that he was uninformed about the true nature of the regime.他不能抱怨他对这个政体的真实性质不知情。


n. 1 [C, U] ~ (between sth and sth)（兴趣、知识、责任等的）范围方面的重叠部分:
2 [C, U]（物体的）重叠部分，重叠量:
3 [sing.]（两件事发生的）重叠时间，交接时期:
vt.&vi.（两个物体）部分重叠，交叠:
vt. 使（两个或多个物体）部分重叠:
vt.&vi.（两个事件）在主题、人物、时间等因素上部分重叠:
vt.&vi. ~ (with sth)（兴趣、知识、责任等的）范围的部分重叠:
overlap |[ˌəʊvəˈlæp;美ˌoʊvərˈlæp]
There is (a) considerable overlap between the two subjects. 两门科目之间有相当多的共通之处。
an overlap of 5cm on each roof tile 每片房瓦上5厘米的重叠度 
There will be an overlap of a week while John teaches Ann the job. 将有一周的交接期供约翰向安解释工作性质。
A fish's scales overlap each other. 鱼鳞一片片上下交叠。
The floor was protected with overlapping sheets of newspaper. 地板用一张搭着一张的报纸保护着。
When the bag is folded flat, the bag bottom overlaps one side of the bag. 袋子平整折起后，底面与一侧交叠。
Put the two pieces of paper together so that they overlap slightly. 将这两张纸放在一起让它们稍稍重叠。
You will need to overlap the pieces of wood slightly. 你得使这些木片像鱼鳞片似的搭叠起来。
Overlap the slices carefully so there are no gaps. 将切片小心翼翼地搭好，中间不留任何空隙。
Elizabeth met other Oxford intellectuals some of whom overlapped Naomi's world. 伊丽莎白结识了其他一些牛津大学的学者，其中有几位娜奥米也认识。
Christian holy week overlaps with the beginning of the Jewish holiday of Passover. 基督教的圣周与犹太教逾越节的头几天重叠。
Our jobs overlap slightly, which sometimes causes difficulties. 我们的工作略有重叠，所以有时引起一些困难。
The language of science overlaps with that of everyday life. 有些科学用语也用于日常生活。
a world which overlaps with the newspaper world 与报界交叉的领域 
The two categories overlap to some extent. 这两个范畴有一定的交叉。
terms which overlap slightly in meaning 语义略有重叠的术语

adj. 比通常要薄的，即单薄的:
adj. 不如你想要（或期望）的那么大的，如微薄的；不足的；少的；小的等，相当于small:
adj. [褒]（人）瘦而有吸引力的，即苗条的:
vt.＆vi. [英] 尝试变得更瘦，更苗条（例如通过节食），相当于diet:
n. [U] 表示艾滋病的非洲用词:
slim |[slɪm]
a slim volume of poetry 一本薄薄的诗集
a slim chance of success 成功的可能性不大 
The party was returned to power with a slim majority. 该党以微弱多数重新上台。
Many companies are a lot slimmer than they used to be. 许多公司的员工比过去少多了。
slim figure, slim body, slim waist 苗条的体形；苗条的身材；纤细的腰肢 
How do you manage to stay so slim? 你是怎样把身材保持得这么苗条的？
You can still eat breakfast when you are slimming. 你减肥也可以吃早饭嘛！

adj. 与一个城市（city）或城镇（town）相关的，即城市的、都市的、城镇的:
urban |['ə:bən]
damage to both urban and rural environments 对城乡环境的破坏 
urban areas 城镇地区 
urban life 城市生活 
urban development 城市发展 
urban sprawl 城市扩张

n. [C] the ranks 为复数名词，指某一团体或组织的成员:
adj. 气味非常难闻的:
n. [C] 一行或一排人或事物:
vt. 将人或事物排成行列，常用被动式:
adj.（植物等）疯长的，繁茂的:
n. 1 [C] the ranks 为复数名词，指某一组织中的普通成员，尤指普通士兵而非军官。此时词义与soldier相似，但是the ranks算是一种形象化用法，远没有soldier通用:
2 [C] 站成行列的士兵:
n. [C, U] 军队的级别，即军衔。是此义的常规用词:
n. 1 [C, U] 警察等组织中某人所具有的级别，即警衔:
2 [C] 站成行列的警察:
n. [C] 在英式英语里可指计程车停车处:
n. 1 [C] 单数名词，指品质、质量的级别、等级，尤指高品质的级别:
2 [U, C] 职位，尤指某人在一个组织、社会等中所处的一个高级别:
vt.＆vi. rank (sb) (as sth) 根据品质、重要性、成功程度等而将…分成等级，或属于某个等级:
adj. 用于强调某一品质、状况等，即完全的，绝对的，彻头彻尾的，只作前置定语:
rank |[ræŋk]
We have a number of international players in our ranks. 我们的队员中有好几个国际选手。
There were serious divisions within the party’s own ranks. 这个党内部存在着严重对立的派别。
the growing ranks of middle-class consumers 越来越多的中产阶级消费者 
amateur, professional（均为体育用语）ranks 业余队；专业队 
to fill the ranks of the medical profession 加入医疗行业 
the ranks of the unemployed 失业大军的行列 
A CIA operative had infiltrated their ranks. 一名中央情报局的特工打入了他们的队伍。
Death and disease were thinning their ranks. 死亡与疾病正在导致他们减员。
There are few women in the highest ranks of the organization. 该组织内担任要职的女性很少。
the rank and file（团体、组织等的）普通成员
The house was full of the rank smell of urine. 这屋子里到处有一股尿的臊味。
The trees grew in serried ranks. 树木一排靠一排地生长。
front, rear rank 前排；后排 
He was standing in the second rank. 他当时站在第二排。
to rank sth in order of sth 以某种顺序排列 
to be ranked in order of size 按大小排列
rank weeds 疯长的野草
to serve in the ranks 在部队服役 
He rose from the ranks to become a warrant officer. 他从普通士兵升至准尉。
He came up through the ranks to became a general. 他行伍出身，最终成为一名将军。
ranks of marching infantry 列队行进的士兵 
The president moved slowly along the ranks of the men. 总统沿着士兵队列缓慢前行。
The soldiers marched in three ranks of ten. 士兵分三排行进，每排十人。
officers of senior rank 有高级军衔的军官 
He was assigned the rank of Commander. 他被授予海军中校军衔。
The police broke ranks and started hitting people with their batons. 警察散开队形并开始用警棍打人。
a taxi rank 计程车停车处
a painter of the first rank 一流的画家 
Britain is no longer in the front rank of world powers. 英国再也不是位于前列的世界强国。
the lowest ranks of the army 陆军的最低等级 
social rank 社会等级 
a politician of Cabinet rank 内阁级别的政治家 
He rose through the ranks to become managing director. 他级级攀升，当上了常务董事。
The tasks have been ranked in order of difficulty. 按照困难程度对工作进行了分级。
The children were ranked according to academic ability. 孩子们是根据学习能力分级的。
These subjects ranked low for most students. 多数学生不重视这几门课。
She ranks above any other musician of her generation. 在她那一代，她是最好的音乐家。
Their performance ranks as the best of the year. 他们的表演堪称年度最佳。
This ranks with the great paintings of the 19th century. 这幅画是19世纪伟大的绘画作品之一。
The company ranks second among food manufacturers. 该公司在食品制造商中名列第二。
a top-ranked team 一流的团队 
It certainly doesn’t rank as his greatest win. 这肯定算不上他最大的胜利。
an example of rank stupidity 极端愚蠢的例子 
The winning horse was a rank outsider. 获胜的这匹马，本来谁也没指望它能获胜。

If you say that someone is untrustworthy, you think they are unreliable and cannot be trusted. 不值得信赖的
untrustworthy |英 [ʌn'trʌs(t)wɜːðɪ]  美 [ʌn'trʌstwɝði]| adj. 靠不住的；不能信赖的/
I think he is shallow, vain and untrustworthy.我觉得他肤浅、虚荣，并不值得信赖。


 A pawn automatically promotes when it reaches the eighth rank.  卒子在到达第八横格时自动升级。
 This kind of videotape rewinds automatically.  这种录像带能自动倒回。
 The machine is automatically controlled.  这机器是自动控制的。
automatically |英 [ɔːtə'mætɪklɪ]  | adv. 自动地；机械地；无意识地/adj. 不经思索的/



adj. [名词前不常用] ~ (to sb) (for sth)（对自己的决定或行为）负有责任、负有解释的义务:
accountable |[əˈkaʊntəbl]
Politicians are ultimately accountable to the voters. 从政者最终是向选民负责。
Someone has to be held ultimately accountable for the accident. 必须有人对这起事故负最终责任。
Senior managers are directly accountable to the Board of Directors. 高层管理人员直接对董事会负责。
Someone must be held accountable for the killings. 必须有人要对这些凶杀事件负责。
The directors are held accountable by the shareholders.股东认为董事应负责任。
Public officials can finally be held accountable for their actions. 终于要对政府官员实行问责了。
The major service industries should be accountable to their customers. 主要的服务行业应该对它们的顾客负责。
Local authorities should be publicly accountable to the communities they serve. 地方当局应对所服务的社区民众负责。
democratically accountable leaders 负有民主职责的领导人 
to be financially accountable, to be legally accountable, to be politically accountable 负有财务职责；负有法律责任；负有政治责任 
In the end, we are all accountable for our actions. 我们最终都要对自已的行为负责。
The real power lies with a bureaucracy that is not accountable to the public. 实权掌据在对公众不负责仔的官僚手中。
Politicians are accountable to their constituents. 从政者对自己选区的选民负责。

A collaborative piece of work is done by two or more people or groups working together. 合作的
collaborative || adj. 合作的，协作的/
...a collaborative research project.…一个合作研究项目。


vt.＆vi. [美] 练习，训练；经常做；从事业务、法律等专业工作，相当于practise:
n. 1 [U] 实践，实际行动（而非想法）:
2 [U, C] 经常从事一项活动或训练以提高自身的技能，即训练；也可指训练所花费的时间:
n. [C] 经常所做的事、习惯:
n. [C] 习俗:
n. [U, C] 在某一组织或某一情况中的通常做法，惯例:
n. [U, C] 经常从事一项活动或训练以提高自身的技能，即训练；也可指训练所花费的时间:
vt.＆vi. [美] 练习，训练，相当于practise。比train更强调一种反复性、连贯性，直到做到完美:
n. [U, C] 一些专业人士（例如医生、牙医、律师）所从事的工作或业务；也可指其工作地点:
practice |['præktɪs]
to practice the piano 练习弹钢琴 
to practice the dance 练习舞蹈 
The team is practicing for their big game on Friday. 球队正在训练，备战星期五的重大比赛。
She’s practicing medicine in Philadelphia. 她在费城行医。
the theory and practice of teaching 教学的理论与实践 
to put her ideas into practice 把她的想法付诸实践 
The idea sounds fine in theory, but would it work in practice? 这种想法理论上好像不错，但是做起来行得通吗？
clinical, legal, social practice 临床实践；法律实务；社会实践 
the medical practices of ancient Egypt 古埃及的医术 
accounting, employment, management practice 会计实务；招聘实务；管理实务 
basketball practice 篮球训练 
conversation practice 会话练习 
It takes a lot of practice to play the violin well. 拉好小提琴需要多加练习。
I’ve had a lot of practice in saying ‘no’ recently! 我最近已经拒绝别人很多次了！
This chapter gives students practice in using adjectives. 本章让学生练习使用形容词。
practice facilities, practice ground 练习设施；训练场地 
practice game, practice session 练习赛；训练课 
The children need more practice in tying their shoelaces. 孩子们还需要再练习练习系鞋带。
practice makes perfect（谚语）熟能生巧
It is his practice to read several books a week. 他习惯于每周读几本书。
religious practices 宗教习俗 
cultural practices 文化习俗
common, current practice 一般做法；现行做法 
environmentally sound practices 无害于环境的做法 
ethical practice 道德的行为 
corrupt, fraudulent, questionable, unfair practice 腐败行为；欺诈的做法；可疑的举动；不公平的做法 
the company’s general practice of selling through agent 公司通常通过代理商销售的做法 
It is standard practice not to pay bill until the end of the month. 通常的做法是月底才付账。
basketball practice 篮球练习 
target practice 射击练习 
practice facilities, practice ground 练习设施；训练场地 
practice game, practice session 练习赛；训练课 
The team is practicing for their big game on Friday. 球队正在训练，以备战星期五的大赛。
the practice of medicine 行医 
My solicitor is no longer in practice. 我的律师已不再执业了。
He runs a successful legal practice in London. 他在伦敦经营一家成功的律师事务所。
She maintains a private practice as a mental health consultant. 她作为一名精神健康顾问经营着一家私人事务所。

 None of them carried out the due diligence that might have indicated the money was disappearing into a black hole.  但是这些银行都没有那份应有的勤奋和谨慎，没能发现他们的资金正在消失在一个黑洞里。
 Using the basal body temperature method for birth control requires motivation and diligence.  为了控制生育使用基础体温法，需要足够的动力和勤勉。
 Honesty and diligence should be your eternal mates.  诚实与勤勉应该成为你永久的伴侣。
diligence |英 ['dɪlɪdʒ(ə)ns]  美 ['dɪlɪdʒəns]| n. 勤奋，勤勉；注意的程度/



n. 1 [C] 由于罪行、疾病、事故等而受到攻击、受伤或罹难的人，即受害者，罹难者，患病者，牺牲品:
2 [C] 不幸环境的牺牲品，如由于别人的行为或信仰而被愚弄的人，相当于target:
n. [C] 作为祭品而被杀死的人或动物，即牺牲:
victim |['vɪktɪm]
the child victims of the war 受战争之害的儿童 
civilian, injured victim 受害平民；伤者 
AIDS, cancer victim 艾滋病患者；癌症患者 
bomb, accident victim 爆炸事件受害者；事故受害者 
disaster, earthquake victim 灾民；地震灾民 
domestic-violence, murder victim 家庭暴力受害者；谋杀案受害者 
Tourists are easy victims for pickpockets. 游客很容易遭扒窃。
victim culture, victim mentality 受害者文化；受害者心态 
They were the victims of a cruel hoax. 他们被无情地诓骗了。
Boys are the primary victims of corporal punishment. 男孩是体罚的主要对象。
a fashion victim 盲目赶时髦的人 
the victim of an uncaring society 冷漠社会的牺牲品 
Schools are the latest victims of cuts in public spending. 学校是削减公共开支的最新牺牲品。
a sacrificial victim 祭品

n. [C] urge (to do sth) 去做某事的一种强烈欲望。常具有即时性和突发性:
vt. [正式]（尤指通过推动或强迫的方式）使一个人（或一只动物）朝某个方向行进得更快，如驱赶、鞭策:
vt. 1 建议或努力尝试去劝说某人（让其去做某事），即力劝:
2 urge sth (on/upon sb) 极力推荐（或竭力主张）某事:
urge |[ə:dӡ]
I had a sudden urge to hit him. 我突然很想揍他一顿。
an instinctive urge to tap your feet to the beat of the music 双脚随着音乐节奏轻打拍子的本能冲动 
the urge to reproduce 繁殖的欲望 
the human urge to control the environment 人类控制环境的欲望 
biological, creative, sexual urge 生理上的冲动；创作冲动；性冲动 
I suppressed a strong urge to yawn. 我强忍着不打哈欠。
to satisfy her urge for revenge 满足她的报复欲
He urged his horse forward. 他策马前行。
She urged him to stay. 她力劝他留下。
The report urged that all children be taught to swim. 这份报告呼吁给所有的儿童教授游泳。
He has repeatedly urged the government to do something about this. 他不断敦促政府处理此事。
The situation is dangerous, and the UN is urging caution. 局势岌岌可危，联合国力主谨慎行事。

 They also save on diesel fuel for tractors, and the fertility and structure of the soil improves.  他们还能节省拖拉机用油，并使得土地的生产力状况及结构得到改善。
 That is true, he said, whether the goal is restoring fertility to African soil or building a system to warn of tsunamis.  他说，事实就是如此，不论我们的目的是恢复非洲土地的肥沃还是建立一个海啸预警系统。
 It symbolizes growth, harmony, freshness, and fertility.  它是生长、和谐、新鲜和丰饶的象征。
fertility |英 [fə'tɪlɪtɪ; fɜː'tɪlɪtɪ]  美 [fɚ'tɪləti]| n. 多产；肥沃；[农经] 生产力；丰饶/



n. [U] 根据、依据:
n. [U]（机构或组织的）创建，创办:
n. [U]（化妆打底用的）粉底霜:
n. [C]（为某一目的所建立的）基金会:
n. [C, usually pl.]（建筑物的）地基:
n. [C, U] 某事物（如信仰、生活方式等）的基础、根基:
foundation |[faʊnˈdeɪʃn]
malicious gossip which has no foundation 没有事实根据的恶意谣言 
The rumour is totally without foundation (= not based on any facts). 这谣传毫无事实根据。
The rumours/rumors of his resignation are entirely without foundation. 关于他辞职的遥言毫无根据。
The allegations were without foundation. 这些指控没有根据。
Each complaint is analysed very closely, and if it has no foundation it is rejected. 每个投诉都经过仔细分析，如果发现没有依据就会予以驳回。
These stories have no foundation (= are not based on any facts). 这些故事纯属虚构。
The organization has grown enormously since its foundation in 1955. 该组织自1955年创建以来已有重大的发展。
charitable, private foundation 慈善基金；私人基金（会）
research foundation 研究基金会 
a private foundation for the arts一个为艺术的私人基金会 
the National Foundation for Educational Research 全国教育研究基金会 
The money will go to the San Francisco AIDS Foundation. 这笔钱将交给旧金山艾滋病基金会。
deep foundation 深深的地基 
The builders are now beginning to lay the foundations of the new school. 建筑工人正开始给新校舍打地基。
The explosion shook the foundations of the houses nearby. 爆炸震撼了附近房屋的地基。
Concrete foundations have been laid. 已打下了混凝土地基。The thunder seemed to shake the very foundations of the building. 雷鸣似乎把房子的地基都撼动了。o They had dug too deep and undermined the foundations of the house. 他们挖得太深，破环了房子的地基。
The foundation stone was laid in 1911. 1911年埋下奠基石。
In 1853 Queen Victoria laid the foundation stone of the new palace. 1853年维多利亚女王为新王宫奠基。
foundation wall（美）基础墙
Respect and friendship provide a solid foundation for marriage. 尊重和友爱是婚姻的牢固基础。
Best friends are the foundation of my life. 好朋友是我生命的支柱。
ideological, intellectual, moral, philosophical, political, scientific, theoretical foundation 意识形态基础；知识基础；道德基础；哲学基础；政治基础；科学基础；理论基础 
economic foundation 经济基础 
This agreement laid a sound foundation for future cooperation between the two countries. 这项协议为两国将来的合作打下了坚实的基础。
We now have a firm foundation to build on. 我们现在有了一个坚实的发展基础。
The peace treaty rests on shaky foundations. 这项和平条约建立在不稳固的基础上。
an event which rocked the foundations of British politics 动摇英国政治根基的事件 
foundation course, foundation year（均英）基础课程；基础年 
The Fine Arts degree starts with a foundation year. 美术学位的第一年是打基础。
to provide a solid foundation for democracy 为民主提供一个坚实的基础 
The scandal rocked the legal establishment to its foundations. 这件丑闻动摇了法律界的基础。
He believes terrorism undermines the very foundations of our society. 他认为恐怖主义毁坏了我们的社会基础。
The issue strikes at the very foundation of our community. 这个问题严重影响了我们社会的基本根基。

n. [sing.] 给予某人或某事的反应或反响:
n. [U]（无线电和电视信号的）接收效果:
n. [U] 接收、接纳某人（的行为）:
n. 1 [U] [尤英]（旅馆、办公建筑等入口处内部的）接待处或接待区（宾客或到访者到达旅馆或办公楼后首先要去的地方）:
2 [C] 欢迎某人（或庆祝某事）的一个正式社交场合，即接待仪式；招待会等:
3 [sing.] 给予某人或某事的欢迎:
4 [U] 接待或迎接某人（的行为）:
reception |[rɪ'sepʃn]
critical reception to a movie 对一部电影的批评 
the positive reception to the speech 对演讲的好评 
The plan has had a somewhat mixed reception from local people. 当地居民对这一计划反响不一。
The managers did not expect a sympathetic reception from the striking workers. 管理人员并没指望得到罢工工人的同情。
radio, satellite, television reception 收音机收听质量；卫星接收效果；电视机收视效果 
There was very poor reception on my phone. 我的电话接收效果很差。
the reception of refugees from the war zone 接纳战区来的难民 
a reception centre for children who have run away from home（英）离家出走儿童收容处
reception area 接待区 
reception counter, reception desk 接待处 
reception staff 接待人员 
at reception（英）在前台 
Please wait for me downstairs in reception. 请在楼下前台等我。
You can leave a message with reception. 你可以在接待处留个口信。
to report to the reception 到接待处报到 
evening reception 欢迎晚宴 
welcome reception（尤美）欢迎宴会 
diplomatic, wedding reception 外交宴会；婚宴 
cocktail reception（尤美）鸡尾酒会 
a reception for the Japanese trade delegation 欢迎日本贸易代表团的招待会 
Delegates gave him a warm reception as he called for more spending on education. 由于他呼吁增加教育经费，代表们向他报以热烈的欢迎。
The returning soldiers received a rousing reception. 归来的士兵们受到了热烈的欢迎。
reception party 迎宾队 

adj. [只用于名词前] 精英的、精锐的、最优秀的:
n. [C] 社会的精英阶层（即财富、智商等较高的阶层）:
elite |[eɪˈli:t;ɪˈli:t]
an elite group of senior officials 一批出类拔萃的高级官员 
an elite military academy 高级军官学校 
the elite troops of the President's bodyguard 精锐的总统卫队          
Public opinion is influenced by the small elite who control the media. 舆论为少数控制着新闻媒介的上层人士所左右。
In these countries, only the elite can afford an education for their children. 在这些国家里，只有上层人士才供得起子女上学。
a government comprised mainly of the elite 主要由精英组成的政府 
governing, power（尤美）, ruling elite 执政集团；权力集团；统治集团 
He was an influential member of the ruling elite. 他是统治集团中的权势人物。
powerful, privileged elite 权力阶层；特权阶层 
corrupt elite 腐败的上层精英 
educated elite 受过良好教育的精英 
landed, moneyed（尤美）, wealthy elite 地主精英阶层；有钱的精英阶层；富有的精英阶层 
metropolitan, urban elite 大都会精英；城市精英 
local, national elite 地方精英；国家精英 
foreign elite 国外精英 
Western elite 西方精英 
black, white elite 黑人精英；白人精英 
conservative, liberal elite 保守派精英；自由派精英 
technocratic elite 技术官僚精英 
business, corporate, cultural, economic, intellectual, media, military, political, professional, secular, social elite 商界精英；企业精英；文化精英；经济精英；知识分子精英；传媒界精英；军界精英；政界精英；职业精英；世俗化精英；社会精英 
We have a political elite in this country. 我们国家有一群政治精英。
These people form an elite who have the power to make decisions. 这些人构成了有决策权的精英集团。
a club for members of the business elite 商界精英俱乐部 
a member of the intellectual elite 知识界的精英
