quantifiable					可量化的
expenditure					开支，花费
breed							培育，孕育，繁殖，类型
emerge						出现，摆脱
noted							著名的
position						位置，姿势，状况，立场，摆放
extinction						绝种，偿清
receptionist					接待员
reckless						鲁莽的
abuse							虐待，滥用，辱骂
accuse						指责，指控
biochemistry					生物化学
optimism						乐观
predict						预言
notoriously					众所周知的
board							木板，膳食，委员会，登上
pose							摆姿势，构成
memorandum						备忘录
puzzling						谜，使困惑，苦思冥想
reliable						可靠的，准确的
replacement					更换，替代品
reinforce						增加，加固，证实
impart						传授，传达，带来
diversity						多样性
occupation						居住，占领，职业
intense						强烈的，紧张的
dramatically					戏剧性的，突发惊人的
awareness						意识
virtually						实际上，虚拟的
maturity						成熟
\\\\\\\\

Something that is quantifiable can be measured or counted in a scientific way. 可计量的
quantifiable |英/美 ['kwɑntə,faɪəbl]| adj. 可以计量的/
A clearly quantifiable measure of quality is not necessary.一种确切的可计量的质量检测是不必要的。


n. [U, C]（精力、时间、材料等的）耗费、消耗:
n. [U, C]（金钱的）花费、消费、开支:
expenditure |[ɪkˈspendɪtʃə(r)]
energy expenditure 精力消耗 
the expenditure of emotion 感情耗费 
This study represents a major expenditure of time and effort. 这项研究意味着要耗费大量的时间和精力。
The financial rewards justified the expenditure of effort. 经济上的回报证明付出的努力是值得的。           
a reduction in government expenditure 政府开支的削减 
Policies of tax reduction must lead to reduced public expenditure. 减税政策必然导致公共支出的削减。
plans to increase expenditure on health 增加医疗保健开支的计划 
They should cut their expenditure on defence. 他们应该缩减国防开支。
The budget provided for a total expenditure of £27 billion. 预算案规定支出总额为270亿英镑。
The group is calling for higher expenditure on education. 该群体呼吁增加在教育方面的开支。
the family's average expenditure on food 家庭用于食物的平均支出 
The next two items refer to actual expenditures incurred, rather than estimated needs. 下面两项指实际花销，而不是估算额。
Pay constitutes two-thirds of all current expenditure. 工资占目前所有开支的三分之二。
the country with the highest per capita expenditure on health care in the EU 欧盟之中人均保健支出最高的国家 
the total direct expenditure on training 培训的直接支出总额 
operating expenditure 运营开支 
budget expenditure 预算支出 
capital expenditure 资本支出 
personal, private expenditure 个人开销；私人花费 
consumer expenditure 消费支出 
advertising, research and development, marketing expenditure 广告支出；研发支出；营销支出 
military, defence/defense, education, health, military, welfare expenditure 军费开支；国防支出；教育支出；健康支出；军事支出；福利支出 
Make sure you have enough in the current account to meet expenditure. 确保你的活期存款账户上有足够的钱支付开销。
Both brands had heavy advertising expenditure. 两个品牌都投入了高额的广告费用。
The results justified the expenditure. 结果证明这钱花得值。

vt. 导致:
n. [usually sing.] 类型，种类:
vi.（动物）交配繁殖:
n. [C] 品种（尤指人工培育的狗、猫或牲畜）:
vt. ~ sth (for/as sth) 饲养（动物）:
vt. ~ sth (for/as sth) 培育（植物）:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sth into sb 以某种方式教育某人；使某人养成…:
breed |[bri:d]
Nothing breeds success like success. 一事成功万事亨通。
If they are unemployed it's bound to breed resentment. 如果他们失去工作，一定会产生怨恨。
Violence breeds violence. 暴力会催生更多暴力。
He represents a new breed of politician. 他代表着新一类的政治家。
Players as skilful as this are a rare breed. 如此有技巧的演奏者很少见。
Sue is one of the new breed of British women squash players who are making a real impact. 苏是英国新一代的女子壁球运动员，她们的影响正在显现出来。
The new breed of walking holidays puts the emphasis on enjoyment, not endurance. 这种新型的徒步旅行假日重在愉悦身心，而不是为了锻炼耐力。
Entertainers of this sort are now a dying breed. 这类艺人越来越少，行将消失。
It takes a special breed of person to be a surgeon. 经过特殊教养的人才能成为外科医生。
a new breed of international criminals 新一类的国际罪犯 
Health workers are a breed apart in their commitment and dedication to duty. 在事业心和献身精神方面保健人员与一般人不同。
Many animals breed only at certain times of the year. 很多动物只在一年的某个时候交配繁殖。
Frogs will usually breed in any convenient pond. 通常青蛙会在任何条件适宜的池塘中繁殖。
The area now attracts over 60 species of breeding birds. 这一地区现在吸引了60多种鸟类到此繁育后代。
domestic breed 家养的品种 
a farm that keeps rare breeds 饲养稀有品种动物的养殖场 
This breed is used for both milk and meat production. 此品种既可用于产奶也可肉用。
a new breed of dairy cattle 乳牛新品种 
Labradors and other large breeds of dog 拉布拉多犬及其他大型品种狗 
a breed of sheep 某个品种的羊 
Certain breeds are more dangerous than others. 某些品种比其他品种更危险。
The rabbits are bred for their long coats. 饲养兔子是为了获取他们的长毛。
He lived alone, breeding horses and dogs. 他独自一人生活，饲养马匹和狗。
He used to breed dogs for the police. 他曾经为警方培育警犬。
fish that have been selectively bred for their appearance 选育出的观赏鱼 
dogs that are bred for their fighting ability 看中其打斗能力而培育的狗
Fear of failure was bred into him at an early age. 他从小就养成了对失败的恐惧。

vi. ~ (from sth)（从困境或不好的经历中）幸存下来:
vi. ~ (from sth)（从困境或不好的经历中）摆脱出来:
vi. ~ (from sth) 从黑暗处或隐蔽处出现:
vt.&vi.（事实、结果、想法等）出现、暴露、被知晓:
vi. ~ (as sth) 开始存在；出现或被知晓:
emerge |[iˈmɜ:dʒ;美iˈmɜ:rdʒ]
She emerged from the scandal with her reputation intact. 丑闻过后，她安然无恙，名声丝毫未受影响。           
their plans to emerge from bankruptcy by February of next year 他们计划于明年2月之前摆脱破产困境 
There is growing evidence that the economy is at last emerging from recession. 有越来越多的证据表明经济终于开始摆脱萧条。
The world is only slowly emerging from recession. 世界正在从经济衰退中走出来。          
The swimmer emerged from the lake. 游泳者从湖水中浮出来。
She finally emerged from her room at noon. 中午，她终于从屋里出来了。
Richard was waiting outside the door as she emerged. 她出现的时候，理查德正在门外等着。
The postman emerged from his van soaked to the skin. 邮递员从他的厢式货车中出来，浑身湿透了。
We emerged into bright sunlight. 我们来到明媚的阳光下。
The plant had fully emerged from the soil. 植物已从土壤里完全长出。
It emerged that the company was going to be sold. 事已清楚，这家公司准备售出。
Several facts started to emerge from my investigation. 我的调查使若干事实开始明朗。
No new evidence emerged during the investigation. 调查过程中未发现新证据。
One thing emerges very clearly from this study. 这项研究中有一点十分清楚地显现出来。
The answer to the problem quickly emerged. 问题的答案很快出现了。
It subsequently emerged that he had known about the deal all along. 随后的情况显示他一直都知道这件事。
the growing corruption that has emerged in the past few years 过去几年暴露出来的越来越多的腐败现象 
Problems with this drug are now beginning to emerge. 这种药物的问题开始暴露出来。
It soon emerged that neither the July nor August mortgage repayment had been collected. 很快就发现，原来7月和8月的抵押还款都没有偿还。
What eventually emerged from the election disaster was a realization that it was time for change. 这次选举失败最终表明了变革已成当务之急。
After the elections opposition groups began to emerge. 经过选举，反对派开始露头。
He emerged as a major figure in the reform movement. 他逐渐成为改革运动的重要人物。
Vietnam has emerged as the world's third-biggest rice exporter. 越南已跃居世界第三大稻米出口国。
the emerging markets of South Asia 正在兴起的南亚市场 
the new republic that emerged in October 1917 1917年10月成立的新共和国 
a loose alliance of developed and emerging countries 发达国家和新兴国家之间的松散联盟 
The Pacific region has rapidly emerged as a leading force on the world stage. 太平洋地区迅速崛起，成为世界舞台上的一支主要力量。
newly emerged/emerging newly emerging areas of science 新兴的科学领域 
the musical forms that emerged out of the American black experience 来源于美国黑人经历的音乐形式

adj. ~ (for/as sth) 以（特殊的技能或特征）而闻名的:
noted |[ˈnəʊtɪd;美ˈnoʊt-]
a noted dancer 著名的舞蹈演员 
He is not noted for his sense of humour. 他没什么幽默感。
The lake is noted as a home to many birds. 这个湖作为许多鸟类的栖息地而闻名。
a television programme noted for its attacks on organised crime 以抨击有组织犯罪而知名的电视节目 
Lawyers are not noted for rushing into change. 律师并非以仓促求变著称。

n. [C] [正式]（工作上的）职位或职务，相当于post:
n. 1 [C, usually sing.] position (to do sth)（某人所处的）情况，处境，情势或状况（尤指对人有左右或支配能力的情势，即人们能做什么或不能做什么，要在一定程度上取决于该情况）:
2 [sing.]（做某事的）适当位置:
n. [C] position (on sth)（针对某一主题的）态度，也可叫立场:
n. [C] 速度比赛，各种竞赛或测试中（与其他人对比时所产生）的名次:
vt. 把…置于某个位置上，相当于place:
n. [C, U] 某事物的放置方式:
n. [C, U] 某人的坐立方式，即姿势，姿态:
n. [C] position (on sth)（针对某一主题的）观点:
n. 1 [C] …所位于的地方，即位置:
2 [U]（恰当或正确的）地方或位置:
n. [C] 速度比赛，各种竞赛或测试中（与其他人对比时所产生）的名次:
n. [C] 在一些团队性体育比赛中，可指某名队员所处的位置和其所拥有的职责，可以叫职责，位置或角色:
n. [C, usually pl.] 战争中可指阵地:
n. [C, U] 一个人与其他人（或一个组织与其他组织）相比较时所处的重要性水平，即地位，等级（主要指社会地位）:
position |[pə'zɪʃn]
to apply for the position of Sales Director 申请销售总监一职 
full-time, part-time position 全职岗位；兼职岗位 
senior position 高级职位 
junior position 初级职务 
official position 官职 
skilled position 需要技能的职位 
administrative, management position 行政职务；管理职务 
staff position 员工职位 
a faculty position at Iowa State University 在艾奥瓦州立大学的教职
business, economic, financial, legal position 商业状况；经济状况；财务状况；法律地位 
competitive position 竞争态势 
strategic position 战略地位 
bargaining, negotiating position 谈判中的地位 
trading position 贸易形势 
a difficult position 困境 
embarrassing, awkward position 尴尬的处境 
I am not in a position to comment. 我不便发表评论。
the party’s position on education reforms 该党对教育改革的态度 
She has made her position very clear. 她明确表示了自己的立场。
official, political position 官方立场；政治立场
By the ninth hour the car was running in eighth position. 比赛进行到第九个小时的时候该赛车跑在第八位。
Position the cursor where you want the new margins to begin. 将光标放在你所要的新页边空白开端。
Large television screens were positioned at either end of the stadium. 体育场的两端安装了大型电视屏幕。
She quickly positioned herself behind the desk. 她迅速在桌子后面就位。
The company is now well positioned to compete in foreign markets. 现在这家公司已准备好在国外市场竞争。
The markers were not positioned centrally. 标记没有放在中心位置。
Police marksmen were positioned on the roof. 警方的神枪手布置在屋顶上。
Keep the box in an upright position. 把盒子竖着放。
kneeling, sitting, standing position 跪姿；坐姿；站姿 
sleeping, lying position 睡姿；卧姿 
foetal position 胎位 
Make sure that you are working in a comfortable position. 工作时一定要保持舒适的姿势。
My arms were aching so I shifted (my) position slightly. 我胳膊疼了，所以稍微变了变姿势。
My parents always took the position that early nights meant healthy children. 我的父母总是认为孩子早睡就会身体健康。
ideological, philosophical, theoretical position 意识形态观点；哲学观点；理论观点
Where would be the best position for the lights? 这些灯装在什么位置最好？
geographical position 地理位置 
military, strategic position 军事位置；战略位置 
Hordes of journalists jostled for position outside the conference hall. 大批记者在会场外争抢位置。
Arrows indicate the positions of the aircraft. 箭头表示飞机的位置。
Fix the pieces in position before gluing them together. 先将各部分的位置摆好，再用胶水粘起来。
Is everybody in position? 大家都就位了吗？
Please get into position. 请各就各位。
The guards took up their positions on either side of the door. 卫兵们在门两边站好。
United’s win moved them up to third position. 联队的胜利使他们排名升至第三。
By the ninth hour the car was running in eighth position. 比赛进行到第九个小时的时候该赛车跑在第八位。
What position does he play? 他打哪个位置？
They attacked the enemy positions at dawn. 黎明时分，他们向敌军阵地发起进攻。
Wealth and position were not important to her. 财富与地位对她并不重要。
social position 社会地位 
a position of authority, a position of power, a position of influence 有权势的地位；有影响力的地位 
her pre-eminent position among today’s writers 她在当代作家中的杰出地位 
The firm gained a dominant position in the market. 公司获得了市场的主导地位。

n. [U]（生物物种的）灭绝:
n. [U]（生活方式、某类活动等的）消亡、消失、不复存在:
extinction |[ɪkˈstɪŋkʃn]
An operation is beginning to try to save a species of crocodile from extinction. 一项努力拯救一个鳄鱼物种、使其免于灭绝的行动已经开始。
Many species have been shot to the verge of extinction. 很多物种已经被猎杀到濒临灭绝。
the mass extinction of the dinosaurs 恐龙的大规模灭绝 
species extinction 物种灭绝 
Modern farming methods have led to the total extinction of many species of wild flowers. 现代耕作方法导致许多种野花完全绝种了。
The island's way of life is doomed to extinction. 这个岛上的生活方式注定要消失。
The loggers say their jobs are faced with extinction because of declining timber sales. 伐木工人说由于木材销量下降，他们的工作恐不复存在。

n. [C] 旅馆、办公楼、医院等的接待员（负责接待到来的人或打进电话的人）:
receptionist |[rɪ'sepʃənɪst]


recklessly 鲁莽地; 不计后果地
If you say that someone is reckless, you mean that they act in a way which shows that they do not care about danger or the effect their behaviour will have on other people. 鲁莽的; 不顾后果的
reckless |英 ['reklɪs]  美 ['rɛkləs]| adj. 鲁莽的，不顾后果的；粗心大意的/n. (Reckless)人名；(英)雷克利斯/
He was leaning recklessly out of the open window.他鲁莽地从开着的窗户探出身子。
He is charged with reckless driving.他被控莽撞驾驶。


vt. 以一种残忍或暴力的方式来对待人或动物，即虐待，尤指性虐待:
n. [U, pl.] 对某人的不公平对待、残忍或暴力的对待，即虐待:
n. [U] 粗鲁或冒犯性的辱骂，恶语，常为异常生气时说出，相当于insults:
vt. 对某人进行辱骂或恶语相向，可以直接面对被骂者，也可以不直接面对被骂者而在背后进行诋毁，相当于insult:
vt. 1 误用或滥用（即用得太多）而伤害身体健康:
2 不公平或错误地运用权力或知识:
n. [U, sing.] abuse (of sth) 以一种错误或有害的方式来使用…，相当于misuse:
vt. 1 误用或滥用（即用得太多）而伤害身体健康:
2 不公平或错误地运用权力或知识:
n. [U, sing.] abuse (of sth) 以一种错误或有害的方式来使用…，相当于misuse:
n. [U, sing.] abuse (of sth)（酒精、毒品等的）滥用，相当于misuse:
vt. 误用或滥用（即用得太多）而损害身体健康:
abuse |[ə'bju:z]
All the children had been physically and emotionally abused. 所有这些儿童的身心都受到了摧残。
emotional, physical, psychological, sex, sexual abuse 情感虐待；肉体虐待；心理摧残；性虐待 
prisoner abuse 虐待囚犯 
victims of child abuse 虐童案的受害人 
human rights abuses 亵渎人权
verbal abuse 辱骂 
personal, racist abuse 人身攻击；种族诽谤 
a stream of abuse 一连串辱骂 
a target of abuse 辱骂的对象 
a term of abuse 骂人的话 
The referee had been abused. 裁判遭到了谩骂。
to abuse alcohol, to abuse drugs 酗酒；嗜毒 
He abused his body with heroin. 他因吸食海洛因而把身体搞垮了。
She abused her position as principal by giving jobs to her friends. 她滥用自己作为校长的职权，把工作安排给她的朋友们。
to abuse his trust 辜负他的信任 
alcohol, drug abuse 酗酒；吸毒 
an abuse of power 滥用职权 
What she did was an abuse of her position as manager. 她的所作所为是滥用经理职权。
The legal system is open to abuse. 这种法律制度容易被钻空子。
to abuse alcohol, to abuse drugs 酗酒；嗜毒 
He abused his body with heroin. 他因吸食海洛因而把身体搞垮了。
She abused her position as principal by giving jobs to her friends. 她滥用自己作为校长的职权，把工作安排给她的朋友们。
to abuse his trust 辜负他的信任 
alcohol, drug abuse 酗酒；吸毒 
an abuse of power 滥用职权 
What she did was an abuse of her position as manager. 她的所作所为是滥用经理职权。
The legal system is open to abuse. 这种法律制度容易被钻空子。
alcohol, drug abuse 酗酒；吸毒 
to abuse alcohol, to abuse drugs 酗酒；嗜毒 
He systematically abused his body with heroin and. 他因吸食海洛因一步一步地把身体搞垮了。

vt. accuse sb (of sth) 指控某人犯罪，或指责其犯错或不义等:
accuse |[ə'kju:z]
to accuse sb of theft 控告某人盗窃 
He stands accused of murdering his wife. 他被控谋杀妻子。
She accused me of starting the fire! 她指控是我放的火！
They stand accused of crimes against humanity. (正式用法) 他们被控违反人道罪。
She accused him of lying. 她指责他说谎。
You couldn’t accuse him of being selfish. 你不能说他自私。
The government was accused of incompetence. 政府被指责无能。

n. [U] 生物的化学过程、结构或特性:
n. [U] 生物化学，即研究生物体内发生的化学过程的一门学科:
biochemistry |[͵baɪəʊ'kemɪstrɪ]
the biochemistry of plants 植物的生化过程
biochemistry laboratory 生物化学实验室

n. [U] ~ (about/for sth) 乐观；乐观主义:
optimism |[ˈɒptɪmɪzəm;美ˈɑ:p-]
optimism about/for the future 对未来的乐观 
The Indian Prime Minister has expressed optimism about India's future relations with the USA. 印度总理对未来的印美关系表示乐观。
We may now look forward with optimism. 我们现在可以乐观地展望未来。
a mood of cautious optimism 谨慎乐观的心态 
There are very real grounds for optimism. 的确有理由可以乐观。
Her optimism turned out to be misplaced. 结果证明她的乐观用错了地方。

vt. 说将来要发生什么，即预言，预测，预告，预报等，相当于forecast，二者未见明显差别。是一个基础且常规的用词，极为常用:
predict |[prɪ'dɪkt]
Nobody could predict the outcome. 谁也无法预料结果如何。
It was predicted that inflation would continue to fall. 据预测，通货膨胀率将继续下降。
The trial is predicted to last for months. 预料审讯将持续数月之久。
to predict the flight of a ball 预测球体的飞行路线 
to predict the weather 预测天气

 Dengue, for example, has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world; today, cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease.  比如，众所周知的登革热已经成为世界上疾病负担增长最快的病种之一，现在，以往没有这一疾病的许多地区出现了病例报告。
 Derrida famously, notoriously, said "there is nothing outside the text," right? What he meant by that, of course, is that there's nothing but text.  德里达著名地，恶名昭彰地，说道，文本之外什么都没有“,是吧，当然，他意思就是说，需要考虑的只有文本。
 Could some of the deaths have been prevented in this notoriously high-risk area?  在这个众所周知的高危地区，有些死亡是否可以避免？
notoriously |英/美 [noˈtɔːriəsli]| adv. 众所周知地；声名狼藉地；恶名昭彰地/



n. 1 [C] 公司或其它机构的董事会、委员会，对该机构有控制权和机构事务的决策权:
2 [C] 用于一些专门处理某种事务的机构的名称当中:
n. [U] 旅馆、招待所等提供的伙食，还可指该种伙食的伙食费:
n. [C] 布告牌:
n. 1 [C, U] 有某种用途的，矩形的扁平木板或塑料板:
2 [C] 尤用于构成复合词:
n. 趴着进行冲浪的冲浪板:
n. [C] boards 复数表示美国大学的入学考试，为过时用法:
vi. 1 board at … /with sb 可表示付费（在某人家里）膳宿:
2 在学校寄宿:
vt.＆vi. 1上船、上飞机、上火车等交通工具，是一种正式用法:
2 be boarding 表示让乘客登机或上船:
board |[bɔ:d]
the Board of Education（美）（管理地方公立学校的）教育委员会 
the academic board 学术委员会 
advisory, editorial, executive, management, review board 顾问委员会；编辑委员会；执行董事会；管理委员会；审查委员会 
health, school board 卫生局；学校董事会 
the company’s board of directors 公司的董事会 
chairman of the board 董事会主席；董事长 
board meeting 董事会会议 
the Welsh Tourist Board 威尔士旅游局
full board（英）（美式英语用American plan）全食宿 
half board（英）（美式英语用European plan）半食宿（包括早餐和一顿主餐）
room and board（尤美）食宿 
He pays £90 a week board and lodging.（英）他每周的食宿花费为90英镑。
The exam results went up on the board. 考试成绩张贴在布告牌上。
There’s a notice on the board.（英）布告板上有个通知。
He had ripped up the carpet, leaving only the bare boards. 他用力扯去了地毯，只剩下裸露的地板。
a blackboard 黑板 
notice board（英）布告牌 
a chessboard 棋盘 
bulletin（美）, drawing, poster（美）board 公告板；画板；招贴板 
ironing board 熨衣板 
diving board 跳板 
circuit board 电路板 
chopping（英）, cutting（美）砧板；切菜板 
board game 棋类游戏
She always had one or two students boarding with her. 她家总有一两名寄宿学生。
The ship was boarded by customs officials. 海关官员登上了这艘船。
Passengers are waiting to board. 乘客们正在候机。
Flight BA193 for Paris is now boarding at Gate 37. BA193次飞往巴黎的乘客现在可以在37号登机口登机。

present or constitute (a problem or danger):present或构成（问题或危险）
raise (a question or matter for consideration):raise（考虑的问题或事项）
assume a particular position in order to be photographed, painted, or drawn:假设一个特定的位置，以便被拍照、绘画或绘制
place (someone) in a particular position in order to be photographed, painted, or drawn:将（某人）置于特定位置以便拍照、绘画或绘画
pretend to be (someone or something):假装是（某人或某物）
behave affectedly in order to impress others:为了给别人留下深刻印象而做事
a way of standing or sitting, especially in order to be photographed, painted, or drawn:一种站立或坐着的方式，尤其是为了拍照、绘画或绘画
a particular way of behaving adopted in order to impress or to give a false impression:为了给人留下深刻印象或给人一种虚假印象而采用的特定行为方式
puzzle or perplex (someone) with a question or problem:puzzle或困惑（某人）有疑问或问题
pose |pəʊz| Noun/Verb/:摆姿势,构成
the sheer number of visitors is posing a threat to the area:数量庞大的游客对该地区构成威胁
the statement posed more questions than it answered:该声明提出的问题比它回答的要多
the prime minister posed for photographers:首相为摄影师合影
he posed her on the sofa:他把她摆在沙发上
an armed gang posed as policemen to ambush a postman:一个武装团伙冒充警察伏击邮递员
some people like to drive kit cars, but most just like to pose in them:有些人喜欢开套件车，但大多数人只是喜欢摆姿势
photographs of boxers in ferocious poses:拳击手凶猛姿势的照片
the man dropped his pose of amiability:那个男人放弃了他和蔼可亲的姿势
we have thus posed the mathematician and the historian:我们因此提出了数学家和历史学家

n. 1 [C] [正式]（公司或组织内部的）备忘录:
2 [C] [法律] 尚未正式准备好并签署的一份法律文件，如协议备忘录:
3 [C]（呈交给某人、某个组织机构、委员会等的）关于某个主题的建议书、报告、备忘录:
4 [C] 国家间的外交备忘录:
memorandum |[ˌmeməˈrændəm]（复数形式为memoranda）
internal memorandum 内部备忘录 
confidential, private, secret memorandum 机密备忘录；私人备忘录；秘密备忘录 
leaked memorandum 遭泄露的备忘录 
detailed memorandum 详细的备忘录 
explanatory memorandum（美）解释性备忘录 
a copy of memorandum 一份备忘录 
The memorandum was dated August 23. 2001. 备忘录上注明的日期是2001年8月23日。
Refer to the terms set out in the company's memorandum. 请查阅公司备忘录中列出的条款。
your memorandum of February 14 您2月14日的备忘录 
Memoranda on this topic were regularly sent to all offices. 关于此问题的备忘录定期送往所有办公室。
legal memorandum（美）法律备忘录 
a detailed memorandum to the commission on employment policy 呈交委员会的有关就业政策的详细报告 
a memorandum from the Ministry of Defence on its role 国防部发出的关于其职责的备忘录 
a memorandum directing that the Army take action 指示陆军采取行动的备忘录 
a memorandum from the Attorney General to the President 司法部长给总统的备忘录 
The delegation submitted a memorandum to the Commons on the blatant violations of basic human rights. 代表团向下院呈交了有关公然侵犯基本人权的备忘录。
a memorandum of understanding for co-operation between our two countries 为我们两国之间的合作而达成的谅解备忘录

causing one to be puzzled, perplexing:让人不解、迷惑
puzzling |ˈpʌzlɪŋ| Adjective/:令人费解,莫名其妙的
only one very puzzling question remains unanswered:只有一个非常令人费解的问题仍未得到解答

adj. 1 可信赖（能把某事做好）的；可依靠的。相当于dependable:
2 很可能是正确或真实的，即真实可信的，可靠的:
reliable |[rɪ'laɪəbl]
We are looking for someone who is reliable and hard-working. 我们在物色可靠而又勤奋的人。
a reliable friend 可信赖的朋友 
My car’s not as reliable as it used to be. 我的车不像过去那样靠得住了。
It has a highly reliable control system. 它有一套极可靠的控制系统。
Our information comes from a reliable source. 我们的消息来源可靠。
a reliable witness 可信的目击证人 
reliable data 可靠的数据 
This statement is not reliable as evidence. 这一陈述作为证据是不可靠的。

n. 1 [U] 更换、替换（尤指更换成更新的或更好的）:
2 [C]（尤指老旧、损坏等的事物的）替代品、替代物:
3 [C] ~ (for sb) 组织机构中某个人的接替者，尤指工作中的接替者，替代者:
n. [C] ~ (for sb) 团队成员的替换者，如替补队员:
n. [C] ~ (for sb) 组织机构中某个人的接替者，尤指工作中的接替者，替代者:
replacement |[rɪˈpleɪsmənt]
the replacement of worn car parts 汽车上损坏零件的更换 
replacement windows 新换的窗子 
the replacement of damaged or lost books 受损或丢失图书的更换或补充 
Complete replacement of the roof tiles would be very costly. 屋顶的瓦片如果全部替换的话会非常昂贵。
The series Ⅲ gearbox is a direct replacement for a series Ⅱ. 第三代变速箱可以直接取代第二代。
The original furnishings are now in need of replacement. 原来的家具陈设需要更换了。
replacement programme/program 替换方案 
replacement cost, replacement value 替换费用；替换价值 
Rare instruments are usually insured for their full replacement value. 珍贵的仪器通常都有全额更换保险。
replacement equipment 替换设备 
hormone replacement therapy（缩写为HRT）激素替代疗法 
hip, joint, knee replacement 假的髋关节；假关节；假膝关节 
She had a hip replacement six years ago. 她六年前做了髋关节置换手术。
valve replacement 瓣膜置换手术 
meal replacement（尤美）代餐 
low-calorie meal replacements 低热量代餐 
replacement part, replacement product, replacement unit 替换零件；替换产品；替换部件 
Do you know where I can get the replacement part? 你知道我从哪儿能买到替换零件吗? 
replacement car, replacement vehicle 代用汽车；代用车辆 
Trams are now often preferred as replacements for buses. 现在人们经常乘有轨电车代替公共汽车。
We need to find a replacement for Sue. 我们需要找一个替代苏的人。
Taylor has nominated Adams as his replacement. 泰勒提名亚当斯接替他。
the president's temporary replacement by the Chief of Staff总参谋长暂时接替总统的职务 
She served as a last-minute replacement for the woman originally selected. 她在最后时刻替代了最初当选的那名妇女。
He is the most likely replacement for the captain. 他最有可能成为队长的接班人。
She was named as a possible replacement for the head of sales. 她被指定为销售部经理的可能接班人。
We need to find a replacement for Jan when she goes on maternity leave. 简休产假的时候我们需要找个人接替她。
replacement worker（尤美）替工
The 18-year-old made his debut last week as a replacement for the injured Gordon Durie. 这个18岁选手作为受伤的戈登·迪里的替补在上周首次出场。
We'll have to see how bad the injury is before deciding whether to bring in a replacement. 我们得看看伤势有多严重再决定是否需要换人。
He came on as a replacement for the injured player.（come on as为英式用法）他接替受伤的选手上场。
We need to find a replacement for Sue. 我们需要找一个替代苏的人。
Taylor has nominated Adams as his replacement. 泰勒提名亚当斯接替他。
the president's temporary replacement by the Chief of Staff总参谋长暂时接替总统的职务 
She served as a last-minute replacement for the woman originally selected. 她在最后时刻替代了最初当选的那名妇女。
He is the most likely replacement for the captain. 他最有可能成为队长的接班人。
She was named as a possible replacement for the head of sales. 她被指定为销售部经理的可能接班人。
We need to find a replacement for Jan when she goes on maternity leave. 简休产假的时候我们需要找个人接替她。
replacement worker（尤美）替工

vt. 通过派遣更多人员或给予更多装备而使军队等更强大，如增兵:
vt. 强化（一种印象、感情、思想、行为、情况等）:
vt. 使一个实体结构或材料更结实（尤指通过添加其它材料而使其更结实），如加固:
reinforce |[ˌri:ɪnˈfɔ:s;美-ˈfɔ:rs]
The UN has undertaken to reinforce its military presence along the borders. 联合国已经着手增援其驻扎在边境的军事力量。
Both sides have been reinforcing their positions after yesterday's fierce fighting. 双方经过昨天的激战后都在向各自的阵地增派兵力。
Troops and police have been reinforced in the southern Pakistan city of Hyderabad. 巴基斯坦南部的海得拉巴市已增派了军队和警力。
to reinforce impression 强化印象 
Treating disabled people like children only reinforces negative images of disability. 像对待孩子一样来对待残疾人只会强化残疾的负面形象。
Such jokes tend to reinforce racial stereotypes. 这样的笑话容易渲染种族偏见。
Our prejudices are subtly reinforced in many different ways. 我们的偏见以种种方式在不知不觉中加深。
Violent behaviour and rejection by society are mutually reinforcing. 暴力行为招致社会唾弃，而后者又会强化暴力行为。
This sense of privilege tends to be reinforced by the outside world. 这种优越感往往会被外部世界强化。
Sex inequality in pay reinforces class inequality. 薪资上的性别不平等会强化阶级不平等。
to reinforce belief 强化信念 
to reinforce message 强化主旨 
This report strongly reinforces the view that the system must be changed. 这份报告强有力地证实了必须进行制度改革的观点。
All this simply reinforces my earlier point. 所有这些仅仅证实了我早先的观点。
films that reinforce the idea that we live in a threatening and risky world 让我们更加意识到自己生活的世界充满威胁和危险的电影 
Ancient writings reinforce their claims to the land. 古代的文字作品强化了他们对土地所有权的索求。
The climate of political confusion has only reinforced the country's economic decline. 政局混乱只加速了国家经济的衰退。
Success in the talks will reinforce his reputation as an international statesman. 谈判成功将会增强他作为国际政治家的声望。
A stronger European Parliament would, they fear, only reinforce the power of the larger countries. 他们担心一个更加强大的欧洲议会只会强化大国的力量。
All buildings are now reinforced to withstand earthquakes. 所有建筑现都已加固，以抗地震。
Eventually, they had to reinforce the walls with exterior beams. 最终，他们不得不通过增加外梁来对墙体进行加固。
The door was built of oak, heavily reinforced with iron. 这道门用橡木制成，用铁牢牢加固。
reinforced steel 增强钢材

To impart a particular quality to something means to give it that quality. 给予 (特定品质)
If you impart information to people, you tell it to them. 传授; 告知
impart |英 [ɪm'pɑːt]  美 [ɪm'pɑrt]| vt. 给予（尤指抽象事物），传授；告知，透露/
She managed to impart great elegance to the unpretentious dress she was wearing.她努力为自己朴素的衣着增添几分优雅。
The ability to impart knowledge and command respect is the essential qualification for teachers.传授知识并博得尊敬的能力对老师们来说是基本的条件。


n. 1 [U, C, usually sing.] 差异（性）；不同（点）:
2 [U] 多样性；多样化:
diversity |[daɪˈvɜ:səti;美-ˈvɜ:rs-]
biological, ecological, gene, genetic, species diversity 生物多样性；生态多样性；基因多样性；遗传多样性；物种多样性 
the biological diversity of the rainforests 热带雨林的生物多样性 
a rich diversity of opinion 意见纷纭 
There is a wide diversity of views on this subject. 关于这一主题存在着多种多样的看法。
His object is to gather as great a diversity of material as possible. 他的目标就是尽可能多地搜集各种材料。
the rich diversity of the city's cultural life 城市文化生活的丰富多彩 
The south-east has the highest diversity of freshwater fish in the country. 东南部是该国淡水鱼多样性最高的地方。
People are being encouraged to celebrate the diversity of their communities. 人们被鼓动着颂扬他们社区的多样性。
the cultural diversity of British society 英国社会文化的多元性 
to introduce more choice and diversity into the education system 在教育体系中引入更多的选择和多样性 
There is a need for greater diversity and choice in education. 教育方面需要更加多元化和更大的选择性。
There is need for greater diversity and choice in education。教育需要更加多样化，提供更多的选择。
cultural, ethnic，gender，intellectual（尤美）, linguistic, political, racial, religious diversity 文化多样性；民族多样性；性别多样性；知识多样性；语言多样性；政治多样性；种族多样性；宗教多元化 
ideological diversity 意识形态多元化 
geographic（尤美）, geographical, regional 地理多元化；区域多元化 
global diversity 全球多元化 
Our party believes in encouraging cultural diversity, not division. 我们党鼓励文化多元化，而不是文化分歧。
a racist society with a reluctance to embrace diversity 不愿拥抱多元化的种族主义社会 
You're lucky to work for a company which values diversity. 你很幸运能为一个尊重多元化的公司工作。
The producer was under pressure to maintain a diversity in his output. 生产商承受着保持产品多元化的压力。
The teaching profession does not yet reflect the diversity of the population. 教师职业还没有反映出人口的多样性。
Tyrannies do not allow diversity and disagreement. 专制统治不容许多元化和不同意见。
diversity in the style of the reports 报道风格的多元化

n. [C] 花费时间的方式，尤指花费业余时间的方式:
n. [U] 对建筑物、房屋、土地等的使用（如居住），即占用。为正式用法:
n. [C] 一份工作或职业。使用场合相对正式:
n. [U] 对一地的军事占领，也可指占领期:
occupation |[͵ɒkju'peɪʃn]
Her main occupation seems to be shopping. 逛商店购物似乎是她的主要消遣。
land occupation 土地占用 
You can only take up occupation once the tenancy has been signed.（英）你签了租赁合同后才能入住。
The houses will be ready for occupation by March.（尤英）这些房子三月份便可入住。
Please state your name, age and occupation below. 请在下面写上姓名、年龄和职业。
full-time occupation 全职工作 
managerial, professional, technical occupation 管理工作；专业工作；技术工作 
unskilled occupation 无需一定技能的职业 
blue-collar, white-collar occupation 蓝领职业；白领职业 
service occupations such as cleaning and catering 诸如清洁、餐饮之类的服务业工作 
civilian occupation文职工作 
dangerous occupation 危险职业
foreign occupation 外国占领 
military occupation 军事占领 
colonial occupation 殖民占领 
illegal occupation 非法占领 
occupation force 占领军 
during the occupation 占领期间 
Part of Britain was under Roman occupation. 不列颠的部分领土曾被罗马人占领。

adj.（目光）有穿透力的、洞悉一切的:
adj. 1 程度很深的，如极端的、强烈的、剧烈的:
2 严肃的且短时间内有大量活动的，如激烈的:
3（一个人对…）有十分强烈的感情、观点或想法的:
intense |[ɪnˈtens]
I felt so self-conscious under Luke's mother's intense gaze. 在卢克母亲审视的目光下，我感到极不自在。
He gazed at me with those intense blue eyes. 他用那双深邃的蓝眼睛凝视着我。
intense heat, intense cold, intense pain 酷热；严寒；剧痛 
The President is under intense pressure to resign. 总统承受着沉重的辞职压力。
the intense blue of her eyes 她眼睛的深蓝色 
intense interest, intense pleasure, intense desire, intense anger 浓厚的兴趣；十分快乐；强烈的欲望；极端愤怒 
He was sweating from the intense heat. 高温酷热让他大汗淋漓。
Suddenly the room filled with intense light. 突然,刺眼的强光照亮了整个房间。
intense competition 激烈的竞争 
The battle for third place was intense. 第三名的争夺紧张激烈。
It was a period of intense activity. 那是活动激烈的时期。
The military on both sides are involved in intense activity. 双方的武装力量都有密集动作。
an intense look 热切的神情 
He's very intense about everything. 他对一切都很热心。
I know he's an intense player, but he does enjoy what he's doing. 我知道他是个拼命三郎,但他确实喜欢自己所做的事。
She is taller than I imagined, more adult, more intense. 她比我想象的更高、更成熟、更热切。

in a way that relates to drama or the performance of drama:以与戏剧或戏剧表演有关的方式
by a strikingly large amount or to a strikingly large extent, greatly:非常多或在很大程度上，极大地
in an exciting or impressive manner:以令人兴奋或令人印象深刻的方式
in a way intended to create an effect, theatrically:以一种旨在创造一种效果的方式，戏剧性地
dramatically |drəˈmatɪkli| Adverb/:,极大地
they displayed their talents both musically and dramatically:他们在音乐上和戏剧上都展示了他们的才华
his health has improved dramatically:他的健康状况显着改善
his dramatically shaped canvases attracted critical acclaim:他造型奇特的画布获得了一致好评
she paused dramatically:she戏剧性地停顿了一下

~ (that…) 意识；兴趣:
~ (that…) 知道；认识:
awareness |[əˈweənəs;美əˈwer-]
a growing awareness of healthy living 不断增强的健康生活的意识 
general, public普遍的意识；公众的意识 
consumer awareness 消费意识 
a marketing campaign to increase brand awareness 提高品牌意识的营销宣传活动 
emotional, sensory, spatial awareness 情感意识；感官意识；空间意识 
cultural, ecological, environmental, moral, political, racial, sexual, social, spiritual 文化意识；生态意识；环境意识；道德意识；政治意识；种族意识；性别意识；社会意识；精神意识 
Politicians now have much greater awareness of these problems. 从政者现在对这些问题有了更多的认识。
The group is trying to raise public awareness about homelessness.该团体正努力唤起公众对无家可归者的关注。
Environmental awareness has increased over the years. 这些年来人们的环境意识增强了。
awareness campaign, awareness programme/program 提高意识的宣传活动；提高意识的方案 
All staff receive mental health awareness training. 所有员工都接受精神健康意识培训。
the emergence of a new social awareness among young people 年轻人中新的社会意识的萌生 
an increased awareness of the risks 提高了的风险意识 
a lack of awareness 缺乏意识 
Energy Awareness Week（节约）能源意识周               
an awareness of the importance of eating a healthy diet 认识到健康饮食的重要性 
Politicians now have much greater awareness of these problems. 从政者现在对这些问题有了更多的认识。
There was an almost complete lack of awareness of the issues involved. 对有关问题几乎是一无所知。

nearly, almost:几乎，几乎
by means of virtual reality techniques.:通过虚拟现实技术。
by means of a computer, computationally.:通过计算机，计算。
virtually |ˈvəːtʃʊəli| Adverb/:几乎,实际上
the disease destroyed virtually all the vineyards in Orange County:这种疾病几乎摧毁了橙县的所有葡萄园

n. 1 [U]（人）成熟:
2 [U]（思想、行为等）成熟:
n. [U]（人或动植物）成熟:
n. [U] 艺术成熟，作品成熟:
n. [U] [商业]（保险单、存单、养老金计划等）到期（应付款）:
maturity |[məˈtʃʊərəti;-ˈtjʊə-;美-ˈtʃʊr-;-ˈtʊr-]
Humans experience a delayed maturity; we arrive at all stages of life later than other mammals. 人类发育较缓——在生命的各个阶段，我们都晚于其他哺乳动物。
physical, psychological, sexual maturity 生理成熟；心理成熟；性成熟 
He has maturity beyond his years. 他过于老成。
Her speech showed great maturity and humanity. 她的演讲非常老练，极富人情味。
Lacking self-confidence and maturity, many teenagers are left feeling very vulnerable. 许多十几岁的孩子既缺乏自信又不够懂事，所以感情上十分脆弱。
I can see an increasing maturity in how she understands the world. 我看得出她对这个世界的认识日渐成熟。
emotional, intellectual maturity 情感成熟；思维成熟 
She has shown great maturity in her life choices. 在生活的抉择上她表现得十分成熟。
Humans experience a delayed maturity; we arrive at all stages of life later than other mammals. 人类发育较缓——在生命的各个阶段，我们都晚于其他哺乳动物。
physical, psychological, sexual maturity 生理成熟；心理成熟；性成熟 
The insects lay eggs when they approach maturity. 这些昆虫发育接近成熟时就会产卵。
The forest will take 100 years to reach maturity. 这片森林要花100年时间才能成材。
It can take years for these plants to reach full maturity. 这些植物完全长成需要好几年的时间。
artistic maturity 艺术成熟 
These latest paintings show how the artist has really grown in maturity. 这些最新的画作表明这位画家如何已真正走向了成熟。
Her poems show great maturity. 她的诗歌显得非常成熟。
Customers are told what their policies will be worth on maturity. 客户被告知保险单到期时的价值。
Treasury bonds have maturities that extend out as far as 25 years or more. 国库券的到期时间长达25年甚至更久。
