misfortune					厄运
citation					引述，嘉奖
rape						强奸，油菜
ecological					生态的
lag						时间间隔，落后
controversy					争论
cornerstone					奠基石，基础
erect						直立的，建造，竖起
prematurely					过早的
initiative					主动性
dilute					稀释，削弱
viewpoint					观点，观看位置
typical					典型的，特有的
stray						走失，偏离正题，误入歧途，流浪的，零星的
imbalance					不平衡
affiliation					隶属
counterpart					相当的人，对应物，副本
classify					将...分类
demonstration				示范操作，表达
outlive					比...活的长
reservation					预订，预留，保留意见
circumstance				状况，形势
revolutionize				使发生革命性剧变
outweigh					超过
cast						描述，铸造，扔，投射，全体演员，类型
uncertain					不确定的，难预料的
threat					恐吓，威胁
conservative				保守的，传统的
overestimate				高估
documentary					纪录片
\\\\\\\\

n. 1 [U] 厄运、不幸:
2 [C] 不幸的事故、情况或事件:
misfortune |[ˌmɪsˈfɔ:tʃu:n;美-ˈfɔ:rtʃ-]
He has known great misfortune in his life. 他一生中经历过巨大的不幸。
We had the misfortune to run into a violent storm. 我们不幸遭遇了猛烈的暴风雨。
He had his full share of misfortune. 他吃尽了苦头。
personal misfortune 个人的不幸 
The expedition was dogged by misfortune. 探险队厄运连连。
I had the misfortune to share a room with someone who snored loudly. 真倒霉，我得和一个鼾声如雷的人同居一室。
Misfortune struck before they had even left port. 他们还没离开港口，厄运就降临了。
He is the rudest man it has ever been my misfortune to meet. 他是我不幸遇上的最粗鲁的人。
She bore her misfortunes bravely. 她勇敢地承受不幸的遭遇。
She seemed to enjoy the misfortunes of others. 她似乎喜欢幸灾乐祸。

n. [C] 因某人的特别表现（尤指在战争中的英勇表现）而给予其的官方表彰或嘉奖令:
n. [C] [美]（法院的）传唤:
n. [C] [美]（法院的）传票:
n. 1 [C] 从一本书或一篇讲话中摘出的文字或语句，如引文。相当于quotation:
2 [U] [正式] 文字的引用或被引用:
citation |[saɪˈteɪʃn]
a citation for bravery 因勇敢而受到的嘉奖 
His citation says he showed outstanding and exemplary courage. 颁给他的嘉奖令称他表现出非凡的勇气，堪为表率。
The judge issued a contempt citation against the woman for violating a previous court order. 法官对上一次拒不遵守庭谕的那名妇女发出了藐视法庭的传讯。
The court could issue a citation and fine Ms. Robbins. 法庭可能会发传票，对罗宾斯女士处以罚款。
Space does not permit the citation of the examples. 篇幅有限，示例从略。

n. [sing.] [文学]（对一个地区或国家的）肆意损坏；肆意糟蹋；蹂躏:
n. [U]（也可用oilseed rape）油菜:
vt. 强奸:
rape |[reɪp]
As a result of the rape of the forests, parts of the country are now short of water. 由于森林遭到破坏，目前该国的部分地区水源短缺。
A young woman was brutally raped in her own home. 一名年轻女子在自己家中惨遭强暴。
She was attacked and brutally raped. 她受到袭击并被野蛮地强奸。
She was viciously raped at knifepoint. 她被人用刀胁迫残暴地强奸了。
She was worried about getting raped on her way home. 她担心在回家的路上遭到强奸。


relating to or using analysis or logical reasoning:关于或使用分析或逻辑推理
analytical |ˌanəˈlɪtɪkl| Adjective/:分析性的,解析的
analytical methods:分析方法
relating to or concerned with the relation of living organisms to one another and to their physical surroundings:有关或关注生物体彼此之间及其物理环境的关系
ecological |ˌiːkəˈlɒdʒɪkl| Adjective/:,生态
pollution is posing a serious threat to the ecological balance of the oceans:污染对海洋生态平衡构成严重威胁

n. [C] 两个相关事件之间的间隔期、间歇期、时间差，相当于time lag:
~ (behind) 发展缓慢；或比其他人、组织机构等缓慢。即落后:
~ (behind) 移动缓慢；或比其他人缓慢。即落后:
vt. ~ sth (with sth) [英] 给屋顶、水管或水箱等加防冻或保暖材料:
lag |[læg]
There's a time lag between infection with HIV and developing AIDS. 从感染艾滋病病毒到病发有一段滞后期。
Price rises have matched rises in the money supply with a lag of two or three months. 在增加货币供应两三个月后，物价也跟着上涨。    
vi. ~ (behind sb/sth) 
She did well in her first year at school but then started to lag behind. 她第一年干得很好，但后来就开始落后了。
The party is still lagging way behind in the opinion polls. 该党在民意测验中仍然远远落在后面。
Britain still lags behind most of Europe in its provisions for women who want time off to have babies. 英国在妇女生育福利方面依然落后于欧洲大多数国家。
The restructuring of the pattern of consumption in Britain also lagged behind. 在消费结构重组方面，英国也落后于人。
We still lag far behind many of our competitors in using modern technology. 我们在运用现代技术方面仍然远远落后于我们的许多竞争对手。
Catering salaries lag far behind those of other sectors. 餐饮业的工资远远落后于其他行业。          
vi. ~ (behind sb/sth) 
The little boy lagged behind his parents. 那小男孩落在了父母的后面。
If you have to take the floorboards up, take the opportunity to lag any pipes at the same time. 如果一定要把地板掀开，不妨趁此机会给各个管道加一层隔热保护。
Water tanks should be well lagged and the roof well insulated. 水箱和屋顶都需要敷设严密的保温层。

n. [U, C] ~ (over/about/surrounding sb/sth) 很多人就某件有很大争议的事进行的公开讨论、争论、辩论或论战:
controversy |[ˈkɒntrəvɜ:si;美ˈkɑ:ntrəvɜ:rsi;英也用kənˈtrɒvəsi]
to arouse/cause controversy 引起争论 
a bitter controversy over/about the site of the new airport 有关新机场选址的激烈争论 
the controversy surrounding his latest movie 围绕他最近一部电影的争论 
The President resigned amid considerable controversy. 总统在一片争论声中辞职。
The proposed cuts have caused considerable controversy. 削减开支的提议引起了诸多争议。
a fierce political controversy over human rights abuses 关于侵犯人权问题的激烈的政治辩论 
public controversy 公开的争论 
political, legal, ethical, scientific controversy 政治上的争论；法律上的争论；道德上的争论；科学上的争论 
religious, theological controversy 宗教上的争论；神学上的争论 
academic controversy 学术争论 
What they are doing is bound to stir up controversy. 他们正在做的事情势必激起争论。
This year's championships have been marked by controversy. 今年的各个锦标赛都存在争议。
to resolve the controversy 解决争议 
The network ran into controversy over claims of faked documentary footage. 由于有人指责纪录片不实，电视网陷入了一场争论。
A fierce controversy has broken out over the issue. 这件事已引发了一场激烈的争论。
Controversy is raging over the route of the new road. 关于新公路路线的争论十分激烈。
Controversy exists as to how safe these drugs are. 这些药物的安全程度存在争议。
The controversy centred on the issue of compensation for the victims. 争论集中在对受害人的赔偿问题上。
Much controversy surrounds the new exam. 围绕着新的考试有很多争议。
controversy among historians 历史学家之间的争论 
the bitter controversy surrounding the introduction of the new regulations 围绕着新规则实施的激烈争论 
her long-running controversy with fellow academics 她与学术同行的长期争论 
a subject of controversy 引起争论的话题 
The book raised a storm of controversy. 这本书引起了一场争议的风波。

an important quality or feature on which a particular thing depends or is based:特定事物所依赖或基于的重要品质或特征
a stone that forms the base of a corner of a building, joining two walls.:一块石头，它构成建筑物一角的底部，连接两堵墙。
cornerstone |ˈkɔːnəstəʊn| Noun/:基石,奠基石
a national minimum wage remained the cornerstone of policy:国家最低工资仍然是政策的基石

vt. [正式] 设置障碍:
vt. [正式] 建造建筑物；搭建帐篷:
vt. [正式] 创建机构；建立体制；创立理论:
adj.（阴茎或乳头）因性兴奋而勃起的、坚挺的:
adj. [正式] 垂直的；竖直的；直立的。相当于straight:
erect |[ɪˈrekt]
Police had to erect barriers to keep crowds back. 警察得设立路障来阻截人群。
Opposition demonstrators have erected barricades in roads leading to the parliament building. 反对派示威者已经在通往国会大厦的道路上设置了路障。
to erect trade barriers 设置贸易壁垒
The church was erected in 1582. 此教堂建于1582年。
the newly erected station buildings 新建的车站建筑 
An electric fence was erected around the campus. 校园四周安装了带电的围栏。
A large monument was erected on the battlefield. 战场上矗立起一座大型纪念碑。
to erect a tent 搭帐篷 
The event will take place in a specially erected marquee. 这个活动将在一个专门搭建的搭帐篷里举行。
Japanese proprietors are erecting a complex infrastructure of political influence throughout America. 日本商人正在美国各地建立复杂的、具有政治影响力的基础结构。
He erected a new doctrine of precedent. 他创立了一套新的判例原则。
He was standing perfectly erect. 他站得笔直。
Her head was erect and her back was straight. 她抬头挺胸。
Stand with your arms by your side and your head erect. 手放两边，昂首站立。
She held her head erect as she walked proudly up to the platform. 她昂着头自豪地走向讲台。
Stand reasonably erect, your arms hanging naturally. 挺身站直，双臂自然下垂。
He sat very erect, listening intently. 他坐得笔直，专心地听着。
Keep your trunk erect throughout the exercise. 在整个练习过程中都要挺直身躯。

before the due time, ahead of time:beforetheduetime，提前
prematurely |ˈprɛmətʃəli| Adverb/:,早熟地
his son died prematurely:他的儿子早逝

n. [C]（为解决某个问题或为达成某个目标的）新方案、倡议:
n. 1 [U] 主动性、自发性（而非等着别人告诉你如何去做）:
2 [sing.] the initiative可指比别人更快地掌握有利条件的能力（或机会），即主动权、先机:
n. [C] [美，法律]（美国某些州的）公民立法提案程序（即普通人通过签署请愿信来提交新法案的程序）:
initiative |[ɪˈnɪʃətɪv]
a United Nations peace initiative 联合国的和平倡议 
a government initiative to combat unemployment 政府应付失业问题的新方案 
Government initiatives to help young people have been inadequate. 政府在积极帮助年轻人方面做得还不够。
fresh initiatives to find a peaceful end to the conflict 和平解决争端的各项新方案 
pioneering initiatives in bioengineering 生物工程的开拓件新举措 
collaborative, cooperative, joint initiative 协作倡议；合作计划；联合方案 
grass-roots initiative 基层的倡议 
strategic initiative 战略方案 
business, e-business, e-commerce, marketing initiative 经营新思路；电子商务新思路；新的营销方案 
diplomatic, economic, legislative, peace, policy, political initiative 新的外交举措；新的经济计划；新法案；和平倡议；新的政策方案；新的政治举措 
safety, training initiative 新的安全方案；新的培训计划 
development, research initiative 开发方案；研究方案 
education, educational, health initiative 新的教育方案；新的健康计划 
conservation, environmental initiative 新的环保倡议 
reform initiative 改革方案 
The government has launched a new policy initiative. 政府已经开始推行一项新政策。
Ten schools have been involved in the initiative. 有十所学校参与了新计划。
You won't get much help. You'll have to use your initiative. 你不会得到多少帮助的。你得自己想办法。
She did it on her own initiative (= without anyone telling her to do it). 她是主动这么做的。
She was disappointed by his lack of initiative. 她对他缺少进取心感到失望。
workers who are able to sort out problems on their own initiative 能主动解决问题的工人 
It is a very hierarchical company and there's little place for individual initiative. 这家公司等级森严，少有发挥个人主动性的空间。
He had the initiative to ask what time the last train left. 他主动询问最后一班火车什么时候开。He acted on his own initiative and wasn't following orders. 他是主动这么做的，并不是奉命行事。
Don't ask me what you should do all the time. Use your initiative! 别老是问我你该干什么，你要有自己的主见！
Raising taxes on small businesses will stifle initiative. 提高小企业的税收会抑制它们的积极性。
The project was set up on the initiative of a local landowner. 项目是由当地一名土地所有人发起的。
Some scientists show little initiative in applying their knowledge. 有些科学家很少主动将自己的知识投入应用。
In an unprecedented action, the army, on its own initiative, arrested seven civilians. 军队竟然擅自逮捕了七名平民，这种行为是前所未有的。
to seize, the initiative, to lose the initiative 掌握先机；丧失先机 
It was up to the US to take the initiative in repairing relations. 在修复关系方面应由美国采取主动。
We must take the initiative in the struggle to end the war. 为尽早结束战争，我们必须抢先行动。
She knew she had to take the initiative and maintain an aggressive game throughout. 她知道自己必须采取主动，并且始终保持咄咄逼人的态势。
We have the initiative; we intend to keep it. 我们拥有主动权；我们不打算放弃它。
He paused enough to consider the options but never so long as to lose the initiative. 他停顿了一会儿权衡自己有哪些选项,但并没有久到丧失主动权。
After their latest setback, the rebel forces no longer hold the initiative. 经过上次的失败后，叛军不再掌握主动权了。
She then regained the initiative in winning the third game. 她赢得了第三局比赛，重新夺回了主动权。
The initiative to reopen negotiations came from Moscow. 重启谈判的主动权来自莫斯科方面。
She took the initiative in asking the board to conduct an enquiry.她主动提请委员会进行调查。

vt. ~ sth (with sth) 将液体稀释、冲淡:
adj.（液体）稀释了的、冲淡了的:
vt. 削弱；降低效果:
dilute |[daɪˈlu:t;BritishEnglishalso-ˈlju:t]
If you give your baby juice, dilute it well with cooled, boiled water. 如果给婴儿喝果汁，要用凉开水充分稀释。
Dilute the juice slightly with water. 用水稍微稀释一下果汁。
The liquid is then diluted. 然后液体被稀释。
The paint can be diluted with water to make a lighter shade. 这颜料可用水稀释以使色度淡一些。
The fragrances are highly diluted. 香水被稀释得很淡。
The perfumes are diluted in vegetable oils. 香水稀释到植物油中。
dilute acid, dilute solution 稀释的酸液；稀释的溶液 
a dilute solution of bleach 经稀释的漂白剂
There was a clear intention to dilute black voting power. 明显有意图要削弱黑人的选举力量。
Serious attention is being given to diluting the value of personal tax allowances. 人们正密切关注降低个人收入免税额度一事。
Large classes dilute the quality of education that children receive. 大班上课会降低孩子所受教育的质量。
The effect of this policy has now been considerably diluted. 该政策的效果现在已被大大削弱了。

n. [C]（观看某事物的）角度:
n. [C] ~ (on sth) 观点、看法、视角:
viewpoint |[ˈvju:pɔɪnt]
The artist has painted the scene from various viewpoints. 那位画家从各种角度把这一景色画了下来。
You have to know where to stand for a good viewpoint. 你得知道站在哪里观察角度比较理想。
Try looking at things from a different viewpoint. 试试从不同的角度观察事物。
The magazine likes to publish articles with alternative viewpoints. 这家杂志喜欢刊登具有另类观点的文章。
Fischer holds a similar viewpoint. 费希尔持相似观点。
Individuals interviewed represented different viewpoints. 被采访的每个人都代表了不同的观点。
He always takes the opposite viewpoint to the rest of the group. 他的观点总是同小组其他人的相反。
It's good to get all the viewpoints. 了解所有的观点是有好处的。
I understand her viewpoint, but do not share it. 我理解她的观点，但并不赞同。
He quoted recent test results to support his viewpoint. 他引用最近的测试结果来支持自己的观点。
Seen from the student's viewpoint, the exam can be frightening. 从学生的角度来看，考试可能有点儿恐怖。
From the viewpoint of teachers, there has been a great increase in work. 从教师的角度来看，工作量有大幅度增加。
From a purely commercial viewpoint, the movie was a failure. 单纯从商业角度来看，这部电影是失败的。
She will have her own viewpoint on the matter. 她对这个问题会有她自己的看法。
From a practical viewpoint, I'd advise you not to go. 从实际角度考虑，我劝你不要去。
The novel is shown from the girl's viewpoint. 这部小说是从这个女孩的视角来叙述的。
To include as many viewpoints as possible, the editor reserves the right to shorten letters. 为了能包括尽可能多的观点，编辑保留对信件进行删节的权力。

adj. 以通常的方式发生的；表明某事物的通常样态的。如一贯的，通常的，相当于normal。强调具有往常的特征:
adj. 1 typical (of sb/sth) 拥有某个人（或事物、群体）的通常品质或特征的，即典型的、有代表性的，相当于representative:
2 [常贬] typical (of sb/sth)（通常指别人）以你所认为的方式来行事的，如不出所料的、特有的:
typical |['tɪpɪkl]
A typical working day for me begins at 7.30. 我的工作日一般在7:30开始。
a typical Italian cafe 典型的意大利式小餐馆 
a typical example of Roman pottery 典型的罗马陶器 
The weather at the moment is not typical for July. 现在的天气并不是七月份常有的。
Julia is fairly typical of her age group. 茱莉娅在同龄人中很有代表性。
Cape Town is by no means typical of South Africa. 开普敦绝对不能代表典型的南非。
She’s late again--typical!（非正式用法）她又迟到了，一贯如此！
It was typical of her to forget. 她这个人就是爱忘事。
He spoke with typical enthusiasm. 他以其特有的热情讲话。
That’s altogether typical of Tom! 那只有汤姆才干得出来！
You must not take this attitude as typical of English people. 你决不应该把这当作英国人典型的态度。

vi. 走神:
adj. [只用于名词前] 与同类中的其它事物或人相互分离的，如孤立的、离群的、走散的:
n. 1 [C] 走失的宠物（或家畜）；无主的宠物（或家畜）:
2 [C] 离群的一个人或事物、不在原位置的人或事物:
vi. 视线偏离、往别处看:
vi.（已婚者或有固定关系者）与别人有性关系:
vi.（谈话时）离题:
vi. 从原本应该所在的地方移开，如迷路、偏离、走失:
adj. [只用于名词前]（常指宠物）走失的；没有主人的:
stray |[streɪ][streɪ]
My mind kept straying back to our last talk together. 我老走神，一再回想起我们上次在一起交谈的情景。
Even with the simplest cases I find my mind straying. 即使在处理最简单的案例时我也老走神。
Her thoughts strayed to the week ahead of her. 她的思绪开了小差，转向了即将到来的一周。
A civilian was killed by a stray bullet. 一个平民被流弹打死。
a few stray hairs 几根散乱的头发 
She shrugged a stray lock of hair out of her eyes. 她把一缕散发从眼前甩开。
Her eyes kept straying over to the clock on the wall. 她的目光不时瞟向墙上的钟。
His eyes strayed to the telephone. 他的目光转向电话。
She could not keep her eyes from straying towards him. 她不由自主地瞟向他。
Her eyes strayed involuntarily. 她的目光不由自主地移开了。
We seem to be straying from the main theme of the debate. 我们似乎是偏离了辩论的主题。
The teachers rarely stray away from the approved textbook. 教师很少偏离规定的教科书的内容。
Tourists often get lost and stray into dangerous areas. 游客常会迷路并误入危险区域。
Crews stray outside to film the view from the pavement. 工作人员移到人行道上拍摄这一景色。
He strayed into the path of an oncoming car. 他偏到了一辆迎面驶来的汽车的行车路线上。
Be careful not to stray from the path. 小心，不要偏离道路。
He never strayed far from his home.他从未远离过家。
The animals hadn't strayed too far. 这些动物没有走太远。
new penalties for owners who allow their dogs to stray 对那些让狗随意乱跑的养狗人的新惩罚措施 
stray dogs 走失的狗 
a refuge for stray cats 流浪猫收容所

~ (in/of sth) 不平衡；不均衡；失衡；不公平:
imbalance |[ɪmˈbæləns]
a global imbalance of/in power 全球权力的不平衡 
the imbalance between the two sides in this war 这场战争中双方力量的悬殊 
economic, financial, fiscal, gender, power, racial, trade imbalance 经济失衡；金融失衡；财政失衡；性别失衡；权力失衡；种族失衡；贸易失衡 
chemical, hormonal, hormone, thyroid imbalance 化学失衡；激素失衡；荷尔蒙失衡；甲状腺失衡 
The patient had long shown signs of mental imbalance. 患者早就表现出心理失衡的迹象了。
Can he resolve the structural imbalance of the deficit? 他能解决赤字的结构性失衡吗? 
A higher dollar will only exacerbate the trade imbalance. 美元升值只会加剧贸易不平衡。
the large trade imbalances now existing between Europe and the US 欧洲和美国之间存在的巨额贸易不平衡 
Attempts are being made to redress (= put right) the imbalance between our import and export figures. 我们正努力纠正进出口的不平衡。
Increased recruitment of women engineers will help correct the gender imbalance in the profession.增加女性工程师聘用人数会有助于改善业内员工的性别失衡。
dangerous imbalances in potassium and other body chemicals 钾元素与其他体内化学物质的危险失衡 
Chemical imbalances actually cause the sleep disturbances. 这些睡眠障碍其实是由体内化学成分失衡引起的。
An imbalance in certain chemicals leads to disturbances in the brain's function. 某些化学成分失衡会导致大脑功能紊乱。

the state or process of affiliating or being affiliated:附属或被附属的状态或过程
affiliation |əˌfɪlɪˈeɪʃn| Noun/:联系,从属关系,附属
the group has no affiliation to any preservation society:该团体与任何保护协会没有隶属关系

n. [C]（在两个不同的地方、情形或时间中）职位（或作用）相同的人，可称为（两个地方、情形或时间中的）对应者:
counterpart |[ˈkaʊntəpɑ:t;美-tərpɑ:rt]
The Foreign Secretary telephoned his Italian counterpart to protest. 外交部长致电意大利外长表示抗议。
the modern counterparts of those medieval writers 那些中世纪作家的现代同行 
Women soldiers will join their male counterparts at the army base. 女兵将加入到这个陆军基地的男兵之中。
The women's shoe, like its male counterpart, is specifically designed for the serious tennis player. 像同类的男式鞋一样，这种女式鞋是专为认真地从事网球运动的人设计的。
The actress who played the Queen looked uncannily like her real-life counterpart. 扮演女王的演员与现实中的女王惊人地相像。
British environmentalists have their counterparts in Europe. 英国有环保主义者，欧洲也有。
corporations that trade with their counterparts in other countries 与其他国家同行做生意的公司 
The Finnish organization was very different from that of its counterparts in the rest of the Nordic region. 芬兰的这一机构和北欧其他国家的同类机构迥然不同。
the difficulty of translating terms with no direct counterpart in the other language 翻译译入语中没有直接对应词的术语的困难

vt. 1 在一些事物中，把具有某些共同特征的事物划分到一个组里去（以此来将所有这些事物分类或归类）。是一个基础用词:
2 classify sb/sth as sth 确定某人或某事物该属于哪个组别，如划定、界定:
classify |['klæsɪfaɪ]
The books in the library are classified according to subject. 图书馆的书按学科分类。
Patients are classified into three categories. 病人被归为三种类型。
Only five of these accidents were classified as major. 这些事故中只有五起被判定为重大事故。

n. [C, U] 给出某事的证据的行为，如表明:
n. [C] 情感的表达、表露:
n. [C] 情感或观点的表达、表露:
n. [C, U]（也可用非正式的demo）（对…的原理或完成过程所进行的）演示:
n. [C]（尤其在英式英语中，也可用非正式的demo）~ (against sb/sth) （为抗议或支持某人或某事所进行的）集会示威、游行示威:
n. [C, U] 给出某事的证据的行为，如证明、论证:
demonstration |[ˌdemənˈstreɪʃn]
a demonstration of how something that seems simple can turn out to be very complicated 说明看似简单的东西实际上可能非常复杂 
This is a clear demonstration of how technology has changed. 这清楚地表明了技术已有了怎样的进步。
This was a very practical demonstration of why the Army trained people to be disciplined. 这很实际地说明了为什么军队要将士兵训练得遵规守纪。
The strike was a dramatic demonstration of the power of the workforce. 罢工突出地显示了劳动者的力量。
a public demonstration of affection 公开表露爱慕之情 
physical demonstrations of affection 身体上的亲昵 
a demonstration of support for the reforms 表示对改革的支持 
There's been no public demonstration of opposition to the President. 没有人对总统公开表示反对。
a public demonstration of affection 公开表露爱慕之情 
physical demonstrations of affection 身体上的亲昵 
a demonstration of support for the reforms 表示对改革的支持 
There's been no public demonstration of opposition to the President. 没有人对总统公开表示反对。
We were given a brief demonstration of the computer's functions. 有人向我们简短演示了这种计算机的各种功能。
practical demonstration 实际操作表演 
technology demonstration 技术示范 
We provide demonstration of videoconferencing over the Internet. 我们通过互联网演示视频会议。
cookery（尤英）, cooking（尤美） demonstration 烹饪示范 
demonstrations of new products 新产品的演示 
I'll give a quick demonstration of some first-aid techniques. 我将很快地示范一些急救技术。
to see, to watch demonstration 观看演示
mass demonstrations against cuts in the health service 反对公共医疗卫生服务经费削减的群众示威游行 
The president's decision provoked public demonstrations. 总统的决定引发了公众的示威。
street demonstration 街头示威 
spontaneous demonstration 自发示威 
Thousands gathered for a peaceful demonstration. 数千人聚在一起举行和平示威。
violent demonstration 暴力示威 
a protest demonstration against the war 反战抗议示威 
student demonstration 学生示威 
political demonstration 政治示威 
anti-war, anti-government, pro-democracy demonstration 反战示威；反政府示威；亲民主示威 
Taxi drivers staged a demonstration against the new law. 出租车司机举行示威反对新法律。
to call off demonstration（尤英）取消示威 
The demonstration was called off at the last minute. 示威在临举行的一刻取消了。
to disperse demonstration（尤英）驱散示威人情 
Police in riot gear dispersed the demonstration. 防暴警察驱散了示威人群。
The government does not wish to provoke further demonstrations. 政府不希望再激起示威活动。
demonstrations calling for an end to sanctions 呼吁停止制裁的示威 
The visiting president was greeted by hostile demonstrations. 到访的总统遭遇了充满敌意的示威。
police intervention at demonstrations 警方对示威的干涉 
Hundreds were arrested during demonstrations in the capital. 发生在首都的示威游行中几百人被捕。
demonstrations in protest at the arrests（英，美式将at改为of）反对拘捕的示威 
Riot police broke up a demonstration by students. 防暴警察驱散了示威的学生。
student demonstrations in favour of a multi-party system 支持多党制的学生示威 
mass demonstrations in support of the exiled leader 支持流亡领导人的群众集会
a demonstration of the connection between the two sets of figures 论证这两组数字间的联系

(of a person) live longer than (another person):（一个人的）比（另一个人的）活得长
survive or last beyond (a specified period or expected lifespan):survive或lastbeyond（特定时期或预期寿命）
live through (an experience):livethrough（经历）
outlive |ˌaʊtˈlɪv| Verb/:活得更久,长寿
women generally outlive men:女性通常比男性长寿
the organization had largely outlived its usefulness:theorganizationhavelargelyoutliveditsusefulness
the world has outlived much:theworld已经过时了

n. [C, U] 对一个计划或想法、意见所持有的怀疑态度，即保留意见，怀疑，相当于misgiving:
n. [C] 美国为北美的土著人划出的居留地，保留地，也可用reserve:
n. [C] 对飞机、火车上的座位的预订，对旅馆房间等的预订:
reservation |[͵rezə'veɪʃn]
I have serious reservations about his ability to do the job. 我非常怀疑他有没有能力胜任这份工作。
They support the measures without reservation. 他们毫无保留地支持这些措施。
I have certain reservations regarding several of the clauses in the contract. 我对合同中的几项条款持保留意见。
My one reservation concerns the performance of the vehicle in wet conditions. 我的一个顾虑是车辆在潮湿环境中的性能。
to make a reservation 预订 
airline, flight, travel reservation 航班预订；旅游预订 
hotel, room（美）reservation 旅馆预订；房间预订 
dinner, restaurant（均尤美）reservation 晚餐预订；餐馆预订 
reservation service, reservation system 预订服务；预订系统 
reservation form 预订表格 
Do you have an online reservation? 您有在网上预订吗？
Reservations are recommended. 建议提前预订。

n. [C, usually pl.] 与某个情况、事件或行动相关的条件（也可指对该情况、事件或行动产生影响的条件）:
n. 1 [C, usually pl.] 与某个情况、事件或行动相关的环境（也可指对该情况、事件或行动产生影响的环境）:
2 [U] [正式] 对你的生活产生影响并不受你控制的一些情况或事件，可称为客观环境:
n. [pl.] circumstances 可指一个人的生活条件或状况（尤指其经济条件或状况）:
n. [C, usually pl.] 情况:
circumstance |['sə:kəmstəns]
The company reserves the right to cancel this agreement in certain circumstances. 本公司保留在一定条件下取消这项协议的权利。
The ship sank in mysterious circumstances. 那艘船神秘地沉没了。
She died in rather suspicious circumstances. 她死得相当蹊跷。
changing social and political circumstances 正在变化的社会和政治环境 
The plan might work better with more favourable/favorable circumstances. 如果客观环境有所改善，这个计划实施起来效果可能更好。
victim of circumstance 客观环境的牺牲品
Grants are awarded according to your financial circumstances. 补助金根据经济状况发放。
family, personal circumstances 家庭经济状况；个人经济状况 
desperate circumstances 捉襟见肘的境况 
comfortable circumstances 宽裕的经济状况 
adverse, difficult, tragic circumstances 逆境；困境；悲惨的境遇
in normal circumstances 正常情况下 
in any circumstance 在任何情况下 
suspicious circumstances 可疑的情况 
true circumstances 真实情况 
extreme circumstance 极端情况 
the extenuating circumstances 可减轻罪行的情况 
Only if the circumstances are exceptional will we accept late applications. 除非特殊情况，否则我们不接受逾期申请。

change (something) radically or fundamentally:从根本上或根本上改变（某事）
revolutionize |ˌrɛvəˈl(j)uːʃənʌɪz| Verb/:革新,彻底改变
this fabulous new theory will revolutionize the whole of science:这个神话般的新理论将彻底改变整个科学

vt.（在重要性、益处、意义等上）重于，大于，超过:
outweigh |[ˌaʊtˈweɪ]
The medical benefits of x-rays far outweigh the risk of having them. X光在医学上的益处远甚于它带来的风险。
The advantages of this deal largely outweigh the disadvantages. 这笔交易的利远远大于弊。
The advantages far outweigh the disadvantages. 利远大于弊。
The advantages of this plan more than outweigh the costs involved. 这一方案的好处跟成本比较起来，绝对物超所值。
The benefits would surely far outweigh the risks. 利益无疑会远远大于风险。

n. [sing.] [英，非正式]（人或事物的）外表，外貌:
n. [sing.] [英，非正式]（人或事物的）特性、特征:
vt. 朝某个方向投以笑容:
vt. cast doubt/aspersions (on/upon sth) 说（或做、表明）使人怀疑某事物（或使人认为某人不那么诚实、善良等）的事情:
vt. 朝某个方向看，即投以（目光）。不太常用:
vt. [文学]（尤指用力）将某人或某事物扔（或投、掷、抛等）向某地:
vt. 使光、影子等出现在某个地方，即投射（光线、影子等）。与throw难见明显差别:
vt. cast sth (in sth) 将滚热的液态金属等倒入模具容器中使其成为某种形状，即浇铸:
n. [C]（一出戏剧或一部电影的）全体演员:
vt.＆vi. cast sb (as sb)（为一部电影、戏剧等）选择演员（以扮演不同的角色）；选择某一演员（以扮演某一角色）:
vt. 蛇蜕皮，相当于shed:
cast sb (in sth) 以某种方式来描写或呈现、表现某人。其宾语只是人:
vt. 朝某个方向看、笑等，即投以（目光、笑容等）:
n. [C] 用于制造物件的一个有一定形状的容器，即模子，模具，铸模，相当于mould:
n. [C]（固定骨折部位的）石膏夹，相当于plaster cast:
vt.＆vi. 将钓鱼线的一端（如鱼钩）投入河流等水体中:
n. [C] 投、抛、扔、掷等（尤指抛出钓鱼线）:
vt. 马偶然踢掉马蹄铁:
n. [C] 将滚热的液态金属等倒入模具容器中所制造出来的物体，即铸件，铸造品:
vt. cast a/your vote/ballot (for sb/sth) 为…投票（或表决）:
cast |[kɑːst][kɑːst][pleɪ]
I disliked the arrogant cast to her mouth. 我不喜欢她傲慢的口吻。
He has an unusual cast of mind. 他的思想与众不同。
She cast a welcoming smile in his direction. 她向他微笑以示欢迎。
This latest evidence casts serious doubt on his version of events. 最新的证据使人们十分怀疑他对事件的说法。
The box was cast into the river. 盒子被扔进了河里。
to cast anchor 抛锚停泊
The setting sun cast an orange glow over the mountains. 橘红色的夕阳辉映着群山。
The sad news cast a shadow over the proceedings.（比喻用法）这个坏消息给事件的进程蒙上了一层阴影。
a statue cast in bronze 青铜铸像 
an artist cast in the mould of Miro（比喻用法）风格酷似米罗的一位艺术家
an all-star cast 全明星阵容 
a cast list 演员表 
supporting cast 配角演员 
original cast 原班人马 
Who is in the cast? 演员都有谁？
The play is being cast in the US. 目前正在美国挑选这部戏的演员。
He has cast her as an ambitious lawyer in his latest movie. 他选定她在他最近的一部影片里扮演一名雄心勃勃的律师。
vt. cast sb (as sth) 
He cast himself as an innocent victim. 他把自己说成是一个无辜的受害者。
The press cast her in the role of ‘the other woman’. 新闻界把她描述成“第三者”的角色。
She cast a welcoming smile in his direction. 她向他微笑以示欢迎。
Her leg’s in a cast. 她的一条腿打上了石膏。

adj. 1 uncertain (about/of sth) 不用于名词前，对某事感到怀疑的，不确定的，如拿不准的:
2 没有信心或信心不足的，相当于hesitant:
adj. 1（尤指以一种消极或令人不悦的方式）很可能改变的，如变化无常的、捉摸不定的:
2 不明确的、不确定的、未决定的，相当于unclear:
uncertain |[ʌn'sə:tn]
I’m uncertain about what to do. 我拿不准该怎么办。
I’m still uncertain of my feelings for him. 我仍不能肯定我对他的感情。
The baby took its first uncertain steps. 宝宝迈出了最初的蹒跚的脚步。
Our future looks uncertain. 我们似乎前途渺茫。
a man of uncertain temper 脾气令人捉摸不透的男人 
The world is inherently uncertain. 这个世界在本质上是变幻莫测的。
It is uncertain what his role in the company will be. 他在公司担当什么职务尚未决定。
immigration policies that made employment status uncertain 造成就业状况不确定的移民政策 
Whether diet is an important factor in this illness is still uncertain. 饮食是否是这种病的重要致病因素仍无法确定。

n. 1 [C, U] ~ (to do sth) 对某人的威胁、恐吓:
2 [U, C, usually sing.] 麻烦、危险或灾难发生的可能性:
3 [C, usually sing.] ~ (to sth) 构成威胁的人或事物:
threat |[θret]
physical, violent threat 人身威胁；暴力威胁 
She lives daily under threat of violence. 她每天都生活在暴力威胁之下。
verbal threat 言语威胁 
bomb, suicide threat 炸弹威胁；自杀威胁 
He received death threats from right-wing groups. 他收到了右翼团体的死亡恐吓。
The accused made death threats against a notable politician. 被告向一位政客发出了死亡恐吓。
empty, idle threat 空洞的威胁 
The kids took no notice of the teacher's idle threats. 老师的吓唬都是说说而已，孩子们毫不理会。
implied, veiled threat 暗含的威胁 
explicit threat 明显直白的威胁 
It's unwise to make threats that you cannot carry out. 发出不能实施的威胁是不明智的。
Teachers have lifted their threat of strike action. 教师已经取消罢课威胁。
The government refused to give in to the hijackers' threats. 政府拒绝屈服于劫机者的威胁。
He may be forced to carry out his threat to resign. 他也许会被迫把自己的辞职威胁付诸行动。
These ancient woodlands are under threat from new road developments. 新道路开发可能对这些古老的林地造成破坏。
There is a real threat of war. 确有可能发生战争。
Many wild plants are under threat of extinction. 很多野生植物面临灭绝的危险。
the threat from overfishing 过度捕捞带来的威胁 
The junta reacted violently to the perceived threat to its authority. 军政府感到自身权力受到威胁，进行了激烈的反击。
His position as leader will be under threat at a party congress due next month. 在定于下月举行的党代表大会上，他的领导地位将受到威胁。
The opposition presents no immediate threat to the government. 反对派对政府构不成直接威胁。
The government was faced with internal rebellion as well as external threats. 政府面临着内部暴乱和外部威胁。
He is unlikely to be a threat to the Spanish player in the final. 相信他不会在决赛中对这位西班牙运动员形成威胁。
Drugs pose a major threat to our society. 毒品成为对社会的一大威胁。
Some couples see single women as a threat to their relationships. 有些夫妇把单身女人看成是对他们婚姻的威胁。
The Hurricane Center warns people not to take the threat of tropical storms lightly. 飓风中心警告人们，不要对热带风暴的危险掉以轻心。
the environmental threat posed by oil spillages 石油泄漏对环境造成的威胁 
Translators do not yet perceive computers as a threat to their livelihood. 翻译人员尚未将电脑视为对自身生计的威胁 
physical threat 对人身的威胁 
political, health, military, nuclear, security, terror, terrorist threat 政治威胁；对健康的威胁；军事威胁；核威胁；安全威胁；恐怖威胁；恐怖主义威胁

adj. 1 反对巨大或突然的社会变革的；表现出对传统风格和价值观的偏爱的。即保守的，守旧的:
2（估计）低于可能的实际数额或数量的，即保守估计的:
n. [C] 一个保守的人:
adj. 常用Conservative，与英国的保守党有关的，即保守党的:
n. [C] 常用Conservative，简写为Con. 英国保守党的一名党员或一名支持者:
conservative |[kən'sə:vətɪv][kən'sə:vətɪv]
the conservative views of his parents 他父母的保守观念 
a conservative political outlook 保守的政治观点 
conservative values 保守的价值观 
culturally, morally conservative 文化上保守的；道德上保守的 
Her style of dress was never conservative. 她的服装式样一点儿也不保守。
At a conservative estimate, he’ll be earning £800. 按照保守的估计，他会赚到800英镑。
diehard conservative 顽固的保守主义者 
political conservative 政治上的保守分子 
cultural conservative 文化保守主义者
Conservative members, Conservative supporters 保守党的党员；保守党的支持者 

vt. 过高估计（数量、重要性等）:
vt. 过高评价（某人）:
n. [usually sing.] 过高的评估:
overestimate |[ˌəʊvərˈestɪmeɪt;美ˌoʊ-]
The department consistently overestimated its budget deficits. 这个部门一贯高估预算赤字。
It is easy to overestimate the cost of this kind of research. 很容易高估这类研究所需的费用。
We overestimated the cost by about 2%. 我们高估了大约2%的费用。
With hindsight, he was overestimating their desire for peace. 事后看来，他高估了他们对和平的渴望。
The importance of these findings cannot be overestimated (= is very great). 这些发现的重要性是无法充分估量的。
The importance of participating in the life of the country cannot be overestimated. 参与国家生活的重要性再怎么说都不为过。
It is hard to overestimate the potential gains from this process. 这一工艺的潜在收益不可估量。
I think you overestimate me, Fred. 我认为你高估我了，弗雷德。
They overestimated his ability when they promoted him. 他们提拔他的时候高估了他的能力。

n. [C] 纪录影片、纪实广播（或电视）节目:
adj. [只用于名词前] 纪实的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 文件的、文献的、由文件（或文献）组成的:
documentary |[ˌdɒkjuˈmentri;美ˌdɑ:k-]
film, radio, television, TV documentary 电影纪录片；广播纪实节目；电视纪录片 
science, wildlife documentary 科学纪录片；野生动物纪录片 
half-hour, hour-long, forty-minute documentary 半小时的纪录片；一小时的纪录片；四十分钟的纪录片 
feature（尤美）, feature-length documentary 达到正片长度的纪录片 
fly-on-the-wall documentary（尤英）客观视角纪录片 
She has made a television documentary on poverty in our cities. 她制作了一部关于我们众多城市贫困状况的电视纪录片。
There were some interesting interviews in the documentary. 在纪录片中有一些有意思的访谈。
a documentary about identical twins 关于同卵双胞胎的纪录片 
documentary feature, documentary film, documentary programme, documentary series 纪录片；纪实电视节目；系列纪录片 
a documentary film maker 纪录片制片人 
a documentary film about the war 关于那场战争的纪录片
documentary sources, documentary material 文件来源；文献资料 
We have documentary evidence that they were planning military action. 我们有书面证据证明他们正在策划军事行动。
