subconscious				潜意识
genetic					基因的，遗传学的
recurrence					再现，复发
defect					瑕疵，缺陷，叛变
retailer					零售商
memo						备忘录
chain						链条，一系列
executive					有执行权的，经理
ballet					芭蕾舞
enrollment					注册，注册人数
propose					提出，打算，提名，求婚
frantic					发狂似的，狂乱的
allegedly					据宣称
manipulate					操纵，控制，篡改
coverage					新闻报道，覆盖
novel						小说，新颖的
previous					先前的
neutrality					中立，中性
underscore					在...下面画线，强调
indispensable				不可或缺的
puzzle					谜，使困惑，苦思冥想
illustrate					说明，举例说明
sanitation					公共卫生
defensive					防御的，戒备状态
perspective				透视法，观点
migration					移居，迁徙，转移
float						浮
flexible					柔韧的，可变通的
capable					能干的，可能的
practical					实际的，切实可行的
\\\\\\\\

subconsciously 下意识地
A subconscious feeling or action exists in or is influenced by your subconscious. 下意识的
Your subconscious is the part of your mind that can influence you or affect your behaviour even though you are not aware of it. 潜意识
subconscious |英 [sʌb'kɒnʃəs]  美 [,sʌb'kɑnʃəs]| adj. 潜意识的；下意识的/n. 潜在意识；下意识心理活动/
Subconsciously I had known that I would not be in personal danger.下意识地，我已经知道了我将不会有人身危险。
He caught her arm in a subconscious attempt to detain her.他下意识地抓住了她的胳膊，试图留住她。
...the hidden power of the subconscious.…潜意识的隐藏能量。


genetically 遗传地
You use genetic to describe something that is concerned with genetics or with genes. 遗传的
genetic |英 [dʒɪ'netɪk]  美 [dʒə'nɛtɪk]| adj. 遗传的；基因的；起源的/
Some people are genetically predisposed to diabetes.有些人因遗传因素而易患糖尿病。
Cystic fibrosis is the most common fatal genetic disease in the United States.囊肿性纤维化在美国是最常见的致命性遗传疾病。


n. [C, usually sing., U] 再次发生:
recurrence |[rɪˈkʌrəns;美-ˈkɜ:r-]
attempts to prevent a recurrence of the problem 防止问题再次发生的努力 
Police are out in force to prevent a recurrence of the violence. 警方出动大量警力防止暴力事件再次发生。
cancer, disease, tumour/tumor, ulcer recurrence 癌症复发；疾病复发；肿瘤复发；溃疡复发 
He has suffered a recurrence of his hamstring injury. 他的腘绳肌伤复发。
a potentially fatal disease with a high recurrence rate 一种复发率很高的致命性疾病 
a high risk of recurrence 高复发风险

vi. ~ (from sth) (to sth) 背叛一个政党、国家等（而投入敌方怀抱）:
n. [C] 身体缺陷:
n. [C] 某事物的缺点、缺陷:
defect |[ˈdi:fekt;dɪˈfekt]
He tried to defect to the West last year. 去年他试图叛逃到西方。
He defected from the party in the late 1970s. 他在20世纪70年代后期叛出了该党。
birth, congenital, genetic defect 出生缺陷；先天缺陷；遗传缺陷 
All lambs are checked for birth defects when they are born. 所有羔羊出生时都要检查是否有先天缺陷。
developmental, physical, visual, eye, speech defect 发育缺陷；身体缺陷；视力缺陷；语言缺陷 
The child had a mild heart defect. 这孩子有轻微的心脏缺陷。
He has a congenital heart defect. 他有先天性心脏缺陷。
He was born with a hearing defect. 他患有先天性听力缺损。
This is a physical defect that cannot be cured. 这种身体缺陷是无法治愈的。
character defect 性格缺陷 
a defect of her character 她性格上的缺陷
construction（尤美）, manufacturing, mechanical（尤英）, structural defect 建筑缺陷；制造缺陷；机械缺陷；结构缺陷 
A defect in the aircraft caused the crash. 飞机的一个缺陷导致了这起坠毁事故。
The builders agreed to remedy the structural defects. 建筑商答应纠正结构上的缺陷。
a defect in the glass 玻璃杯的缺陷 
a fundamental defect in the product 这种产品的一个根本缺陷 
Goods with slight defects are sold at half price. 有轻微瑕疵的货品以半价出售。
birth, congenital, genetic defect 出生缺陷；先天缺陷；遗传缺陷 
All lambs are checked for birth defects when they are born. 所有羔羊出生时都要检查是否有先天缺陷。
developmental, physical, visual, eye, speech defect 发育缺陷；身体缺陷；视力缺陷；语言缺陷 
The child had a mild heart defect. 这孩子有轻微的心脏缺陷。
He has a congenital heart defect. 他有先天性心脏缺陷。
He was born with a hearing defect. 他患有先天性听力缺损。
This is a physical defect that cannot be cured. 这种身体缺陷是无法治愈的。
character defect 性格缺陷 
a defect of her character 她性格上的缺陷 
The book contains serious defects. 这本书有严重的缺陷。
major defects in the education system 教育体制的重大缺陷

n. [C] 零售商；零售店（可以是一个人，也可用是一家公司）:
retailer |[ˈri:teɪlə(r)]
the country's biggest food retailer 该国最大的食品零售商 
niche（尤英）, specialist（英）, specialty（美）retailer 针对特定顾客的零售商；专业零售商；专营零售商 
high-end（美）, luxury（尤美）, upscale（美）高端零售店；奢侈品零售店；高级零售店 
discount retailer 折扣零售商 
brick-and-mortar（美）, bricks-and-mortar（美）, traditional retailer 实体零售店；传统零售店 
Internet, online, Web 网上零售店 
apparel（美）, clothing, electrical（英）, electronics, fashion, food, furniture, grocery, music, toy retailer 服饰零售商；服装零售商；电器零售店；电子产品零售店；时装零售店；食品零售店；家具零售店；杂货零售店；音乐零售店；玩具零售商 
Furniture and carpet retailers are among those reporting the sharpest annual decline in sales. 据称年销售额下滑幅度最大的零售商中包括家具和地毯零售商。

n. [C]（也可用正式的memorandum）~ (to sb)（公司或组织机构内部的）公务便条、备忘录:
memo |[ˈmeməʊ;美-moʊ]
classified, confidential, secret memo 保密的备忘录；机密的备忘录；秘密的备忘录 
the contents of a leaked memo一份被泄露的备忘录的内容 
a government memo obtained by the Associated Press 美联社获得的一份政府备忘录 
memo pad 备忘录便笺 
memo line（美）备注栏 
An internal memo about his departure had already circulated. 一份关于他离开的内部备忘录已经在传阅了。
my memo of June 28 我6月28日的备忘录 
a memo on the curriculum changes from the Head of Education 来自教育主管关于课程变化的备忘录 
She circulated a memo to the staff. 她把备忘录散发给员工。

chain sb/sth (up) 用链子系上；用链子将某人（或事物）与另一者拴在一起（使其不能逃跑或被偷）:
n. 1 [C, U]（用于拉拽或系扎…的）一系列相连接的金属环，即金属链子；还可指用于某一目的的一段金属链条:
2 [C] 一系列相联系的事物、事件或人:
n. [C] 由同一家公司所拥有的一些商店或旅馆等，即连锁店:
n. [C, usually pl.] [正式或文学] 对某人的自由（或其做某事的能力）起限制作用的事物，即约束，桎梏，限制等:
chain |[tʃeɪn]
vt. chain sb/sth (to sb/sth) 
The doors were always locked and chained. 那些门总是上着锁链。
She chained her bicycle to the gate. 她用链子把自行车锁在大门上。
The dog was chained up for the night. 夜间那条狗用链子拴起来。
I’ve been chained to my desk all week.（比喻用法）我整个星期都在伏案工作，脱不开身。
The prisoners were kept in chains. 囚犯戴着镣铐。
She wore a long gold chain around her neck. 她脖子上戴着一条长长的金项链。
bicycle chain 自行车链条 
key chain 钥匙链 
daisy chain 雏菊花环 
He kept the dog on a chain. 他用链子拴着狗。
Our suppliers are the weakest link in the chain.（比喻用法）我们的供货商是链条上最薄弱的环节。
a chain of events 一连串事件 
an unbroken chain of entertainers 不断涌现的演艺人员 
food, supply chain 食物链；供应链 
chain reaction 连锁反应 
a chain of command 指挥系统 
island, mountain chain 岛链；山脉 
The people formed a human chain to pass the suppliers up the beach. 人们排成一列把物资送上岸。
fast-food, hotel, supermarket, etc. chain 连锁快餐店；连锁酒店；连锁超市等 
chain store 连锁商店
the chains of fear, the chains of misery 恐惧的桎梏；苦难的枷锁

n. 1 [C]（公司或组织机构的）经理、主管:
2 [C] 运作一家公司或一个组织机构的一群人，即领导层:
adj. 1 [只用于名词前] 与公司或组织机构的管理有关的（涉及制定计划及做出决策），即经营管理的:
2 [只用于名词前] 有执行权的，即行政的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 昂贵的、供重要人物使用的:
n. [sing.] the executive指政府的行政部门:
executive |[ɪgˈzekjətɪv]
a chief executive in a computer firm 一家计算机公司的总裁 
Her husband is a senior bank executive. 她丈夫是银行高级主管。
a top executive in a large corporation 一家大公司的高层主管 
key contracts to prevent the loss of key executives 防止重要主管流失的合约 
one of the most successful TV executives 现有电视台执行官中最成功的一位 
The contract gives a female executive maternity leave rights. 合同给予女经理休产假的权利。
business, company, corporate, industry executive 公司经理；行业经理 
oil company executives 石油公司经理 
accout, advertising, financial, legal（英）, marketing, public relations, sales executive 会计主管；广告主管；财务主管；法务主管；营销主管；公关主管；销售主管 
media, metwork（尤美）, news（美）, record（美）, studio, television, TV executive 媒体主管；网络主管；新闻主管；唱片主管；演播室主管；电视主管 
One TV network executive has already called for more deregulation. 一名电视网主管已经呼吁进一步放松管制。
airline, auto（美）, oil（尤美）, technology（美）executive 航空公司主管；汽车主管；石油主管；技术主管 
The union's executive has/have yet to reach a decision. 工会领导层还有待做出决策。
She has an executive position in a finance company. 她是一家金融公司的领导层成员。
executive decisions, executive duties, executive jobs 经营管理的决策；经营管理的职责；经营管理的工作 
the executive dining room 管理人员食堂 
A successful job search needs to be as well organised as any other executive task. 成功的求职与执行其他任何任务一样，都需要良好的条理性。
I don't envisage I will take an executive role, but rather become a consultant on merchandise and marketing. 我不设想自己将成为管理人员，但很希望成为商品营销顾问。
executive authority 行政当局 
executive board, executive body, executive committee, executive officer 执行董事会；行政机构；执行委员会；行政长官 
the council's executive member for education（英）理事会的教育执行委员 
executive meeting（尤英）执行机构会议 
Executive power is held by the president. 执行权由董事长掌握。
He sits on the executive committee that manages Lloyds. 他是管理劳埃德保险公司的执行委员会成员。
Some executive members have called for his resignation. 一些执行委员会成员要求他辞职。
executive car, executive home 高级汽车；高级住宅 
executive suite (= in a hotel)（旅馆的）贵宾套房 
executive lounge (= at an airport)（机场的）贵宾休息室 
executive briefcase 高级公文包 
a chain of shops specialising in pricey executive toys 专卖价格昂贵的精美玩具的连锁商店
The government, the executive and the judiciary are supposed to be separate. 政府、行政部门和司法部门应该彼此分离。
The matter should be resolved by the executive branch of government. 这个问题应该由政府的行政部门解决。
She is a member of the party's national executive. 她是党的全国行政机构成员。
political executive 权力机关 
government, party, union（尤英） executive 政府行政机构；政党行政机构；工会行政机构 
Conservatives are believers in a strong executive. 保守派相信需要一个强大的行政机构。
ruling executive（英） 在任的行政当局 
elected executive 选举产生的行政机关 
Parliament's ability to control the executive（英） 议会控制行政机构的能力

n. [U] 芭蕾舞:
n. [C]（用芭蕾舞来作为艺术表现形式的）芭蕾舞剧:
n. [C] 芭蕾舞团:
n. [C]（用芭蕾舞来作为艺术表现形式的）芭蕾舞剧:
ballet |['bæleɪ]
contemporary ballet 当代芭蕾舞 
ballet dancer 芭蕾舞演员 
ballet company 芭蕾舞团 
ballet shoe, ballet slipper 芭蕾舞鞋 
ballet class 芭蕾舞班
a classical ballet 古典芭蕾舞剧 
one-act ballet 独幕芭蕾舞剧
members of the Royal Ballet 皇家芭蕾舞团成员
a classical ballet 古典芭蕾舞剧 
one-act ballet 独幕芭蕾舞剧 
to stage ballet 上演芭蕾舞剧 


enrollment | 注册,登记,入学

vt.&vi. 打算、计划（去做某事）:
vt. 提议祝（酒）；提议为…干杯:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (to sb) 求婚:
vt. [正式] 提出建议、计划等以供人们考虑或做决策。即建议、提议:
~ sb (for/as sth) 在正式会议上提出某事并让人们就其表决:
vt. [正式] 提出一种（似乎能解释某事的）理论或解释:
~ sb (for/as sth) 在正式会议上提名某人并让人们就其表决:
~ sb (for/as sth) 在正式会议上提名某人并让人们就其表决:
propose |[prəˈpəʊz;美-ˈpoʊz]
What do you propose to do now? 现在你打算做什么？
It's still far from clear what action the government proposes to take over the affair. 政府打算采取何种行动处理该事件仍然十分不明朗。
And where do you propose building such a huge thing? 那么你打算在哪里建这么一个庞然大物呢？
How do you propose getting home? 你打算怎么回家？
Usually the bride's father proposes a toast to the health of the bride and groom. 通常新娘的父亲会提议为新郎新娘的健康干杯。
He was afraid that if he proposed she might refuse. 他担心他若求婚，她会拒绝。
She proposed to me! 她向我求婚了！
He had proposed to Isabel the day after taking his seat in Parliament. 当选议员的第二天，他向伊莎贝尔求婚了。
to propose marriage 求婚
The government proposed changes to the voting system. 政府建议修改表决制度。
Britain is about to propose changes to some institutions. 英国将提议对一些机构进行改革。
It was George who first proposed that we dry clothes in that locker. 是乔治首先提议我们把衣服挂在那个储物柜里晾干的。
What would you propose? 你想提什么建议？
She proposed that the book be banned.（英式也可用She proposed that the book should be banned.）她提议查禁这本书。
It was proposed that the president be elected for a period of two years. 有人提议选出的主席任期为两年。
He proposed changing the name of the company. 他建议更改公司的名称。
It was proposed to pay the money from public funds. 有人提议用公款支付这笔钱。
Are you seriously proposing that we allow this situation to continue? 你建议我们应该任由这一局势持续下去是认真的吗?
The plan originally proposed was ruled unrealistic. 最初提出的计划被判定为不切实际。
The measures have been proposed as a way of improving standards. 提议采取这些措施是为了提高水准。
He was proposed for the job of treasurer.他被提议担任财务主管一职。
the newly proposed amendments（newly尤为美式用法）新提出的修正案 
the recently proposed standards 最近提出的标准 
vt. ~ sth 
to propose a motion (= to be the main speaker in support of an idea at a formal debate) 提出动议 
A delegate from Siberia proposed a resolution that he stand down as party chairman. 一名来自西伯利亚的代表提议他辞去党主席的职务。 
This highlights a problem faced by people proposing theories of ball lightning. 这使得球状闪电理论的提出者所面临的一个问题凸显出来。
Newton proposed that heavenly and terrestrial motion could be unified with the idea of gravity. 牛顿提出天体和地球的运动可以用万有引力来解释。
She proposed a possible solution to the mystery. 她提出了对这个奥秘的一种可能的解答。
vt. ~ sth 
I propose Tom Ellis for chairman. 我提名汤姆·埃利斯做主席。
I asked Robin Balfour and Derek Haig to propose and second me. 我请罗宾·鲍尔弗和德里克·黑格提名并支持我。
vt. ~ sth 
I propose Tom Ellis for chairman. 我提名汤姆·埃利斯做主席。
I asked Robin Balfour and Derek Haig to propose and second me. 我请罗宾·鲍尔弗和德里克·黑格提名并支持我。

adj. 1 紧张忙乱的、手忙脚乱的:
2（因害怕或担心）无法控制感情的、发狂似的:
adj. 紧张忙乱的、手忙脚乱的:
frantic |[ˈfræntɪk]
frantic dash, frantic search, frantic struggle 不顾一切的猛冲；疯狂的搜查；疯狂的斗争 
They made frantic attempts to revive him. 他们拼命地努力让他苏醒过来。
We were starting to get frantic with worry. 我们担心得要发疯了。
Let's go back. Your parents must be getting frantic by now. 咱们回家吧。你的父母现在肯定快要急死了。
He was absolutely frantic by the time we got home. 我们到家时，他已经急疯了。
The children are driving me frantic (= making me very annoyed). 孩子们快要使我发疯了。
A bird had been locked in and was by now quite frantic. 一只鸟被关进了笼子，到现在它都十分狂躁。
Things are frantic in the office right now. 现在办公室里是忙作一团。
A busy night in the restaurant can be frantic in the kitchen. 餐馆晚上生意好,厨房里可能会忙成一片。

 All this and much more has to be said to demonstrate the futility of all the allegedly scientific achievements of Marx.  所有这些，还有更多的事实，据说都证明了马克思所取得的所有科学成就均属无用。
 Some have described the case as racial discrimination and an example of the flawed US justice system while others said he deserves to be punished for what he allegedly did.  一些人将该事件视为种族歧视，并指责美国的司法系统存在漏洞；而另一些人则表示翟田田理应为他的言论受到惩罚。
 Other emails ask for registration fees for conferences allegedly sponsored by WHO and for hotel reservations, again with the promise of certain benefits.  还有一些电子邮件为所谓由世卫组织主办的会议索要登记费和旅馆预订费，同时也许诺某些益处。
allegedly |英 [ə'ledʒɪdlɪ]  美 [ə'lɛdʒɪdli]| adv. 依其申述；据说，据称/



vt. ~ (sb into sth/into doing sth) 为贬义用法，表示控制某人或某事物、事件、局势，且常指暗中操控，而受控者还意识不到自己被操控:
vt. 熟练地控制或使用某事物:
vt. 熟练地控制或使用某事物:
vt. 熟练地控制或使用某事物:
vt. [术语] 医学上指正骨、治疗脱臼或对肌肉进行推拿:
manipulate |[məˈnɪpjuleɪt]
She uses her charm to manipulate people. 她利用自身的魅力来摆布别人。
As a politician, he knows how to manipulate public opinion. 身为一位政客，他知道如何左右公众舆论。
to manipulate voters 操纵选民 
She knows how to manipulate the audience. 她知道如何驾驭观众。
They managed to manipulate us into agreeing to help. 他们设法促使我们答应了提供帮助。
Children try to manipulate you. 孩子们试图摆布你。
genetically manipulated organisms 通过基因来控制的生物体 
to control and manipulate events 操控事件 
to manipulate an situation 操控局势 
to manipulate the tax system to evade tax 操控税务系统来逃税          
to manipulate the gears and levers of a machine 熟练地操纵机器的排挡和变速杆 
Computers are very efficient at manipulating information. 计算机在处理信息方面效率极高。
to manipulate a computer 操控电脑 
to manipulate puppets 操纵木偶
to manipulate the gears and levers of a machine 熟练地操纵机器的排挡和变速杆 
Computers are very efficient at manipulating information. 计算机在处理信息方面效率极高。
to manipulate a computer 操控电脑 
to manipulate puppets 操纵木偶
to manipulate the gears and levers of a machine 熟练地操纵机器的排挡和变速杆 
Computers are very efficient at manipulating information. 计算机在处理信息方面效率极高。
to manipulate a computer 操控电脑 
to manipulate puppets 操纵木偶
to manipulate my leg 对我的腿实施推拿术

n. [U]（报纸、广播或电视上的）新闻报道:
n. 1 [U]（书、课程学习、电视等的）信息范围，信息质量:
2 [U] 提供的数量；覆盖范围（或方式）:
n. [U] [美] 保险。相当于cover:
coverage |[ˈkʌvərɪdʒ]
tonight's live coverage of the hockey game 今晚曲棍球比赛的现场直播 
Now a special TV network gives live coverage of most races. 现在有一个专门的电视网络对大部分比赛进行现场直播。
There's been massive television coverage of the World Cup. 有大量关于世界杯的电视报道。| around-the-clock（尤美）, non-stop, round-the-clock, wall-to-wall（尤美）coverage 连续24小时的报道；不间断的报道；夜以继日的报道；铺天盖地的报道 
media, news, newspaper, press, radio, television, TV coverage 媒体报道；新闻报道；报纸报道；报刊报道；广播报道；电视报道 
The TV company was given a special award for its news coverage. 这家电视公司获得了新闻报道特别奖。
There's live coverage of the game on TV. 电视上有该场比赛的现场直播。
exclusive coverage 独家报道 
election, sports, war coverage 选举报道；体育报道；战争报道 
The resignation was given widespread coverage. 这一辞职被广泛报道。
The wedding had wide press coverage. 婚礼受到新闻界的广泛报道。
The story dominated local news coverage. 这件事占了当地新闻报道的大半篇幅。
Media coverage of the march focused on the few fights that broke out. 媒体对示威游行的报道集中于爆发的几次斗殴。
Most media coverage disapproves of the travellers' lifestyle and values. 大多数媒体报道都不赞成那些旅行者的生活方式和价值观。
magazines with extensive coverage of diet and health topics 包含大量饮食与健康话题的杂志 
Immunization coverage against fatal diseases has increased to 99% in some countries. 在一些国家致命疾病免疫注射的覆盖面已达到99%。
insurance coverage 保险范围 
dental, health, health-care, medical, prescription, prescription-drug coverage 牙齿险；健康险；卫生保健险；医疗保险；处方药物险 
liability coverage 责任险 
universal coverage 全民保险
the possibility of expanding health-care coverage to all 将医疗保险扩大至全体的可能性 
People fear losing coverage if they switch employers. 人们担心换了雇主会失去保险。
Business liability protection will provide coverage for damages in the event of a legal claim. 商业责任保护险在遇到法律索赔时提供损害赔偿。

adj. [常褒] 新颖的，新奇有趣的（看上去常有一些奇怪的）:
n. [C]（长篇）小说（其人物和事件通常是想象出来的）:
n. [C] 一部新的法令；或一部现存法律的修正案:
novel |['nɒvl]
a novel feature 新特征 
a novel way of demonstrating 新奇的示威方式 
The plan sounded rather novel. 这个计划听上去挺有新意。
adventure, historical, romantic, satirical novel 冒险小说；历史小说；言情小说；讽刺小说 
fantasy, horror, science-fiction novel 奇幻小说；惊悚小说；科幻小说 
detective novel 侦探小说 
classic novel 经典小说 
popular novel 通俗小说 
children’s novel 儿童小说 
The novel was based on a true life story. 这部小说是根据真人真事写成的。

existing or occurring before in time or order:在时间或顺序之前存在或发生
overhasty in acting:演技过火
previous convictions; a criminal record:
previous |ˈpriːvɪəs| Adjective/Noun/:以前的,以前,前,上
she looked tired after her exertions of the previous evening:她昨天晚上劳累后看起来很累
I admit I may have been a bit previous:我承认我可能有点以前
he's got previous—theft and wounding:他以前有过——盗窃和伤害

n. [U]（在协议、竞争或战争中的）中立状态（即不支持任何一方）:
neutrality |[nju:ˈtræləti;美nu:-]
political, religious neutrality 政治中立；宗教中立 
a policy of armed neutrality 武装中立政策 
Switzer land declared its neutrality. 瑞士宣布中立。
the commission's neutrality between Sunnis and Shias 该委员会在逊尼派和什叶派之间保持中立的态度

vt. [尤美] 强调、突出、凸显:
n. [C] [计算机] 下划线、底线（用于字母下划线或计算机命令和互联网地址中）:
vt. 在字词、句子等下面画线（以表示强调）:
vt. [尤美] 强调、突出、凸显:
underscore |[ˌʌndəˈskɔ:(r);美-dərˈs-]
The Labor Department figures underscore the shaky state of the economic recovery. 劳工部的数据进一步印证了经济复苏状况的不稳定。
The rash of accidental shootings underscores how difficult it will be to restore order here. 一连串的意外枪击事件凸显了恢复该地区的秩序有多困难。
He heavily underscored his note to Shelley. 他在给谢利的便条内容下面重重地画了线。
The Labor Department figures underscore the shaky state of the economic recovery. 劳工部的数据进一步印证了经济复苏状况的不稳定。
The rash of accidental shootings underscores how difficult it will be to restore order here. 一连串的意外枪击事件凸显了恢复该地区的秩序有多困难。

~ (for sth/for doing sth) 太重要以致于不可或缺的，即必不可少的:
indispensable |[ˌɪndɪˈspensəbl]
adj. ~ (to sb/sth) 
Cars have become an indispensable part of our lives. 汽车已成了我们生活中必不可少的一部分。
She made herself indispensable to the department. 她成为这个部门不可缺少的一分子。
A good dictionary is indispensable for learning a foreign language. 一本好词典是学习外语必备的。
She was becoming indispensable to him. 他已变得越来越离不开她了。
the indispensable guide for any traveller in France 在法国对任何游客来说都不可缺少的向导 
He had soon made himself indispensable. 他很快就使自己成为不可或缺的人物。
Written sources are considered absolutely indispensable for today's history teaching. 对于今天的历史教学来说，书面资料被认为是绝对必需的。
These drugs are almost indispensable in the fight against the disease. 这些药物对治疗这种疾病几乎是不可缺少的。
skills which turned out to be indispensable to her career 证明对她的事业必不可少的技能

vt. 使某人对某事感到迷惑或困惑。也较为常用:
n. 1 [C] 智力问题（也可叫“谜”），智力游戏或智力玩具（需要仔细思考才能答对或拼装正确）:
2 [usually sing.] 难以理解或解释的（或谜一样的）人、事物或事件:
vi. puzzle over sth 对某事苦苦思索或仔细琢磨（以试图去找出答案或做出解释）。不太常用:
puzzle |['pʌzl]
It often puzzles me. 这常常让我不解。
What puzzles me is why he did that. 令我不解的是为什么他会那样做。
crossword, jigsaw（英）puzzle 填字游戏；拼图玩具 
logic, number puzzle 逻辑游戏；数字游戏 
puzzle book 猜谜书 
puzzle game 猜谜游戏 
puzzle piece 拼图的一片 
His death remains a puzzle. 他的死仍然是个谜。
scientific, theoretical puzzle 科学难题；理论难题 
They’re trying to solve the puzzle of how gravity works. 他们在尝试解开重力的作用原理之谜。
The origin of the word is something of a puzzle. 这个词的起源有点儿让人困惑。
I puzzle over every detail of the matter. 我苦苦思索这个问题的每一个细节。

vt. 表明某事是真实的，或表明一种情况存在:
vt. 用示例、图片等使…的意思更清晰，即解释、说明:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sth (with sth) 给书籍等加图片或图表，即加插图:
illustrate |[ˈɪləstreɪt]
The incident illustrates the need for better security measures. 这次事件说明了加强安全措施的必要。
The case tragically illustrates the dangers of fireworks. 这起案件悲剧性地说明了烟花爆竹的危险性。
The example of the United States illustrates this point. 美国的例子证明了这一点。
This change is neatly illustrated by what has happened to the Arab League. 这种变化鲜明地体现在阿拉伯联盟所发生的事件上。
The dire consequences of chronic underfunding are nowhere better illustrated than in the nation's schools. 长期资金匮乏所造成的严重后果，在该国的中小学表现得最明显不过了。
His question merely illustrates his ignorance of the subject. 他提出的问题仅仅说明了他对这个学科的无知。
To illustrate my point, let me tell you a little story. 为了说明我的观点，让我来给你们讲个小故事。
Last year's sales figures are illustrated in Figure 2. 图2显示了去年的销售数字。
What she attempts to illustrate is the difference between her company and her competitors. 她试图说明的是她的公司与其竞争者之间的差别。
He is showing these silent films to help illustrate his story of survival. 他正在放映这些无声电影，用以更好地说明他劫后余生的过程。
Throughout, she illustrates her analysis with excerpts from discussions. 自始至终，她摘引讨论内容来阐明她的分析。
a way of illustrating to the chairman the folly of his decision 向主席表明其决定有多么愚蠢的一个方法          
to illustrate a book 给一本书加插图 
an illustrated textbook 有插图的课本 
a collection of photographically illustrated magazines 一批插配照片的杂志 
Most items are illustrated by a photograph. 多数物件都配有一张示例照片。
The new edition is heavily illustrated with photographs of aircraft. 新版本中配有大量飞机插图。
His lecture was illustrated with slides taken during the expedition. 他在讲演中使用了探险时拍摄到的幻灯片。

n. [U]（尤指清除人类废弃物的）卫生设备、卫生体系:
sanitation |[ˌsænɪˈteɪʃn]
public sanitation 公共卫生 
sanitation facility, sanitation services, sanitation system 公共卫生设施；公共卫生服务；公共卫生体系 
sanitation department（尤美）公共卫生部门 
sanitation engineer, sanitation worker（均尤美）环卫工人；清洁工 
the direct link between disease and lack of adequate sanitation 疾病与缺乏足够卫生设施之间的直接关系 
disease resulting from poor sanitation 卫生条件差导致的疾病

adj.（行为）有戒心的:
n. [sing.] on/onto the ~处于戒备状态:
adj. 防卫的、防御的:
n. [sing.] on/onto the ~处于防御姿态；采取守势:
adj. [体育] 防守的:
adj. 防卫的、防御的:
defensive |[dɪˈfensɪv]
Don't ask him about his plans--he just gets defensive. 别问他有什么计划——他老存有戒心。
Like their children, parents are often defensive about their private lives. 就像子女一样，父母也常常很注重保护他们的私生活。
She heard the blustering, defensive note in his voice and knew that he was ashamed. 她听出他话音里的气势汹汹和自我卫护，知道他感到了羞愧。
Whenever anyone mentions women's rights, he gets rather defensive. 不论何时有人提及女权问题，他就变得戒心重重。
He did not once glance at his listeners and seemed fiercely defensive. 他一眼也不看他的听众，看上去极为戒备。
He is extremely defensive about his work. 一谈起他的工作他就变得极有戒心。
Their questions about the money put her on the defensive. 他们问到钱的问题时，她就警觉起来。
Warnings of an enemy attack forced the troops onto the defensive. 敌军显示出进攻的迹象，部队不得不进入戒备状态。
He smiled, not wanting to put the man on the defensive. 他笑了笑，不想让那个人产生抵触情绪。
These are purely defensive measures. 这些纯粹是防御措施。
Troops took up a defensive position around the town. 部队在全城采取了守势。
The Government hastily organized defensive measures against the raids. 政府急忙布置了防卫措施抵御空袭。
a largely defensive campaign 以防御为主的战役 
The union leaders were pushed into a more defensive position by the return of a Republican Congress in November. 由于11月份共和党重新控制了国会，工会领导人被推到更加被动防守的位置。
Warnings of an enemy attack forced the troops onto the defensive. 敌军显示出进攻的迹象，部队不得不进入戒备状态。
Accusations are likely to put the other person on the defensive. 谴责很可能会引发对方自我防卫的反应。
He smiled, not wanting to put the man on the defensive. 他笑了笑，不想让那个人产生抵触情绪。
defensive play 防守型打法 
I'd always played a defensive game, waiting for my opponent to make a mistake. 我总是采取防守型的打法，等待对手出错。
Troops took up a defensive position around the town. 部队在全城采取了守势。
The Government hastily organized defensive measures against the raids. 政府急忙布置了防卫措施抵御空袭。
a largely defensive campaign 以防御为主的战役

n. [C] ~ (on sth) 对某事的某种态度，思考…的一个方法，可称为视角、观点。尤指受到自己的信仰和经历影响而产生的看待问题的视角:
n. [C] 景观，尤指在其中可以看到远处的景观:
n. [U] 理智地思考问题或做决策的能力:
n. [U] 绘图中的透视法:
perspective |[pəˈspektɪv;美pərˈs-]
cultural, political, social, theoretical perspective 文化视角；政治视角；社会视角；理论视角 
The book adopts a historical perspective. 这本书是从历史的视角来写的。
a feminist perspective in philosophy 女性视角下的哲学 
multicultural education based on a global perspective 基于全球视角的多元文化教育 
His experience abroad provides a wider perspective on the problem. 他在国外的经历使他以更广阔的视角看待这个问题。
This website puts a completely different perspective on world news. 这个网站从一种截然不同的视角出发解读国际新闻。
This latest study explores stress from a unique perspective. 这项最新研究通过一个独特的视角探讨压力。
stories told from multiple perspectives 从多个角度讲述的故事 
personal perspective 个人视角 
Try to see the issue from a different perspective. 试以不同的角度看待这件事。
a report that looks at the education system from the perspective of deaf people 从聋人的角度看待教育制度的一份报告 
The author brings a balanced perspective to these complex issues. 笔者给这些复杂的问题带来了一个平衡协调的观点。
We should view this from the perspective of the people involved. 我们应该设身处地地看待这件事。
a shift in perspective 视角的转换 
The death of his father has given him a new perspective on life. 父亲的去世让他对人生有了新的认识。
When you reach middle age, you get a different perspective on life. 人到中年，就会从不同的角度认识生活。
a perspective of the whole valley 山谷全景
a sense of perspective 洞察力 
Remember to keep things in perspective. 记住要客观看待事物。
Try to keep these issues in perspective. 要尽量恰当地处理这些问题。
Talking to others can often help to put your own problems into perspective. 跟别人谈谈往往有助于正确看待自己的问题。
Let's get this into perspective. 我们要客观看待这一点。
Her death put everything else into perspective. 她的死使人们开始正视所有其他事情。
It is important not to let things get out of perspective. 重要的是不要把事情轻重倒置。
It's easy to lose perspective on things when you are under stress. 在压力下容易对事情做出错误判断。
the laws of perspective 透视法则 
horizontal, vertical perspective 水平透视法；垂直透视法 
distorted perspective 扭曲的透视效果 
We learnt how to draw buildings in perspective. 我们学习如何用透视法画建筑物。
That tree is out of perspective. 那棵树画得不成比例。

n. [U, C] 人员的迁徙:
n. [U, C] 鸟类或动物的迁徙:
n. [U, C]（计算机系统的）改变、迁移；（程序或硬件的）迁移，转移:
migration |[maɪˈgreɪʃn]
migration from rural to urban areas 从农村地区到城市的迁移 
The decline of the rural economy has caused urban migration. 农村经济的衰退已经导致许多人向城市迁移。
the forced migration of African slaves 非洲奴隶的被迫迁移 
illegal migration 非法移民 
the great waves of migration that took Europeans to the New World 把欧洲人带到新大陆的一波波巨大的移民潮 
mass migrations 大规模的迁移
the seasonal migration of birds 鸟的季节性迁徙 
autumn（尤英）, fall（美）, spring migration 秋季的迁徙；春季的迁徙 
annual migration 每年的迁徙 
internal, inward（尤英）migration 国内迁移 
northward migration 向北的迁徙 
changes in the migration routes of reindeer 驯鹿迁徙路线的改变

vi. [文学] 轻盈、飘然地移动或走动:
n. [C] [美] 加冰激凌的饮料:
n. [C] 节日中的大型彩车（车上载着穿着奇装异服的人们）:
vt. 提出一个想法或计划以供其他人考虑:
vi. 1（在水上或空中慢慢地）浮动；漂流；飘动；飘移，相当于drift。可以是静止状体，也可以是运动状态:
2 float (in/on sth)（在液体表面或液体中）漂浮:
vt. 使…在液体表面（或其附近）漂浮:
n. [C] 学游泳用的一个轻质漂浮物（如救生圈或浮板）:
n. [C] 被系在钓线上的，钓鱼时被放在水面上的，等鱼咬钩后会移动的一个小而轻的物体，即鱼漂；浮子:
n. [sing.] [尤英] 卖家（如商店）的备用零钱（用于给顾客找零）:
vt. 商业领域中可指公司或企业第一次对公众发行股票，即上市:
n. [C, U] 商业领域中可指公司对本公司股票的发行，相当于flotation:
vt.＆vi. 经济金融领域中可指政府使货币汇率自由浮动:
float |[fləʊt]
She floated down the steps to greet us. 她轻盈地下楼来迎接我们。
a Coke float 一杯加冰激凌的可口可乐
a carnival float 狂欢节彩车
They floated the idea of increased taxes on alcohol. 他们建议提高酒税。
A group of geese floated by. 一群鹅缓缓游过。
A few small clouds floated across the sky. 几小片云彩飘过天空。
The smell of new bread floated up from the kitchen. 厨房里飘出新鲜面包的香味。
A small iceberg is floating by. 一座小冰山正漂过。
Beautiful music came floating out of the window. 美妙的乐声从窗口传出。
An idea suddenly floated into my mind.（比喻用法）我脑海里突然浮现出一个想法。
People seem to float in and out of my life.（比喻用法）不同的人在我的生命中出现和消失。
Wood floats. 木头能浮起来。
A few leaves floated on the surface of the water. 水面上漂浮着几片树叶。
Can you float on your back? 你能仰浮吗？
There wasn’t enough water to float the ship. 水不够深，船浮不起来。
They float the logs down the river to the towns. 他们把原木沿河漂流至城镇。
Floats will provide confidence in the water. 救生圈可以增强在水中的信心。
The company was floated on the stock market in 2001. 这家公司于2001年上市。
Shares were floated at 585p. 股票最初上市价为5英镑85便士。
The government decided to allow the peso to float freely. 政府决定让比索自由浮动。

adj. [褒] 能够做出改变以适应新条件（或新情况）的，如灵活的:
adj. 易弯曲而不损坏的，如柔韧的:
flexible |['fleksəbl]
flexible approach, flexible plan 灵活的方法；灵活的计划 
flexible working hours 弹性工作时间 
Human beings are infinitely flexible and able to adjust when survival depends on it. 人类的适应能力是无穷尽的，为了生存可以适应任何环境。
My mother is fairly flexible about what time I need to be home. 妈妈对我应该什么时候回来非常通融。
flexible plastic tubing 挠性塑料管

adj. 1 ~ of sth/of doing sth（某人或某事物）有做某事所必须的能力或才能的:
2（某人）有能力把某事做好的:
capable |[ˈkeɪpəbl]
He's quite capable of lying to get out of trouble. 靠撒谎渡过难关他挺有一套。
I'm perfectly capable of doing it myself, thank you. 谢谢，我完全有能力自己做。
She could hardly believe him capable of such kindness. 她几乎不敢相信他会这么体贴。
She is more than capable of doing it herself. 她完全有能力自己做。
He was barely capable of writing his own name. 他几乎连自己的名字都不会写。
He was not physically capable of climbing out of the window. 他体力不够，无法爬出窗外。
You are capable of better work than this. 你有能力做得比这更好。
He appeared hardly capable of conducting a coherent conversation. 他好像连话都说不清楚。
The kitchen is capable of catering for several hundred people. 厨房能同时容纳数百人进餐。
She's a very capable speaker. 她能说会道。
She seems very capable. 她好像很能干。
He has proved himself a highly capable manager.他已证明自己是个非常能干的经理。
Her husband was such a fine, capable man. 她丈夫又体贴又能干。
She's a very capable teacher. 她是一位能力很强的教师。
I'll leave the organization in your capable hands. 我要把组织工作交给你这位能手。

adj. 1 与实际或真实的情况（而非与观念或理论）相关的:
2（一个想法、方法或行动）正确或明智合理的、极有可能成功的，如切实可行的，相当于workable:
3（一个人）明智的、现实的、实事求是的:
4 只用于名词前，几乎完全的、实际上的，相当于virtual:
adj.（一个人）善于制作或修理东西的，如心灵手巧的，相当于handy:
n. [C] [英，非正式] 科学或技术中的一次实践性课程或考核（学生需要动手去做，而非仅仅去阅读或写作）:
adj.（东西）有用的或合适的、实用的:
adj.（东西）有用的或合适的、实用的:
practical |['præktɪkl]
practical experience of the work 实际的工作经验 
practical problems 实际问题 
a practical application of the research 这项研究的一个实际用途 
I’ll do something practical now. 现在我要做些实实在在的事 
practical advice, practical help, practical support 切实的忠告；切实的帮助；切实的支持 
It wouldn’t be practical for us to go all that way just for the weekend. 我们跑那么远只为了去度个周末实在很不切实际。
For entirely practical reasons, children are not invited. 没有邀请孩子们完全是出于实际的考虑。
Let’s be practical and work out the cost first. 咱们实际一点儿，先计算一下成本费用。
She married a practical stranger. 她等于是嫁了个陌生人。
Bob’s very practical. He does all the odd jobs around the house. 鲍勃心灵手巧，家里的零活儿他都包了。
chemistry, physics practical 化学实验课；物理等实验课 
laboratory practical 实验室 
I passed the written exam but failed the practical. 我通过了笔试，但是实验课考试不及格。
a practical little car 实用小汽车 
a feature that makes the system more practical 使系统更实用的一个特性
a practical little car 实用小汽车 
a feature that makes the system more practical 使系统更实用的一个特性
