contrary					相反的，逆向的，尽管
nutritious					有营养的
anxiety					焦虑
rewarding					有利的，有益的
straightforward				简单的，坦率的
descent					下降，下坡，血统，堕落
hospitality					款待
stuff						东西，私人物品，事儿，作品，要素，装满
stuff oneself				大吃特吃
reflect					映出，显示，深思
carpentry					木工手艺，木器
decode					破译，解读
flaw						瑕疵，错误，毁掉
reveal					披露，展现
tutor						教师，课本
accustom					使某人习惯于某事
acquaintance				相识的人，结识，了解
distribution				分发，分布，分散
trend						趋势，倾向
irritate					使恼怒，刺激
intrinsic					本质的，固有的
deem						认为
arouse					引起，唤醒
suburban					郊区的，平淡乏味的
pursue					追逐，从事
ideology					意识形态，思想体系
layman					外行
instantaneous				瞬间发生的
seasick					晕船的
lack						缺乏
exaggerate					夸大
\\\\\\\\

adj. [正式，贬]（通常指小孩）行为糟糕的；（言行）与人作对的，逆反的:
adj. 1 contrary to sth 与某事物不同的，相对立的，相反的。其描述对象为一对矛盾体中的一者:
2 只用于名词前，（在性质或方向上）完全不同的，截然不同的，完全相反的，相当于opposite，此时二者未见明显区别:
n. [sing.] the contrary 可指相反的事实（或事情、情况）:
In the end the contrary was proved true: he was innocent. 最后证明事实正好相反:
contrary |['kɒntrərɪ]
She was such a contrary child--it was impossible to please her. 这孩子老跟人作对，没法让她高兴。
to be contrary to popular belief 与一般的看法相反 
These results run contrary to our expectations. 这些结果同我们的期望相左。
It seems contrary to common sense. 这似乎违背了常识。
The new claim is directly contrary to what was originally stated. 新的说法与最初的说法截然相反。
Contrary to what the public was told, weapons were still being exported. 与公众被告知的情况相反，武器还在继续出口。
to be contrary to the public interest 违背公众的利益 
contrary advice, contrary opinion, contrary argument 完全相反的建议；完全相反的观点；完全相反的论点

adj. [褒]（食物）营养丰富的:
nutritious |[njuˈtrɪʃəs;美nu-]
tasty and nutritious meals 既可口又有营养的饭菜 
It is always important to choose enjoyable, nutritious foods. 选择好吃的、营养价值高的食物总是很重要。
Some ready made meals are nutritious and very easy to prepare. 一些预制膳食很有营养，而且烹调起来很简单。
Adapt your usual eating regime to make it more nutritious. 调整你的日常饮食习惯，使之更富有营养。

anxiety for sth 强烈想要去做某事或想要某事发生的一种心情，即渴望:
n. 1 [U] anxiety (about/over sth) 感到紧张或担心坏事将要发生的一种心理状态，即焦虑，忧虑:
2 [C] 对某事的担忧、担心或害怕:
anxiety |[æŋɡ'zaɪətɪ]
the candidate’s anxiety to win the vote 候选人对选举胜利的渴望 
the people’s anxiety for the war to end 人民对结束战争的渴望
the high level of anxiety created by entering a new environment 进入新环境产生的高度焦虑 
A lot of anxiety surrounds the issue of human cloning. 人们对克隆人的问题很担忧。
anxiety dream 焦虑梦（由于焦虑而做的梦）
There are anxieties over the effects of unemployment. 对于失业后果有种种担忧。
If you’re worried about your health, share your anxieties with your doctor. 你要是担心自己的健康，就把你的忧虑告诉医生吧。

adj. 报酬高的:
adj.（活动、经历等）值得做的；有益的；有意义的:
rewarding |[rɪˈwɔ:dɪŋ;美-ˈwɔ:rd-]
Teaching is not very financially rewarding (= is not very well paid). 教书不会有很高的报酬。
Life for the successful doctor can be emotionally and financially rewarding. 对于事业有成的医生来说，生活在精神和物质两方面都能令人满意。
a satisfying as well as a financially rewarding career 令人满意且薪水丰厚的职业
rewarding experience, rewarding job 有益的经历；有益的工作 
a career which she found stimulating and rewarding 她觉得刺激而有意义的职业 
I found it immensely rewarding working with the less able children. 为能力差的孩子工作我觉得是非常值得的。
I did not expect the job to be intrinsically rewarding 我并没有指望这份工作本身会有什么好处。a mutually rewarding partnership 互惠的伙伴关系

adj.（一个人或其行为）诚实且开放的；不戏弄别人或不隐藏某事的。即坦率的，坦诚的。是此义的常规用词，极为常用:
adj. 容易做的；容易理解的；不复杂的，简单的。相当于easy:
straightforward |[streɪt'fɔ:wəd]
a straightforward attitude 坦诚的态度 
He was very straightforward with us about the difficulties involved. 对于其中的困难，他倒是相当坦率地告诉了我们。
a straightforward process 简单的过程 
It’s quite straightforward to get here. 来这儿相当容易。
Getting funding for the project was far from straightforward. 为该项目寻找资金绝非易事。
Look, it’s perfectly straightforward--just multiply everything by five. 瞧，就这么简单，只需都乘以五就行了。
The answer to this question is deceptively straightforward. 这个问题的答案不像看上去那么简单。

n. [C, U] 下降:
n. [sing.] 形势的恶化:
n. [U] ~ (from sb)（语言的）起源之处:
n. [U] ~ (from sb)（人的）出身、血统、祖籍，相当于ancestry:
n. [U] ~ (from sb)（动物的）祖先，相当于ancestry:
n. [C] 向下的斜坡:
n. [C, U] 降落:
n. [sing.] 人的堕落、沦落（到一个糟糕的境况）:
descent |[dɪˈsent]
the descent from the top of the mountain 从山顶下来 
Sixteen of the youngsters set off for help, but during the descent three collapsed in the cold and rain. 十六名年轻人出发去寻求帮助，但在下山过程中有三人因寒冷和大雨晕倒了。
They began the difficult descent of the mountain's south west face. 他们开始沿山的南坡艰难地往下走。
I made a slow and painful descent down the stairs. 我痛苦地慢慢下楼梯。
the country's swift descent into anarchy 国家迅速陷入无政府状态 
The only lasting solution lies in a political settlement. Without it, their descent into chaos will be guaranteed. 唯一的长久之计是通过政治手段解决。否则，他们势必会陷入一片混乱。           
Most European languages have a common descent. 大多数欧洲语言都有共同的起源。
to be of Scottish descent 祖籍是苏格兰 
She is of mixed European and African descent. 她有欧洲和非洲的混合血统。
She is Hungarian by descent. 她祖籍匈牙利。
She claims direct/lineal descent from Queen Victoria. 她声称自己是维多利亚女王的直系后裔。
He claims to have traced descent from Christopher Columbus. 他声称自己的出身可追溯到克里斯托弗·哥伦布。
He traces his line of descent from the Stuart kings. 他的家族可追溯到斯图亚特王朝。
Humans and other apes followed separate lines of descent from a common ancestor. 人类和其他猿类从一个共同的祖先进化而来，但属于不同的世系。
gentle descent, steep descent 缓坡；陡坡 
There is a gradual descent to the sea. 有一片斜坡缓缓伸延到海边。
On the descents, cyclists spin past cars, freewheeling downhill at tremendous speed. 在坡道上，自行车手飞驰着超越了一辆辆汽车，靠着惯性一路疾冲下山。          
The plane began its descent to Heathrow. 飞机开始向希思罗机场降落。
the crash of an Airbus A300 on its descent into Kathmandu airport 空客 A300 在加德满都机场降落时的坠毁 
The space capsule used parachutes to slow its descent. 太空舱用降落伞以减低其降落速度。
We slowed the balloon's rate of descent. 我们放慢了气球的降落速度。
his swift descent from respected academic to struggling small businessman 他从一名受人尊敬的学者到一个度日艰难的小商人的瞬间沦落 
his descent into alcoholism 他沉溺于酒瘾之中

n. 1 [U] 对客人的友好和慷慨行为，如好客:
2 [U]（大型活动中公司为来访者或客户提供的）食物，饮料，服务，如款待:
hospitality |[ˌhɒspɪˈtæləti;美ˌhɑ:s-]
generous, gracious, lavish（尤英）, warm hospitality 盛情款待；热情好客；友好招待 
Thank you for your kind hospitality. 感谢你的友好款待。
We would like to thank you for the warm hospitality extended to us during our recent visit. 我们要感谢你们在我们最近访间期间的热情款待。
Every visitor to Georgia is overwhelmed by the kindness, charm and hospitality of the people. 来到佐治亚州的每位游客都被当地人的善良、可爱和热情好客所深深打动。
We were glad to accept their generous hospitality. 我们高兴地接受了他们的盛情款待。
You must allow me to repay your hospitality. 您得允许我回报一下您的热情款待。
We were entertained in the company's hospitality suite. 公司款待我们住进他们的迎宾套间。
the hospitality industry (= hotels, restaurants, etc.) 招待性行业（如旅馆、饭店等）
A few of us in the press were there, goggle-eyed at the lavish hospitality. 我们几位记者当时在那里，眼馋地看着丰盛的茶点。
corporate hospitality tents 公司提供茶点的帐篷 
the company's corporate hospitality budget 公司招待费预算 
a duty to offer hospitality to strangers 招待陌生人的职责

n. [非正式] 用于泛指人们所做、所说、所想等的事情:
vt. 用于名词前，以强调不在乎、不稀罕:
Ultimately my attitude was: stuff them. 我最终的态度是:
~ B (in, into, under, etc. A) 用…装满一个空间或容器:
vt. 把…快速而潦草地塞进一个小空间:
vt. 给蔬菜、鸡等填入另一种食材:
vt. [常用被动式] 把某种材料填入动物尸体，使其得以保存并保持原状:
~ your face [非正式]（使）吃得过饱:
n. [U] [非正式，有时贬] 用于指名称不详（或无关紧要、或明显知道自己在谈论）的一种物质、材料、一组物品等，如东西、玩意儿:
n. ~ (of sth) [正式或文学] 某事物的最重要的特征；基础、根本:
stuff |[stʌf]
I've got loads of stuff to do today. 我今天有好多事儿要做。
I like reading and stuff. 我喜欢看书什么的。
The band did some great stuff on their first album. 这支乐队首张专辑有几支很棒的曲子。
This is all good stuff. Well done! 这一切都不错，干得漂亮！
What's all this ‘Mrs Smith ’ stuff? Call me Anna. 哪来的什么“史密斯夫人”那一套？叫我安娜好了。
I don't believe in all that stuff about ghosts. 我不信什么鬼呀魂呀的。
Stuff your money. We don't want a handout. 收起你的钱，我们不需要施舍。           
vt. ~ A (with B) 
She had 500 envelopes to stuff with leaflets. 她得在500个信封里装上传单。
She had 500 leaflets to stuff into envelopes. 她得把500份传单装进信封里。
He grabbed my purse, opened it and stuffed it full, then gave it back to me. 他抢过我的钱包，打开并塞满钱，然后还给了我。
The police found the money that she'd stuffed down her dress. 警察发现了她塞到裙子下面的钱。
He hastily stuffed a few clothes into a bag. 他匆匆地把几件衣服塞进一个包里。
Her briefcase was stuffed full of papers. 她的公文包里塞满了文件。
She stuffed her case with presents for the kids. 她装满了一箱给孩子们的礼物。
The fridge is stuffed to bursting. 冰箱满得都快撑破了。
All the drawers were stuffed full of letters and papers. 所有抽屉里都放满了信函文件。
The room was stuffed to the gills with trophies. 房间里全都是奖杯。
He still stood behind his cash register stuffing his mouth with popcorn. 他仍站在收银机后，嘴里塞满了爆米花。
He had something stuffed up his nose. 有东西堵住了他的鼻子。
She stuffed the money under a cushion. 她把钱塞到软垫底下。
His hands were stuffed in his pockets. 他两手插在口袋里。
He stuffed the newspapers into a litter bin and headed down the street. 他把报纸塞进了垃圾箱，然后沿街往前走了。
stuffed peppers 酿柿子椒 
Will you stuff the turkey and shove it in the oven for me? 你能帮我给火鸡填上料然后放进烤箱里吗？
They had had their pet dog stuffed. 他们请人把他们的宠物狗制成了标本。
He didn't much care for the stuffed animal heads that hung on the walls. 他不是很喜欢墙上挂的那些动物头颅标本。
vt. ~ sb/yourself (with sth) 
He sat at the table stuffing himself. 他坐在桌前大吃大嚼。
He was stuffing his face full of chocolate. 他正大吃特吃巧克力。
Don't stuff the kids with chocolate before their dinner. 正餐前不要给孩子一个劲地吃巧克力。
The kids are stuffing themselves silly with ice cream. 孩子们正一个劲儿地吃冰激凌。
We stuffed our faces at the party. 我们在聚会时都吃撑了。
I could stuff myself with ten chocolate bars and half an hour later eat a big meal. 我可以一口气吃10块巧克力，半小时后再吃一顿大餐。
What's all that sticky stuff on the carpet? 地毯上那黏乎乎的都是什么玩意儿？
The chairs were covered in some sort of plastic stuff. 椅子都包了一种塑料膜。
This wine is good stuff. 这酒不错。
I don't know how you can eat that stuff!（贬）我不明白你怎么能吃那种东西！
They sell stationery and stuff (like that). 他们出售文具之类的东西。
Where's all my stuff (= my possessions)? 我那些东西都哪儿去了？
Could you move all that stuff off the table?（贬）请你把桌上那些玩意儿全都拿走好不好？
I'd like some coffee, and I don't object to the powdered stuff if it's all you've got. 我想来点咖啡，如果你只有速溶的那种也可以。
I don't know anything about this antique stuff. 我对于这种古玩物件一无所知。         
The trip was magical; the stuff of which dreams are made. 那是一次奇妙的旅行，宛如梦境。
Parades and marches were the very stuff of politics in the region. 游行示威是那一地区政治生活的基本内容。
Let's see what stuff you're made of (= what sort of person you are). 我们来看看你是怎样一个人。
The idea that we can be whatever we want has become the stuff of television commercials. 每个人皆无所不能，这一理念已经成为电视广告的精髓。

vt. 显示、表明或表达（事物的本质或人的态度、情感等），即反映。是一个常规用词:
vi. 使人对…产生好或坏的印象:
vt.（从一个表面上）反射（声音等）:
vt. 1 reflect sb/sth (in sth) 常用被动式，指在某事物（如镜子、水、玻璃等）的表面上反映或映出…的图像:
2（从一个表面上）反射（光）。是此义的常规用词:
vt.（从一个表面上）反射（热量等）:
vt.＆vi. reflect (on/upon sth) 细致且深深地思考某事，即认真思考，沉思:
vt.（某人）想到…:
reflect |[ri'flekt][rɪ'flekt]
Our newspaper aims to reflect the views of the local community. 我们的报纸旨在反映当地人民的心声。
The punishment should adequately reflect the revulsion felt by most people for this appalling crime. 量刑应充分反映出大多数人对这一骇人听闻的罪行的深恶痛绝。
This year’s budget simply reflects the fact that we have fewer people out of work. 本年度的预算仅仅反映出失业人口有所减少。
The views expressed in this article do not necessarily reflect those of the editor. 文章中反映出的观点不一定是编者的观点。
Senegalese culture strongly reflects influence from Islamic rulers. 塞内加尔文化明显反映出受穆斯林统治者的影响。
The exhibition is designed to reflect the diversity of the nation and its regions. 本次展览旨在反映该国民族和地域的多样性。
The condition of the house is reflected in its low price. 这所房子的状况从其低廉的价格中可见一斑。
The affair hardly reflected well on the president. 这个事件很难让人对那位总统有好印象。
This kind of conduct reflects very poorly on you. 这种行为会让你很丢脸。
information that may reflect negatively on research participants 可能给参与研究者的声誉带来负面影响的信息
His face was reflected in the mirror. 他的脸映照在镜子里。
She could see herself reflected in his eyes. 她在他的眼中看到了自己的样子。
The windows reflected the bright afternoon sunlight. 窗户反射着午后明媚的阳光。
In Milton’s poem, Satan, even after his fall, dimly reflects his former glory.（比喻用法）在弥尔顿的诗中，撒旦即便失败后也能依稀显出昔日的荣光。
The heat is reflected back into space. 热量被反射回太空。
Before I decide, I need time to reflect. 在做出决定以前，我需要时间考虑。
We should all give ourselves time to reflect. 我们都应该给自己时间来深思。
He reflected ruefully that his money didn’t buy as much as it used to. 他懊恼地想着自己的钱已经贬值。
She paused to reflect on what she had achieved. 她停下来，回想自己所取得的成绩。
Things were very much changed since before the war, he reflected. 从战争开始前情况就已经发生了很大的变化，他想到。


carpentry |英 ['kɑːp(ə)ntrɪ]  美 ['kɑrpəntri]| n. 木器；木工手艺；[木] 木工业/



A device that decodes a broadcast signal changes it into a form that can be displayed on a television screen. 转换 (信号)
If you decode a message that has been written or spoken in a code, you change it into ordinary language. 解码
decode |英 [diː'kəʊd]  美 ['di'kod]| vt./to decode data or a message/vi./vt.  decoded/
About 60,000 subscribers have special adapters to receive and decode the signals.大约60000用户有专用适配器来接收和转换信号。
All he had to do was decode it and pass it over.他所要做的就是解译它，然后把它发过去。


n. [C] ~ (in sth) 错误:
n. [C] ~ (in sth) 裂痕、裂隙:
n. 1 [C] ~ (in sth) 缺陷、瑕疵:
2 [C] ~ (in sb/sth) 某人性格上的弱点、缺点:
flaw |[flɔ:]
The argument is full of fundamental flaws. 这段论述充满根本性的错误。
There were, however, a number of crucial flaws in his monetary theory. 但是，他的货币理论中存在若干关键性错误。
Almost all of these studies have serious flaws. 几乎所有这些研究中都存在严重谬误。
It took me a long time to find the flaw in her logic. 我花了很长时间才找到她逻辑上的破绽。           
Unfortunately, this plate has a slight flaw in it. 可惜这个盘子有个小小的裂痕。
Engineers have identified serious design flaws in the proposed nuclear waste dump. 工程师们已确认拟建的核废料处理站存在严重的设计缺陷。
The report reveals fatal flaws in security at the airport. 报告揭示了机场安全的致命缺陷。
Flaws have appeared in the new version of the software. 软件的新版本中出现了若干漏洞。
The markets have exposed the fatal flaw in the government's economic policy. 市场已经暴露出政府经济政策中存在的致命缺陷。
There is always a flaw in the character of a tragic hero. 悲剧主角总有性格上的缺陷。
The only flaw in his character seems to be a short temper. 他性格中的唯一缺点好像就是脾气急。

vt. ~ sth (to sb) 使某事为人所知:
vt. 显露出先前不能被看到的事物:
reveal |[rɪˈvi:l]
to reveal a secret 泄露一条秘密 
She has refused to reveal the whereabouts of her daughter. 她不肯透露她女儿的行踪。
Details of the murder were revealed by the local paper. 地方报纸披露了谋杀的细节。
Officers could not reveal how he died. 警察们不能透露他的死因。
It was revealed that important evidence had been suppressed. 据透露，重要的证据被隐瞒了。
The report reveals (that) the company made a loss of £20 million last year. 报告显示，公司去年亏损2 000万英镑。
A survey of the British diet has revealed that a growing number of people are overweight. 对英国人饮食进行的一项调查显示有越来越多的人超重。
He laughed, revealing a line of white teeth. 他笑了起来，露出一排洁白的牙齿。
A grey carpet was removed to reveal the original pine floor. 一块灰色的地毯被揭开，露出了原来的松木地板。
The door opened to reveal a cosy little room. 房门打开，一间温暖舒适的小屋展现在眼前。
She crouched in the dark, too frightened to reveal herself. 她蜷缩在黑暗中，吓得不敢露面。

n. [C] 某一科目的辅导书或课本，尤指音乐课本:
n. 1 [C] 家庭教师，私人教师（尤指一对一教师或小班教师）:
2 [C] [尤英] 对一个或一群学生的学习、健康等方面进行特别关注的教师，也可叫辅导员:
3 [C] [英] 教师，尤指对成年人进行授课或在学校里有特殊任务的教师:
4 [C] [美] 一些美国大学或学院的助理讲师，即助教:
tutor |['tju:tə]
a piano tutor 钢琴课本
full-time tutor 全职家庭教师 
personal, private tutor 私人教师 
advanced students who act as peer tutors（美）辅导同学的优秀学生 
online tutor 在线辅导教师 
course tutor（英）课程指导教师 
He became tutor to the prince. 他成了王子的私人教师。
She works part time as a tutor for Spanish. 她兼职做西班牙语的私人教师。
He became a tutor to some of the sport’s top players. 他成了该项运动一些顶级选手的导师。
personal tutor 个人指导教师 
an adult education tutor 成人教育教师 
college, university tutor（均英）学院助教；大学助教

make someone or something accept (something) as normal or usual:使某人或某事像平常一样接受（某事）
be used to:习惯
accustom |əˈkʌstəm| Verb/:习惯,习惯了
I accustomed my eyes to the lenses:我的眼睛习惯了镜片
I am not accustomed to having my word questioned:我不习惯让我的话受到质疑

n. 1 [C] 一个你所认识的人（但非亲密朋友）:
2 [U, C] [正式] acquaintance (with sb) 程度很浅的友谊，即略有交情:
n. [U, C] [正式] acquaintance with sb/sth 对某人的了解:
n. [U, C] [正式] acquaintance with sb/sth 对某事物的了解:
acquaintance |[ə'kweɪntəns]
Tom has a wide circle of friends and acquaintances. 汤姆交游很广。
a casual acquaintance 泛泛之交 
business, childhood, mutual acquaintance 生意上的相识；孩提时的朋友；彼此认识的人 
He hoped their acquaintance would develop further. 他希望他们的交情会进一步发展。
a man with whom I had a passing acquaintance 我不甚了解的一个男子 
I first made his acquaintance in 2019. 我是在2019年认识他的。
He introduced me to a reporter of his acquaintance. 他把我介绍给他认识的一名记者。
to make sth’s acquaintance 认识某事物 
I had little acquaintance with modern poetry. 我对现代诗所知甚少。
He has little acquaintance with colloquial English. 他对英语会话几乎一窍不通。

n. 1 [U, C] 某事物在某群人之间的分配:
2 [U] 某事物在人们之间的分发、配送:
n. [U]（电影在各院线的）发行，上映:
n. [U, C] 某事物在某地的分布:
n. [U] [商业] 商品的运输和递送体系，如分销、经销:
distribution |[ˌdɪstrɪˈbju:ʃn]
income, wealth distribution 收入分配；财富分配 
the distribution of resources across society 整个社会的资源分配 
the unfair distribution of wealth 财富分配不公 
capital, dividend, share distribution 资本分配；股息分配；股份分配 
cash distribution 现金分配 
When are distributions likely to be made to creditors? 大概什么时候向债权人进行分配? 
the distribution of food and medicines to the flood victims 向遭受洪灾的灾民分发食品和药物 
food for distribution among the homeless 分发给无家可归者的食品 
The food was packed up for distribution to outlying communities. 食品打好了包，以便运送到边远地区。
Roads are used for local distribution of goods. 本地的货物配送通过公路进行。
the council which controls the distribution of foreign aid 掌管外援物资派发的委员会 
to ensure the proper distribution of medical aid 确保医疗援助的适当配给 
to allow for the distribution of aid 要考虑到援助的配给 
electricity, food, fuel, gas, land, water distribution 配电；食物分发；燃料分配；天然气分配；土地分配；配水 
land distribution policies 土地分配政策。
the distribution of the health budget between various hospitals 医疗预算在各医院的分配 
He admitted there had been distribution problems. 他承认曾出现过配给问题。
He was arrested on drug distribution charges. 他被指控犯传播毒品罪而遭逮捕。
The document contains sensitive information and is not suitable for free（= unrestricted）distribution. 文件中包含敢感信息，不适合随意散发。
The previously free(= not paid for) distribution of textbooks will now be confined to students who are needy. 以前免费发放课本，现在只面向贫困学生。
Our catalogue lists all our books that are available for general distribution. 我们在目录中列出所有全面发行的书。
The publisher has signed an agreement for the exclusive distribution of the books in the US. 出版商已经签署协议，在美国独家发行这此书。2 000 copies of the booklet have been printed and are available for distribution. 已经印制了2，000 份小册子供分发 
the distribution by the government of a leaflet explaining the new tax 政府分发的解释新税的传单 
email distribution lists 电子邮件分发清单
a film-distribution company 电影发行公司
After applying the cream, comb through to ensure even distribution. 抹过发乳后、从上到下梳理头发以将其抹匀。
the relative distribution of continents and oceans 大陆和海洋的相对分布 
the general distribution of earthquakes around the world 全世界地震的总体分布情况 
the broad distribution of Bronze Age artefacts 青铜时代文物的广泛分布 
Fish populations assume highly localized distributions within each river. 鱼群分布集中在每条河的某些区域。
spatial distribution 空间分布 
statistical distribution 统计分布 
weight distribution 重量分布 
age, class, geographical, population, sex, social distribution 年龄分布；阶层分布；地理分布；人口分布；性别分布；社会分布 
the social class distribution of the male population 男性人口的社会阶层分布 
normal, skewed, smooth distribution（均为术语）正态分布；偏态分布；光滑分布 
a normal distribution with a bell-shaped frequency curve 呈现出钟形频度曲线的正态分布 
non-random, random distribution（均为术语）非随机分布；随机分布 
binomial, frequency, probability distribution（均为术语）二项分布；频数分布；概率分布 
The engine is mounted in the middle to achieve a more even weight distribution. 发动机安装在中间，以使重量分布更均衡。
Radiology was used to determine the distribution of the disease. 曾利用放射学方法来测定这种疾病的分布。
They studied the geographical distribution of the disease. 他们研究了这种疾病的地域分布情况。
The map shows the distribution of this species across the world. 地图上标明了这一物种在全世界的分布情况。
These birds have a wide geographical distribution. 这些鸟地理分布广泛。
IQs within the population show a normal distribution. 人口智商呈正态分布。
Animal herds may form in response to the distribution patterns of food. 动物群的形成可能与食物分布格局相对应。
distribution maps of the most important tropical diseases 最重要热带疾病的分布地图 
distribution curve（术语）分布曲线 
people at the low end of the distribution curve of intelligence 处在智商分布曲线低端的人 
The country was noted for its uneven distribution of land resources. 这个国家以土地资源分布不均出名。
data on wealth distribution among age groups 不同年龄组财富分布数据 
a disparity in age distribution between groups 群体间年龄分布的差异 
the distribution of trees over the estate 整个庄园内的树木分布 
uniform distribution of the chemical throughout the timber 木材中化学成分的均匀分布 
changes in the distribution of wealth and income 财富和收入分布的变化
marketing, sales and distribution 营销、销售和经销 
the electronic distribution of software to customers 面向用户的软件电子销售 
the wholesale and retail distribution of a huge variety of goods 品种繁多的商品的批发和零售 
The company is to handle the distribution of the product in Europe. 公司将负责该产品在欧洲的销售。
distribution agreement, distribution deal, distribution arrangement 销售协议；销售安排 
distribution list 销售清单 
distribution rights 销售权 
distribution costs 销售成本 
We have many distribution channels for our software, including electronic.我们有许多渠道销售软件，包括电子销售。
distribution chain, distribution infrastructure，distribution network, distribution pipeline（美）分销链；分销基础设施；分销网络；分销渠道 
There are more fire-arms in the distribution pipeline than most people realize. 在售的军火比大多数人料想的要多。
a channel of distribution 销售渠道 
distribution method分销方法 
distribution process 分销过程 
distribution system分销体系 
distribution facilities 分销设施 
distribution base, distribution centre/center, distribution depot, distribution outlet, distribution point, distribution site 分销基地；分销中心；分销仓库；经销点；分销点 
The Internet is our distribution platform now. 现在互联网是我们的分销平台。
The company has distribution operations in 33 countries worldwide. 公司在全世界33个国家有分销业务。
distribution business, distribution company 经销企业；经销公司 
distribution industry经销业 
distribution through department stores 通过百货商店销售 
There are savings to be made by bypassing retailers in the chain of distribution. 在分销链中绕过零售商可以省钱。

n. [C] 时尚；风尚:
n. [C] 衣着时尚；风尚:
n. [C] trend (towards/in sth) 情况所改变或发展的一个大致方向，即趋势；动态；动向:
trend |[trend]
The latest trend is gardening. 最新的时尚是园艺。
fashion trends 时尚风潮 
A trend for nostalgia has emerged. 出现了一股怀旧的风潮。
Linen is on trend again this summer. 亚麻衣料今年夏天再次流行。
economic, social, political trend 经济趋势；社会趋势；政治趋势 
current trends in language teaching 当前语言教学的趋势 
fashion trend 时尚潮流 
cultural trend 文化的趋势 
evolutionary, historical trend 演变的趋势；历史的趋势 
market trend 市场趋势 
a worrying trend 令人担忧的趋势

vt.（尤指不断重复的事情）使某人烦恼；激怒:
vt. 刺激（皮肤或身体部位）（使其发痒或疼痛）:
irritate |[ˈɪrɪteɪt]
The way she puts on that accent really irritates me. 她故意操那种口音的样子实在令我恼火。
Their attitude irritates me. 他们的态度激怒了我。
That man really irritates me! 那个男人真令我恼火!
Perhaps they were irritated by the sound of crying. 也许他们被哭声惹烦了。
She was moody at times and easily irritated. 她有时候喜怒无常，很容易发火。
Wear rubber gloves while chopping chillies as they can irritate the skin. 切辣椒时要戴橡胶手套，因为辣椒会刺激皮肤。
Some drugs can irritate the lining of the stomach. 有些药物会刺激胃内壁。

adj. ~ (to sth) 作为…的内在本质的，如固有的、内在的:
intrinsic |[ɪnˈtrɪnsɪk;-zɪk]
the intrinsic value of education 教育的固有价值 
These tasks were repetitive, lengthy and lacking any intrinsic interest. 这些作业重复冗长，没有什么意义。
Small local shops are intrinsic to the town's character. 本地的一些小店铺是这个镇的基本特点。
The paintings have no intrinsic value except as curiosities. 这些油画除了作为古董，本身没有什么内在价值。
The rate is determined by intrinsic qualities such as the land's slope. 速度由诸如地面坡度这样的内在因素决定。

vt. [正式]（常不用于进行时）对某事持有某个观点，即认为:
deem |[di:m]
The evening was deemed a great success. 大家认为这次晚会非常成功。
French and German were deemed essential. 法语和德语被认为是必不可少的。
She deemed it prudent not to say anything. 她认为什么都不说是明智的。
They would take any action deemed necessary. 他们会采取认为必要的任何行动。
He says he would support the use of force if the UN deemed it necessary. 他说如果联合国认为有必要使用武力，他将予以支持。

vt. 激起某人的兴趣:
vt. 激起某人的愤怒:
vt. 激起某人的某种感情:
vt. 使人活跃起来并想要开始做某事:
vt. 引起某人的某种感情或态度:
vt. 激起某人的某种感情或态度:
vt. 激起生理反应（如性欲或食欲、生理本能）:
vt. ~ sb (from sth) [正式] 把某人从睡梦中唤醒:
arouse |[əˈraʊz]
to arouse sb's interest 激起某人的兴趣 
to arouse sb's anger 激起某人的怒气 
the deep public anger you have aroused 你所激起的强烈公愤 
He apologized, saying this subject always aroused him. 他道歉说这个话题总是会让他生气。
the deep public anger you have aroused 你所引起的强烈公愤
The whole community was aroused by the crime. 这个罪行使整个社会行动起来。
to arouse sb's interest 引起某人的兴趣 
the deep public anger you have aroused 你所引起的强烈公愤 
He apologized, saying this subject always aroused him. 他道歉说这个话题总是会让他生气。
Her strange behaviour aroused our suspicions. 她的古怪行为引起了我们的怀疑。
We left in the daytime so as not to arouse suspicion. 我们在白天离开以避免引起怀疑。
to arouse sb's interest 激起某人的兴趣 
to arouse sb's interest curiosity 激起某人的好奇心 
to arouse sb's anger 激起某人的怒气 
the deep public anger you have aroused 你所激起的强烈公愤 
He apologized, saying this subject always aroused him. 他道歉说这个话题总是会让他生气。
Her strange behaviour aroused our suspicions. 她的古怪行为激起了我们的怀疑。
Some men are aroused when their partner says erotic words to them. 有些男人在性伴侣对他们说撩人情话时会被激起性欲。
There is nothing like a long walk to arouse the appetite. 没有什么比走很长的路更能激起食欲的了。
He aroused her mothering instincts. 他激发了她母性的本能。
About two o'clock, we were aroused from our sleep by a knocking at the door. 大约两点时，我们被一通敲门声唤醒。

adj. [贬] 平淡乏味的、呆板的、传统的:
adj. 郊区的、城郊的:
suburban |[səˈbɜ:bən;美-ˈbɜ:rb-]
a suburban lifestyle 平淡乏味的生活方式 
His clothes are conservative and suburban. 他衣着保守而传统。
ghastly good taste and suburban gentility 令人厌恶的高级品位和无聊呆板的绅士风度          
suburban areas 郊区地带 
suburban district 郊区 
a suburban street 郊区街道 
life in suburban London 伦敦郊区的生活 
a comfortable suburban home 城外舒适的住所 
a suburban shopping centre in Sydney 悉尼城郊的购物中心 
suburban bungalow 郊区的平房 
suburban villa 郊区的别墅

vt. [正式] 追求一个兴趣:
vt. [正式] 付出努力（通常是长时间的努力）追求一个目标或结果:
vt. [正式] 继续查找，即追查、追究:
vt. [正式]（尤指为了抓住…而）追赶、追逐某人或某事物:
vt. [正式] 实施、贯彻、执行一项活动或计划:
vt. [正式] 追问、追究:
pursue |[pəˈsju:;美pərˈsu:]
Which career do you wish to pursue? 你打算干哪一行？
She wishes to pursue a medical career. 她希望从事医学工作。
He was still doggedly pursuing his studies. 他坚持不懈地进行着自己的研究。
It became harder for women married to diplomats to pursue their own interests. 与外交官结婚的女性要追求自己的爱好就变得更加困难了。
the freedom to pursue her own interests 做她自己感兴趣之事的自由 
to pursue a goal/an aim/an objective 追求（或实现）目标 
The implication seems to be that it is impossible to pursue economic reform and democracy simultaneously. 言外之意似乎是经济改革和民主化进程是不可能同时进行的。
He has aggressively pursued new business. 他积极开拓新业务。
We have decided not to pursue the matter. 我们决定不再追究这件事。
She left the theatre, hotly pursued by the press. 她离开剧场，被记者穷追不舍。
He pursued her relentlessly, refusing to take ‘no’ for an answer. 他锲而不舍地追着她，拒不接受“不”的回答。
She pursued the man who had stolen a woman's bag. 她追赶那个偷了一个妇女提包的男人。
He ran past, hotly pursued by two policemen. 他跑了过去，两名警察在后面穷追不舍。
Police pursued the car at high speed. 警察高速追赶那辆汽车。
We intend to pursue this policy with determination. 我们准备坚决贯彻这项政策。
to pursue legal action 进行诉讼
If your original request is denied, don't be afraid to pursue the matter. 如果你最初的请求遭到拒绝，不要害怕，要继续追问下去。

n. 1 [C, U] [有时贬]（作为经济或政治体制之基础的）思想体系:
2 [C, U] [有时贬] 一群人所持有的、对其行为产生影响的一套信念，如意识形态、观念形态:
These businesses have a core ideology of which profit is but one ideal. 这些公司的核心理念是:
ideology |[ˌaɪdiˈɒlədʒi;美-ˈɑ:l-]
Marxist, capitalist, communist, socialist, feminist, fundamentalist, liberal, revolutionary ideology 马克思主义思想体系；资本主义思想体系；共产主义思想体系；社会主义思想体系；女性主义思想体系；原教旨主义思想体系；自由主义思想体系；革命思想 
The party had a Marxist ideology. 该党以马克思主义思想为指导。
They adopted a communist ideology. 他们接受了共产主义思想。
dominant, prevailing ideology 主流意识形态 
They are divided by opposing ideologies. 他们因意识形态冲突而彼此对立。
the narrow ideology of the extreme right 极右派狭隘的意识形态 
radical ideology 激进的意识形态 
They share a hateful ideology that rejects tolerance. 他们都抱有拒绝宽容的可恶的思想。
cultural, economic, gender（尤美）, political, racial, religious ideology 文化意识形态；经济意识形态；性别意识形态；政治意识形态；种族意识形态；宗教意识形态 
Gender ideology still has an important role in determining how couples allocate household tasks. 性别意识形态在夫妻家务分配中仍然扮演着重要角色。
bourgeois, capitalist, extremist, nationalist ideology 资产阶级意识形态；资本主义意识形态；极端主义意识形态；民族主义意识形态 
an ideology imposed by an elite group 由精英集团强加的意识形态 
They shared a common political ideology. 他们拥有共同的政治理念。
a unique ideology based on the concept of service 以服务观念为基础的独特理念 
They ideology was challenged in the early twentieth century. 这种理念在二十世纪早期遭遇到了挑战。

A layman is a person who is not trained, qualified, or experienced in a particular subject or activity. 外行人
layman |英 ['leɪmən]  美 ['lemən]| n. 外行；门外汉；俗人；一般信徒/n. (Layman)人名；(英)莱曼/
The mere mention of the words "heart failure" can conjure up, to the layman, the prospect of imminent death.一提到“心力衰竭”几个字，外行人就会想到立即死亡。


adj. 立即发生的、立刻的、瞬间的:
instantaneous |[ˌɪnstənˈteɪniəs]
an instantaneous response 即时的反应 
Death was instantaneous because both bullets hit the heart. 因为两颗子弹都击中了心脏，所以死亡只在旦夕之间。

seasickness 晕船
If someone is seasick when they are travelling in a boat, they vomit or feel sick because of the way the boat is moving. 晕船的
seasick |英 ['siːsɪk]  美 ['sisɪk]| adj. 晕船的/
He was very prone to seasickness and already felt queasy.他很容易晕船，此时已经感到恶心了。
It was quite rough at times, and she was seasick.海上有时波涛汹涌，她就晕船。


n. [U, sing.] lack (of sth) 没有（或没有足够的）某事物的一种状态，即缺乏，相当于dearth或shortage:
vt. 无被动式，没有（或没有足够的）某事物，即缺乏:
lack |[læk]
lack of food, lack of money, lack of sleep, lack of skills, lack of interest, lack of enthusiasm, ack of communication 缺乏食物；缺钱；缺乏睡眠；缺乏技能；缺乏兴趣；缺乏热情；缺乏沟通 
They lost the game, but not for lack of trying. 他们输了比赛，但已经尽力了。
She completely lacks confidence. 她完全没有信心。
He apparently lacked the desire to learn. 他看上去缺乏学习兴趣。
His life seemed to lack direction. 他的人生似乎缺乏方向。
His claim clearly lacked conviction. 他的主张明显缺乏说服力。
Her high-heeled shoes gave her the height she otherwise lacked. 她的高跟鞋弥补了她身高的不足。

vt.（将情况、属性、特征等）突显出来。主语一般是事物:
vt.&vi.（将情况、属性、特征等）夸张、夸大。主语一般是人:
exaggerate |[ɪgˈzædʒəreɪt]
These figures exaggerate the loss of competitiveness. 这些数字突显了竞争力的丧失。
The dress exaggerates her wasp waist and enlarges her bosom. 那件连衣裙凸显了她的蜂腰，也让她的胸部看起来更丰满。
He thinks I'm exaggerating. 他觉得我在夸大其词。
Don't exaggerate. 别夸张。
The hotel was really filthy and I'm not exaggerating. 我不是夸张，这旅店真的很脏。
He tends to exaggerate the difficulties. 他往往夸大困难。
John does tend to exaggerate slightly. 约翰往往喜欢把事情略加夸大。
These figures have been greatly exaggerated. 这些数字已被极度夸大了。
The historical significance of these events can be easily exaggerated. 这些事件的历史意义很容易被夸大。
to artificially exaggerate 人为夸大 
to deliberately exaggerate 故意夸大 
It is difficult to exaggerate the importance of developing good study habits. 养成良好学习习惯的重要性怎么强调都不过分。
The allegations were highly exaggerated. 这些断言大为言过其实。
Demand for the product has been greatly exaggerated. 对这项产品的需求给过分夸大了。
I'm sure he exaggerates his Irish accent (= tries to sound more Irish than he really is). 我肯定他把他的爱尔兰口音故意说得很重。
