territory					领土，地盘
urbanization				城市化
privilege					特权，荣幸
forthcoming				即将到来的，可得到的，乐于助人的
widen						变宽，扩展
deduction					扣除，推论
by deduction				通过推理
virtual					实质上的，虚的
boast						自夸，自豪的拥有
monetary					货币的
dim						昏暗的，模糊的，变暗，减退
sensible					明智的，实用的，意识到的
infant					婴儿，初期的
precedent					先例
activate					启动，触发
accomplish					完成，达到
immigration				移民入境
approve					批准，赞成
pessimist					悲观主义者
aggressive					好斗的，挑衅的，积极强硬的
toxic						有毒的，有害的
ruling					统治的，占支配地位的，裁决
prolong					延长
tension					紧张，电压，绷紧
specialist					专家，专科医生，专业的
encounter					遭遇，邂逅
reap						收割，获得
institute					机构，开始实行
maintenance				保养，维持
legend					传说，铭文
groundless					无根据的
\\\\\\\\

n. 1 [C, U] 某人在工作或其它活动中所负责的一个地区（如一个城镇、国家等）:
2 [U]（具有一定特点的）某类地区或地带:
n. [C, U]（个人、知识的）领域、（经验的）范围:
n. 1 [C, U] 由一个国家或统治者所统治的土地，即领土、领地:
2 [C]（也可用Territory）作为美国、澳大利亚或加拿大的一部分的一个国家或地区，但不是州或省，在美国可称为准州:
n. [C, U]（群体、动物等所占据的）管区、地盘:
n. [sing.] come with the ~ 是难免的事、是必然的事:
territory |[ˈterətri;美-tɔ:ri]
Our representatives cover a very large territory. 我们的代理人负责的地区很广。
unexplored territory 未勘察地区 
mountainous territory 多山地带 
a vast and uninhabited territory 广阔的无人居住区
unknown territory 未知领域 
virgin territory 处女地 
unexplored territory 未开拓的领域 
This type of work is uncharted territory for us. 我们从未涉足过这类工作。
Legal problems are Andy's territory (= he deals with them). 法律问题由安迪负责处理。
Following the futuristic The Handmaid's Tale, Margaret Atwood's seventh novel, Cat's Eye, returns to more familiar territory. 写完了具有未来色彩的《女仆的故事》之后，玛格丽特·阿特伍德的第七部小说《猫眼》回归到了人们较熟悉的题材上。
The writer is back on home territory with his latest novel. 作者在他的最新小说里又回到了他所熟悉的领域 
Tired of writing detective novels, she began to explore new territory. 她厌烦了写侦探小说，开始探索新的创作领域。
Reading from a tedious technical brief for hours on end, he would stray into difficult territory. 连续看上几个小时枯燥的技术简报后，他会不自觉地钻起牛角尖来。
Many books have covered this territory before. 以前许多书籍涉及过这一领域。
The parties have been staking out their territory on education. 各方已经明确了各自在教育问题上的立场。
They have refused to allow UN troops to be stationed in their territory. 他们拒不允许联合国部队驻扎在他们的国土上。
The government denies that any of its territory is under rebel control. 政府否认有领土被反叛分子所控制。
Russian territory 俄罗斯领土 
former French territories 以前的法国领地 
neighbouring, surrounding territory 毗邻的领土；周围的领地 
home, national territory 国土；国家的领土 
alien, foreign, overseas territory 异国的领土；海外领地 
enemy, hostile territory 地方领土；敌方领地 
neutral territory 中立的领土 
colonial, dependent（尤英）, trust（尤英）territory 殖民的领地；附属的领地；托管的领地 
a UN trust territory administered by New Zealand 新西兰管理的联合国托管领土 
Troops were stationed on sovereign German territory. 军队驻扎在德国的主权领土上。
annexed, conquered, lost, occupied territory 被吞并的领土；被征服的领土；沦丧的领土；被占领的领土 
a town in British-occupied territory 英国占领地上的一个小镇 
contested, disputed territory 有争议的领土 
uncharted territory 地图上未标明的土地 
The territory had been controlled by Azerbaijan for many years. 那片土地已被阿塞拜疆控制多年。
The soldiers strayed into hostile territory. 士兵们误入敌方领地。
The territory was never densely settled. 那片土地上一直人烟稀少。
He toured some of the disputed territories now under UN control. 他去一些目前由联合国接管的争议地区巡视了一番。
The explorers set off to conquer new territories. 探险家们动身去征服新的领地了。
Guam and American Samoa are US territories. 关岛和美属萨摩亚是美国的准州。
breeding, nesting territory 繁殖地；巢址 
The male establishes a territory and attracts a female. 雄性建立领地吸引雌性。
Mating blackbirds will defend their territory against intruders. 乌鸫交配时会保护自己的地盘，不允许外来者侵入。
The territory of a cat only remains fixed for as long as the cat dominates the area. 猫的地盘只在它占据那个地方的时候是固定不变的。
Doing human rights work is risky business. That comes with the territory. 做人权工作是要冒风险的。这是难免的。
You can't expect not to have a debate; that's what comes with the territory in a democracy. 不要指望不会发生辩论，那在民主社会已成为必然。

the process of making an area more urban:使一个地区更加城市化的过程
urbanization |əːb(ə)nʌɪˈzeɪʃ(ə)n| Noun/:,城镇化
he saw nature being destroyed by urbanization:他看到自然被城市化破坏

vt. [正式] 给予…特权或优待，相当于favour:
n. 1 [C] 某个人或团体所拥有的一种特殊权利或待遇:
2 [U] [贬] 富人或权贵阶层所拥有的特权，特殊待遇:
3 [C, U] [术语] 做或说…而不受惩罚的一种特权，即免责特权:
n. [sing.] 荣幸。表达了对有机会做某事感到骄傲或幸运，或表达对某人、某事的感激，或表达自己对…的尊重或尊敬:
n. 1 [C] 某个人或团体所拥有的一种特殊权利:
2 [U] [贬] 富人或权贵阶层所拥有的特权:
3 [C, U] [术语] 做或说…而不受惩罚的一种特权，即免责特权:
privilege |['prɪvɪlɪdӡ]
This policy will privilege the poor. 这项政策将给予穷人优待。
to abolish special privileges for government officials 取消政府官员的特权 
Club members have special privileges, like free use of the pool. 俱乐部会员享有特殊待遇，如可免费使用泳池。
class, diplomatic privilege 阶级特权；外交特权 
a son of privilege and wealth 富贵人家的子弟 
It’s a great privilege to work with such a brilliant team. 与这样一群有才华的人共事，我感到三生有幸。
It is a great privilege to be attending this conference. 能参加本次会议是莫大的荣幸。
She had the rare privilege of a viewing of his private art collection. 她观赏了他个人收藏的艺术品，真是荣幸之至。
to abolish special privileges for government officials 取消政府官员的特权 
class, diplomatic privilege 阶级特权；外交特权 
a son of privilege and wealth 富贵人家的子弟 

adj. [名词前不可用] 乐于提供关于某事的信息的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 即将发生的、即将出版等的:
adj. [名词前不可用]（被需要的时候）随时可用的、随时准备好的，相当于available:
forthcoming |[ˌfɔ:θˈkʌmɪŋ;美ˌfɔ:rθ-]
She's never very forthcoming about her plans. 她一直不很愿意说出自己的计划。
She wasn't very forthcoming about where she'd been. 她不太愿意讲她去了哪里。
the forthcoming elections 即将举行的选举 
the band's forthcoming UK tour 乐队即将在英国的巡回演出 
a list of forthcoming books 近期将出版书籍的目录
Financial support was not forthcoming. 财政支援尚未到手。
Help was immediately forthcoming. 援助稍后即到。
They promised that the money would be forthcoming. 他们承诺钱会到位。
We must first see some real evidence. So far it has not been forthcoming. 我们必须先看到一些实证，而到目前为止并没有看到。

vt.&vi.（使）变宽:
vt.&vi.（使）程度加深；（使）差距拉大；（使）范围扩大:
vt.&vi.（使）眼睛睁大:
widen |[ˈwaɪdn]
Her eyes widened in surprise. 她惊讶地睁大了眼睛。
He had an operation last year to widen a heart artery. 去年他接受了一个扩张心脏动脉的手术。
The river widens considerably as it begins to turn east. 河流转向东流时河道大幅度变宽。
Here the stream widens into a river. 溪水在这里变宽，成了一条河。
They may have to widen the road to cope with the increase in traffic. 他们可能得拓宽这条道路以适应车辆的增多。
the widening gap between rich and poor 贫富之间日益扩大的差距 
Wage differences in the two areas are widening. 两个地区的工资差距正在拉大。
The US trade deficit widened to $7.59 billion in November. 11月美国的贸易赤字扩大到75.9亿美元。
We plan to widen the scope of our existing activities by offering more language courses. 我们计划通过开设更多的语言课程扩大我们现有的活动范围。
The legislation will be widened to include all firearms. 这项法规的范围将扩大到包括所有的枪支。
U.S. prosecutors have widened a securities-fraud investigation. 美国检察官扩大了对一起证券欺诈案的调查范围。
The search for my brother widened. 对我弟弟的搜索范围扩大了。
Her eyes widened in surprise. 她惊讶地睁大了眼睛。

n. 1 [U]（从总数中）减去或扣除某个数额，尤指扣除某个金钱的数额:
2 [C] 被扣除的数额:
n. [C] 推理所得出的结论:
n. [U]（从总数中）减去或扣除某个数额，尤指扣除某个金钱的数额:
n. [U]（运用已有的信息来进行的）推理:
deduction |[dɪˈdʌkʃn]
After the deduction of tax at 20 per cent, the interest rate will be 6.2 per cent. 扣除了 20% 的税后，利率将为 6.2%。
You should claim the deduction when you file your tax return. 你填写纳税申报单时应当要求扣除。
deductions from your pay for tax 从工资中扣除税金的数额 
monthly deductions for health insurance 每月扣除的医疗保险费 
The company automatically makes tax deductions from your salary. 公司会自动从你的工资中扣除税款。
get, take deduction（均美）得到抵扣 
A skilled accountant will make sure that you take the proper business deductions. 有经验的会计师会确保你得到正当的营业抵扣。
deductions for travel costs 差旅费用扣除款项 
your gross income (before tax and National Insurance deductions) (扣除税款和国民保险之前的)总收入 
After deductions for war reparations, the balance would be used to buy food and humanitarian supplies. 扣除战争赔款后，余下的钱将用于购买食品和人道主义物资。
It was a pretty astute deduction. 那是一个颇为敏锐的推论。
If my deductions are correct, I can tell you who the killer was. 如果我的推论正确的话，我可以告诉你谁是凶手。
My mother had consequently made her own shrewd deductions about what was going on in my marriage. 我母亲已据此对我的婚姻状况作出了她自己精明的推断。
We can make some deductions about the history of the ruins. 关于这一废墟的历史，我们可以得出一些推论。
After the deduction of tax at 20 per cent, the interest rate will be 6.2 per cent. 扣除了 20% 的税后，利率将为 6.2%。
You should claim the deduction when you file your tax return. 你填写纳税申报单时应当要求扣除。
a detective with excellent powers of deduction 推理能力很强的侦探 
She arrived at this conclusion by logical deduction. 她通过逻辑推理得出这个结论。
She arrived at the solution by a simple process of deduction. 她通过简单的推理找到了解决问题的方法。

almost or nearly as described, but not completely or according to strict definition:几乎或几乎如所描述的那样，但不完全或根据严格的定义
not physically existing as such but made by software to appear to do so:不是实际存在的，而是由软件制作的，看起来是这样的
carried out, accessed, or stored by means of a computer, especially over a network:通过计算机，尤其是通过网络进行、访问或存储
relating to the points at which rays would meet if produced backwards.:关于如果向后产生光线会相遇的点。
relating to or denoting infinitesimal displacements of a point in a system.:
denoting particles or interactions with extremely short lifetimes and (owing to the uncertainty principle) indefinitely great energies, postulated as intermediates in some processes.:表示具有极短寿命和（由于不确定性原理）无限大能量的粒子或相互作用，在某些过程中被假定为中间体。
virtual |ˈvəːtʃʊəl| Adjective/:虚拟的,虚拟
the virtual absence of border controls:边境管制的虚拟缺席
virtual images:虚拟图像
a virtual library:一个虚拟图书馆

vt.（不用于进行时）有（值得骄傲的东西，如成就、财产等）:
vt.&vi. ~ (about/of sth) 自夸；自吹自擂:
n. [C] [常贬] ~ (that…) 夸耀；夸口:
boast |[bəʊst;美boʊst]
The hotel also boasts two swimming pools and a golf course. 那家宾馆还拥有两个游泳池和一个高尔夫球场。
This is a region which proudly boasts its own distinct culture. 这是—个自豪地拥有自己的独特文化的地区。
The houses will boast the latest energy-saving technology. 这些房屋将应用最新的节能技术。
Frommen says his country boasts a healthy economy. 弗罗曼称他的国家经济运行良好。
I don't want to boast, but I can actually speak six languages. 不是我吹嘘，我确实能讲六种语言。
She is always boasting about how wonderful her children are. 她总是夸耀她的孩子们多么出色。
Carol boasted about her costume. 卡萝尔炫耀着自己的穿着打扮。
Sam boasted that she could beat anyone at poker. 萨姆吹嘘说打扑克牌谁都赢不了她。
He openly boasted of his skill as a burglar. 他公然炫耀他的盗窃手法。
He openly boasted of his talents. 他当众吹嘘自己的才干。
Witnesses said Furci boasted that he took part in killing them. 几位证人声称富尔奇曾吹嘘自己参与了对他们的屠杀。
Despite his boasts that his children were brilliant, neither of them went to college. 尽管他夸赞他的两个孩子聪明，他们却都没念上大学。
It was her proud boast that she had never missed a day's work because of illness. 她所引以自豪的是她从未因病而耽误过一天工作。
empty, idle boast 空洞的夸耀；无聊的夸耀 
a boast he made about his achievements 他对自己成就的吹嘘 
her boast of having seen all the countries of Africa 她吹嘘自己去过非洲所有国家

Monetary means relating to money, especially the total amount of money in a country. 货币的
monetary |英 ['mʌnɪt(ə)rɪ]  美 ['mʌnɪtɛri]| adj. 货币的；财政的/
Some countries tighten monetary policy to avoid inflation.一些国家紧缩货币政策以避免通货膨胀。


adj. 形势或前景让人看不到希望的、不明朗的、不乐观的:
vt.&vi.（使）前景、希望等变渺茫:
adj. 1 光线不明亮的，如昏暗的、暗淡的、微弱的:
2 地方不明亮的、昏暗的:
3（人或物体的）形状因光线不充足而看不清的，如朦胧的、模糊的:
4 眼睛看不清的、视力差的、视力模糊的:
vt.&vi.（使）光线变昏暗:
vt.&vi. 将汽车前灯调为近光；使减光:
vt.&vi.（使）视力变差、使视力变模糊:
vt.&vi.（使）感觉、感情或品质减弱:
adj. [非正式，尤英] 人不聪明的，如愚笨的、迟钝的:
adj. 记忆、理解或想象模糊的:
adj. 1（人或物体的）形状因光线不充足而看不清的，如朦胧的、模糊的:
2 眼睛看不清的、视力差的、视力模糊的:
vt.&vi.（使）视力变差、使视力变模糊:
vt.&vi.（使）记忆变模糊:
dim |[dɪm]
Her future career prospects look dim. 她的前程看来很暗淡。
The prospects for a peaceful solution are dim. 和平解决的希望非常渺茫。
Their economic prospects have dimmed. 他们的经济前景变得很暗淡。
the dim glow of the fire in the grate 壁炉里微弱的火光 
She stood waiting, in the dim light. 她站在昏暗的光线下等待。
Below decks, the lights were dim. 船舱里灯光昏暗。
This light is too dim to read by. 这光线太暗，看不了书。
dim room, dim street 昏暗的房间；昏暗的街道 
The room was dim and cool and quiet. 房间里阴暗、清冷，静悄悄的。
the dim outline of a house in the moonlight 月光下影影绰绰的房子的轮廓 
I could see a dim shape in the doorway. 我模模糊糊看见门口有个人影。
Pete's torch picked out the dim figures of Bob and Chang. 皮特的火把映出了鲍勃和张的模糊身影。
His eyesight is getting dim. 他的视力越来越差。
The lights in the theatre dimmed as the curtain rose. 幕布升起，剧场内的灯光暗了下来。
Dim the lighting – it is unpleasant to lie with a bright light shining in your eyes. 把灯光调暗一些——躺着时眼前灯光太强很不舒服。
The houselights dimmed. 观众席的灯暗了下来。
Dim your lights behind that car. 开到那辆车后面时将前灯调为近光。
Her eyes dimmed with sorrow. 悲痛之下，她泪眼蒙眬。
The twinkle in his eyes was dimmed by tears. 他眼中闪烁的光芒被泪水模糊了。
Her passion for dancing never dimmed over the years. 这些年来她对跳舞的热情一直不减。
Forty eight years of marriage have not dimmed the passion between Bill and Helen. 四十八年的婚姻生活并没消磨掉比尔和海伦之间的激情。
He's very dim. 他很迟钝。
dim memories 模糊的记忆 
She had a dim recollection of the visit. 她依稀记得那次访问。
in the dim and distant past（幽默用法）在遥远模糊的过去         
the dim outline of a house in the moonlight 月光下影影绰绰的房子的轮廓 
I could see a dim shape in the doorway. 我模模糊糊看见门口有个人影。
Pete's torch picked out the dim figures of Bob and Chang. 皮特的火把映出了鲍勃和张的模糊身影。
His eyesight is getting dim. 他的视力越来越差。
Her eyes dimmed with sorrow. 悲痛之下，她泪眼蒙眬。
The twinkle in his eyes was dimmed by tears. 他眼中闪烁的光芒被泪水模糊了。
Their memory of what happened has dimmed. 他们对所发生事情的记忆变得模糊了。
The intervening years had dimmed his memory. 经过了其间那么多年他的记忆已经不大清楚了。

adj.（衣服、鞋等）朴素而实用的:
adj.（行为或决定）基于理性和经验（而非感情）做出的，即明智的、合理的:
adj. 1（行为或决定）基于理性和经验（而非感情）做出的，即明智的:
2（人）能够基于理性和经验（而非感情）做出合理判断的，即理智的、明智的:
adj. [正式或文学] 意识到、认识到:
sensible |[ˈsensəbl]
sensible shoes 朴实而舒适的鞋 
Wear loose clothing and sensible footwear. 穿上宽松的衣服和舒服的鞋子。
It might be sensible to get a solicitor. 也许应该请一个诉状律师。
The sensible thing is to leave them alone. 别去管他们才是明智的。
I think the sensible thing would be to take a taxi home. 我想还是坐出租车回去的好。
In the state I was in, this seemed a perfectly sensible remark. 根据我当时的情况，这么说似乎完全合乎情理。
Are you going out to search for it at this time of night? It seems hardly sensible. 你打算夜里这个时候出去找吗？这好像不那么明智。
I think that's a very sensible idea. 我看这个主意很妥当。
This approach seems very sensible to me. 在我看来，这个方法似乎很明智。
That advice sounds sensible enough. 那个建议听起来相当合理。
Say something sensible. 说点正经的。
It might be sensible to get a solicitor. 也许应该请一个诉状律师。
The sensible thing is to leave them alone. 别去管他们才是明智的。
I think the sensible thing would be to take a taxi home. 我想还是坐出租车回去的好。
Are you going out to search for it at this time of night? It seems hardly sensible. 你打算夜里这个时候出去找吗？这好像不那么明智。
I think that's a very sensible idea. 我看这个主意很妥当。
This approach seems very sensible to me. 在我看来，这个方法似乎很明智。
Say something sensible. 说点正经的。
She was a sensible girl and did not panic. 她是一个理智的女孩，没有惊慌失措。
Oh come on, let's be sensible about this. 噢，得了吧，我们还是理智地对待此事吧。
She's a sensible sort of person. 她属于那种通情达理的人。
He's usually very sensible. 他做事通常很理智。
I am sensible of the fact that mathematics is not a popular subject. 我知道数学课不受欢迎。

adj. [只用于名词前]（组织、运动等）新出现且尚未充分发展的，如初创期的:
n. 1 [C] [正式或术语] 婴儿、幼儿:
2 [C]（英国和澳大利亚的教育）四岁到七岁之间的学童:
adj. [只用于名词前] 供婴儿用的:
infant |[ˈɪnfənt]
infant industries 新兴工业 
The infant company was based in Germany. 这家新公司总部在德国。
the infant health service 处于初期阶段的公共医疗卫生服务
a nursery for infants under two 两岁以下婴幼儿的托儿所 
She was seriously ill as an infant. 她年幼时曾患重病。
Mozart was an infant prodigy (= a child with unusual ability). 莫扎特是个神童。
young mums with infants in prams 用婴儿车推着宝宝的年轻妈妈 
He is studying hearing in very young infants. 他在研究新生婴儿的听力。
month-old, two-month-old infant 一个月大的婴儿；两个月大的婴儿 
newborn infant 新生儿 
premature, preterm infant 早产儿 
full-term infant 足月出生的婴儿 
low-birthweight infant 出生时体重过低的婴儿 
human infant 人类的婴儿 
female, male infant 女婴；男婴 
Marjorie looked down at the sleeping infant in her arms. 玛乔丽低头看了看怀里熟睡的婴儿。
infant death, infant mortality 婴儿夭折；婴儿死亡率 
infant child, infant daughter, infant son 婴孩;（某人的）女婴;（某人的）男婴 
The family were forced to flee with their infant son. 那家人被迫带着他们尚在襁褓中的儿子逃走了。
an infant school 幼儿学校 
infant teachers 幼儿教师 
I've known her since we were in the infants (= at infant school). 从幼儿学校时我就认识她了。
infant formula (= milk for babies) 婴儿配方奶粉 
an infant carrier in the back of a car 汽车后部的婴儿座椅

n. 1 [C, U] 可供后来者援用参考的具体例子:
2 [C, U] 先前发生过的事件:
n. [U] 做某事所遵循的传统、常规:
precedent |[ˈpresɪdənt]
court, judicial, legal precedent 法院的先例；判例；司法惯例 
The ruling set a precedent for future libel cases. 这项裁决为今后的诽谤案提供了判例。
The trial could set an important precedent for dealing with large numbers of similar cases. 这次审判能为处理大量类似案例开创重要的先例。
There is no obvious precedent for this law. 该法律没有明显的先例。
Many precedents can be found for this decision. 这一裁定可以找到许多判例。
The ruling does not set a binding precedent. 该判决不能成为具有约束力的先例。
This would have set a dangerous new precedent. 这将可能创下一项新的危险的先例。
This lowering of standards sets a dangerous precedent for future developments. 这次标准的降低为将来的发展开了危险的先例。
There is a strong precedent for such a strategy. 有先例有力地说明这一战略可行。
There is ample precedent for this tactic. 这种战术有过大量先例。
historical precedents 历史前例 
There is no precedent for a disaster of this scale. 这种规模的灾难是空前的。
Such protests are without precedent in recent history. 这类抗议事件在近代史上没有发生过。
There are plenty of precedents in Hollywood for letting people out of contracts. 在好莱坞，允许影视人员解除合同的先例有很多。
to break with precedent (= to do sth in a different way) 打破常规

vt. 激活一个装置或化学过程:
activate |[ˈæktɪveɪt]
The burglar alarm is activated by movement. 这防盗警报器一动就会响。
Video cameras with night vision can be activated by movement. 带夜视镜的摄像机一有动静就会启动。
a voice-activated computer 声控电脑 
The gene is activated by a specific protein. 这种基因由一种特异性蛋白激活。

vt. 成功做成（或完成）某事，相当于achieve:
accomplish |[ə'kɒmplɪʃ]
The first part of the plan has been safely accomplished. 计划的第一部分已顺利完成。
I don’t feel I’ve accomplished very much today. 我觉得我今天没干成多少事。
Mission accomplished. 大功告成。
A rather difficult task had been successfully accomplished. 一项相当艰巨的任务已成功完成了。

n. 1 [U]（从另一国）入境移居；还可指外来的移民人数:
2 [U] 港口、机场等的移民局检查站，也可用immigration control:
immigration |[͵ɪmɪ'ɡreɪʃn]
illegal immigration 非法移民 
Mexican immigration 墨西哥移民 
immigration bill 移民法案 
immigration authority 移民局 
to go through immigration 办理移民入境检查手续

vi. approve (of sb/sth) 认为某人或某事物是好的、可接受的或合适的，即赞成。积极态度较为明显:
vt. 1 正式批准或通过（一项计划、请求等）。是“批准”的常规用词:
2 常用被动式，表明某事物足够好，因而可以去使用，或表明某事物是正确的。即核准，认可:
approve |[ə'pru:v]
I told my mother I wanted to leave school but she didn’t approve. 我告诉母亲我不想继续上学，但是母亲不同意。
Do you approve of my idea? 你同意我的想法吗？
I wholeheartedly approve of his actions. 我由衷地赞成他的做法。
The committee unanimously approved the plan. 委员会一致通过了该计划。
His appointment has not been formally approved yet. 他的任命还未获正式批准。
The course is approved by the Department for Education. 课程已获教育部核准。

A pessimist is someone who thinks that bad things are going to happen. 悲观主义者
pessimist |英/美 ['pɛsɪmɪst]| n. 悲观主义者/
I'm a natural pessimist; I usually expect the worst.我是个天生的悲观主义者，我总是往最坏的方面想。


adj. 为了成功而用决心和力量去做事的，即（人）有进取心的，有闯劲的，好强的，志在必得的，或（活动）声势浩大的:
adj. 好斗的，挑衅的，富有攻击性的，侵略的:
aggressive |[ə'ɡresɪv]
an aggressive advertising campaign 一场声势浩大的广告宣传活动 
the company’s highly aggressive marketing techniques 该公司极富进取精神的营销技巧 
A good salesperson has to be aggressive in today’s competitive market. 在当今竞争激烈的市场上，一个好的销售员应该有进取精神。
Watching violence on TV makes some children more aggressive. 看暴力电视节目使一些孩子变得更具攻击性。
Her mood became openly aggressive. 她变得火药味十足。
He gets aggressive when he’s drunk. 他喝醉了就喜欢寻衅滋事。
verbally aggressive 用语言攻击的 
His dog was aggressive toward strangers. 他的狗对陌生人很凶。

adj. 有毒的；引起中毒的:
adj. 有毒的；引起中毒的:
toxic |[ˈtɒksɪk;美ˈtɑ:k-]
Black walnuts can prove toxic to other plants. 可以证明黑胡桃会毒害其他植物。
toxic chemicals, toxic fumes, toxic gases, toxic substances 有毒的化学品；有毒烟雾；有毒气体；有毒物质 
to dispose of toxic waste 处理有毒废料 
Many pesticides are highly toxic. 许多杀虫剂毒性很大。
These products are not toxic to humans. 这些产品对人类没有毒性。
Black walnuts can prove toxic to other plants. 可以证明黑胡桃会毒害其他植物。

adj. [只用于名词前]（热情或感情）占支配地位的:
adj. [只用于名词前]（对一个群体、国家等）拥有统治力的，即统治的、支配的、占统治地位的:
n. [C] ~ (on sth) 当权者（尤指法官、法院）作出的正式裁决、判决:
ruling |[ˈru:lɪŋ]
Their ruling passion is that of carnal love. 他们脑子里只有情欲。
the ruling party 执政党 
the domination of the ruling class 统治阶级的管制
The court will make its ruling on the case next week. 法庭下周将对本案件作出裁决。
Goodwin tried to have the court ruling overturned. 古德温想推翻法院作出的裁决。
She appealed against a High Court ruling that she should be forcibly fed to save her life. 高级法院裁决应强制她进食以挽救她的性命，她对此提起上诉。
court, judicial, legal ruling 法庭裁决；司法裁决；依法裁决 
The court overturned the original ruling. 法庭推翻了原来的判决。
The judge's ruling is based on legal precedent. 法官是基于法律判例作出的裁决。
the European Court's ruling against detention without trial 欧洲法庭未经审判不得拘留的裁决 
the ruling by the High Court 高等法院的裁决 
The newspaper said that this was a ruling in favour/favor of freedom of speech. 这份报纸认为这一裁决是对言论自由的支持。
The House will make a final ruling on the case next week. 上议院将在下周对这一案件作出最终裁决。

vt. 延长某事的时间:
prolong |[prəˈlɒŋ;美-ˈlɔ:ŋ;-ˈlɑ:ŋ]
Might it be possible to prolong life indefinitely? 有可能无限延长寿命吗? 
The operation could prolong his life by two or three years. 这次手术可使他多活两三年。
Doctors commented that some patients deliberately prolong their treatment. 医生说有些病人故意延长治疗时间。
The actual action of the drug can be prolonged significantly. 这种药物实际起作用的时间可以大大延长。
We do not want to prolong the meeting unnecessarily.我们不想不必要地延长开会时间。
Mr Chesler said foreign military aid was prolonging the war. 切斯勒先生说国外的军事援助拉长了战事。
Don't prolong the agony (= of not knowing sth) ─just tell us who won! 别卖关子了——快说谁赢了！

n. [U] 心理情绪上的紧张、担忧:
n. 1 [U, C] tension (between A and B) 人与人之间关系紧张的局势或状态，即互不信任，且存在突然爆发冲突的可能性:
2 [U] 作家或电影导演制造的紧张气氛，是一种恐惧且令人兴奋的气氛:
3 [U] 物理上的紧绷的状态或程度:
n. [C, U] tension (between A and B) 不同的利益、需求、力量、争论、影响力等因素之间的冲突或矛盾:
n. [U] 肌肉紧张:
tension |['tenʃn]
inner tension 内心的紧张 
emotional, nervous tension 情绪紧张；神经紧张 
tension headache 紧张性头痛 
Laughter can be a great release of tension. 大笑能有效地释放紧张情绪。
political, racial tension 政治关系紧张；种族关系紧张 
renewed tension with France 与法国再度紧张的关系 
family, internal, regional tension 家庭紧张；内部紧张；地区紧张 
There is mounting tension along the border. 边境局势日趋紧张。
tension in meetings 会议上的紧张气氛 
a tension in the air 气氛紧张 
tension between local youths and the police 当地青年和警察之间的紧张关系 
tension between her parents 她父母之间的紧张关系 
As the movie progresses the tension builds. 随着电影剧情的发展，气氛越来越紧张。
The movie lacks dramatic tension. 这部影片缺乏戏剧张力。
to adjust the string tension of a tennis racket 调节网球拍的网张力 
Stay clear of cables which are under tension. 远离紧绷的缆绳。
The metal is weak in tension. 这种金属张力很差。
There is often a tension between the aims of the company and the wishes of the employees. 公司的目标和雇员的愿望之间经常存在矛盾。
muscle tension 肌肉紧张 
to ease the tension in my body 缓解我身体的紧张 
I feel some tension in my shoulders. 我感觉双肩有些发紧。

adj. 只作前置定语，专业的:
n. [C] 某一医学分支领域的专科医生:
n. [C] 拥有某种技能或对某一学科所知甚多的一个人，即专家。此时相当于expert，二者未见明显分别，如果说有分别，也只能说expert使用范围最广，更常用一些:
specialist |['speʃəlɪst]
specialist advice, specialist magazines 专业人士的建议；专业杂志
clinical, hospital, medical, public-health specialist 临床专家；医院专科医生；医学专家；公共卫生专家 
cancer, eye specialist 癌症专科医生；眼科专科医生
finance, marketing, tax specialist 金融专业人员；营销专业人员；税务专业人员 
education, foreign-policy, technology specialist 教育专家；外交政策专家；技术专家 
software specialist 软件专业人员 
a computer security specialist 计算机安全专家 
intelligence, security specialist 情报专员；安全专员 
academic, industry, technical specialist 学术专家；行业专家；技术专家 
She is a specialist in children’s literature. 她是儿童文学领域的专家。
a specialist on the history of this city 这座城市历史方面的专家

n. [C] 特殊的经历或体验:
vt.（在做某事的时候）遭遇、遇到某事，尤指早遇到令人不快或困难的事:
vt. [正式] 想到某个主意，尤指偶然或意外地想到一个新主意:
n. [C] 暴力冲突:
vt. [正式] 遇到某人或某事物，尤指偶然或意外地碰到新人或新事物:
~ (between A and B)（意外、突然或暴力的）相遇、邂逅、遭遇:
n. [C] 与某个特定的运动员或队伍进行的体育比赛、交锋:
encounter |[ɪnˈkaʊntə(r)]
It was his first sexual encounter (= first experience of sex). 那是他的第一次性经历。
his first serious encounter with alcohol 他第一次正儿八经喝酒的经历
We encountered a number of difficulties in the first week. 我们在第一周遇到了一些困难。
I had never encountered such resistance before. 我以前从未遇到过这么大的阻力。
Every day of our lives we encounter stresses of one kind or another. 我们在每天的生活中会面临这样或那样的压力。
Environmental problems they found in Poland were among the worst they encountered. 他们在波兰发现的环境问题是他们遇到过的最严重的。
an idea I first encountered when I was in the army 我在军队时第一次想到的主意
armed, violent encounter 武装冲突；暴力冲突 
colonial encounter 殖民冲突 
violent encounters between police and protesters 警察和抗议者之间的激烈冲突 
Three of them were killed in the subsequent encounter with the police. 他们中有三个人在后来与警察的冲突中被杀死。
She was the most remarkable woman he had ever encountered. 她是他所见到过的最出色的女性。
Did you encounter anyone in the building? 你在大楼里遇到谁了么？
Renata wrote him that she had encountered her long-estranged father. 雷娜塔写信告诉他说她碰到了分离多年的父亲。
Walruses were commonly encountered in the Shetland Islands until quite recently. 以往在设得兰群岛遇到海象是很平常的事，最近情况有所不同了。
The story describes the extraordinary encounter between a man and a dolphin. 这个故事描述了一个男人与一只海豚之间的奇遇。
I decided not to risk a second close encounter with the snakes. 我决定不再冒第二次遇到蛇的风险了。
The author tells of a remarkable encounter with a group of South Vietnamese soldiers. 作者讲述了和一群南越士兵的奇遇。
examination of UFO sightings and alien encounters 对目睹不明飞行物和遭遇外星人事件的调查 
I've had a number of close encounters (= situations that could have been dangerous) with bad drivers. 我好几次都险些与技术不佳的司机相撞。
her early encounters with contemporary art 她早年和当代艺术的接触 
I did not see him again, except for a brief encounter on a train. 除了有一次在火车上短暂相遇，我再也没看见过他。
It was a chance encounter that led to the setting up of the new political party. 是一次偶然的碰面导致了这个新政党的建立。
The press conference was her first direct encounter with the media. 这次新闻发布会是她第一次直接面对媒体。
the language we use in everyday social encounters 我们在日常社交中使用的语言。
romantic encounter 浪漫的邂逅 
Few men survive an encounter with her! 很少有男人遇到她而不被迷倒！
my first encounter with my new boss 我和新老板的第一次见面         
She has beaten her opponent in all of their previous encounters. 她在以前的所有交锋中都击败了这个对手。
to win the encounter 在对决中获胜

vt. 取得（自己先前所做之事的）成果、得到回报:
vt.&vi. 收割、收货庄稼（尤指小麦）:
reap |[ri:p]
They are now reaping the rewards of all their hard work. 现在，他们的全部辛劳都得到了回报。
to reap the fruits of his work 取得工作成果 
to reap benefit, to reap dividend 获得好处 
You'll soon begin to reap the benefits of being fitter. 你很快就会体会到身体更健康带来的好处。
We are not in this to reap immense financial rewards. 我们从事这一行不是为了获得巨大的经济回报。
to reap profit 取得利润
to reap crop 收货庄稼 
The painting depicted a group of peasants reaping a harvest of fruits and vegetables. 这幅画描绘了一群农民收获水果和蔬菜的情景。

vt. [正式] 建立或制定一个制度、体系、规章、政策等；开始一个过程，即实行:
n. [C] 拥有某一宗旨（或为执行某一任务或从事某项工作）的一个机构，尤与研究或教学相关，即研究所，协会；也可指这种机构的建筑:
institute |['ɪnstɪtju:t]
to institute some effective measures 制定一些有效措施 
to institute a number of changes 实行一些改革 
to institute criminal proceedings against sb 对某人提起刑事诉讼
institutes of higher education 高等学府 
professional institute 专业协会 
research, scientific, technical institute 研究所；科研机构；技术研究所 
the National Cancer Institute 国家癌症研究所 
the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 麻省理工学院 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants（英国皇家）特许会计师协会 

n. [U] ~ (of sth) 对机器、车辆、建筑物、道路等的维护或保养:
n. [U] ~ (of sth) 维持、保持（某种状态）:
n. [U] [英，法律]（对离了婚的配偶，尤指带着孩子的配偶）依法应负担的生活费、抚养费:
n. [U] ~ (of sth) 对车辆、道路等的维护或保养:
maintenance |[ˈmeɪntənəns]
The school pays for heating and the maintenance of the buildings. 学校负担这些大楼的供热和维修费用。
maintenance work on government buildings 政府大楼的修缮工作 
The window had been replaced last week during routine maintenance. 上周例行维修的时候换了窗户。
These fences are fairly rugged but they require periodic maintenance. 这些篱笆比较粗糙，不过也需要定期养护。
scheduled maintenance 按期检修 
proper maintenance 适当的保养 
The power station has been shut down for essential maintenance.（essential尤为英式用法）发电站已经关闭以进行必要的检修。
preventative, preventive（尤美）maintenance 预防性检修 
The engine is designed for easy maintenance. 这种发动机的设计很便于维修。
The house requires minimal maintenance. 这房子只需要最基本的养护。
The system is expensive and requires high maintenance. 这个系统价格昂贵，需要很高的保养费。
She was working in the garden, doing weeding and general maintenance. 她在花园除草及进行日常维护。
aircraft, car, equipment, machine maintenance 飞机检修；汽车保养；设备保养；机器保养 
road maintenance 道路养护 
building, home maintenance建筑物保养；住宅保养 
software maintenance 软件维护 
lawn maintenance 草坪的养护 
We carry out routine maintenance of the equipment. 我们定期维修设备。
a company that provides mechanical maintenance 提供机械保养服务的公司 
The building has received no regular maintenance since it was vacated in 1998. 这栋建筑1998年腾空以后一直没得到定期维修。
The use of hard surfaces in the garden is intended to reduce maintenance. 花园采用硬质地面意在减少养护费用。
maintenance engineer, maintenance man, maintenance technician, maintenance worker 维修工程师；维修工；维修技师 
maintenance crew, maintenance personnel, maintenance staff, maintenance team 维修组；维修人员；维修团队 
maintenance manager, maintenance officer（美）, maintenance supervisor 维修经理；维修负责人；维修监理人员 
maintenance department, maintenance unit（军事）维修部；保养队 
maintenance management（美）维修管理 
maintenance bill, maintenance costs, maintenance expenses, maintenance fee 维修账单；维修费用；养护费 
maintenance budget 维修预算 
maintenance contract 维修合同 
maintenance plan, maintenance programme/program, maintenance schedule 保养计划 
maintenance facility（尤美）, maintenance service, maintenance support 维修设备；维修服务；维修保障 
We provide a maintenance service on all our products. 我们对所有产品都提供维护服务。
maintenance depot, maintenance shop（美）维修站；维修车间 
maintenance check 维修检查 
maintenance procedure 维修程序 
maintenance activities, maintenance operation, maintenance task, maintenance work 维修活动；维修作业；维修任务；维修工作 
Keep warranty papers and maintenance records for any vehicle you own. 自己名下的机动车辆的保修文件及维修记录都要保存好。
maintenance guide, maintenance manual 保养指南；保养手册
the maintenance of international peace 维护世界和平 
the importance of natural food to the maintenance of health 天然食品对保持健康的重要性 
health maintenance 保健 
his high-maintenance girlfriend 他难伺候的女朋友
He has to pay maintenance to his ex-wife. 他必须付给前妻生活费。
child maintenance 儿童抚养费 
a maintenance order (= given by a court of law)（法院下达的）生活费支付令 
the government's plan to make absent fathers pay maintenance for their children 使弃家的父亲支付孩子抚养费的政府计划 
maintenance payments 支付的抚养费 
maintenance arrears 抚养费欠款 
He was jailed for failing to pay maintenance arrears. 他因为欠付抚养费而被判监禁。
He pays £1 000 a month in child maintenance. 他每月付1，000 英镑作为孩子的抚养费。
aircraft, car maintenance 飞机检修；汽车保养 
road maintenance 道路养护 

n. [C]（尤指某领域中的）传奇性的人物:
n. [C] [术语] 地图（或书中图表）的解释:
n. [C, U]（可真可假的）传奇故事、传说（可以发生在过去，也可以发生在现在）:
n. [C] [正式]（标志、徽记、硬币等物品上的）铭文:
legend |[ˈledʒənd]
She was a legend in her own lifetime. 她在世的时候就是一个传奇人物。
living legend 活生生的传奇人物 o movie stars who become living legends 成为活传奇的影星 
basketball, music, rock, screen legend 篮球界的传奇；音乐传奇；摇滚乐的传奇人物；银幕传奇 
Hollywood legend 好莱坞的传奇
old legend 古老的传说 
Greek legend 希腊传说 
the legend of Robin Hood 罗宾汉的传奇故事 
the heroes of Greek legend 希腊传说中的英雄 
the legends of ancient Greece 古希腊传说 
Legend has it that the lake was formed by the tears of a god. 据传说这个湖是一位神仙的眼泪积聚而成的。
The incident has since become a family legend. 此事自此成为了家族传奇。
His frequent brushes with death are the stuff of legend among the press. 他频繁地与死神擦肩而过，成了报章杂志的热门猛料。
The story of how she was rescued has already passed into legend. 她被救的经历已经成了传奇故事。
He told us the legend of the ghostly horseman. 他给我们讲幽灵骑士的传说。
The legend of his supernatural origins lives on. 他不是肉体凡胎的传说仍在流传。
Legend says that the forest is cursed. 传说那是一片受了诅咒的森林。
According to ancient legend, the river is a goddess. 据古代传说，这条河是位女神。
There have always been stories of human giants in Celtic legend and mythology. 凯尔特神话传说中一直都有巨人的故事。
legends about the Vikings关于维京人的传说 
The story is part of the ancient legend of King Arthur.这个故事是亚瑟王的古老传说的一部分。
Legend has it that the Bridge of Sighs got its name from the cries of prisoners being led across it.传说叹息桥的名字源于囚犯过桥时发出的叹息声。
the myths and legends of Mexico 墨西哥神话传说 
The island has long been the subject of legend. 这座岛屿长期以来一直是传说的主题。

adj.（恐惧、指控、报道等）无理由的、无根据的:
groundless |[ˈgraʊndləs]
groundless allegations 毫无根据的指控 
Our fears proved groundless. 我们的担心证明是毫无道理的。
Fears that the world was about to run out of fuel proved groundless. 事实证明对于世界燃料即将耗尽的担忧毫无根据。
A ministry official described the report as groundless. 一位部级官员称这篇报道纯属子虚乌有。
Our fears proved totally groundless. 事实证明，我们的担心是完全没有根据的。
