relieve						减轻，卸除，调计，方便
regardless						不理会的，不顾一切的
pause							暂停，犹豫
launch						大型汽艇，下水，发射，实施
apartment						公寓套间
spark							火花，闪现，引发
a spark of						一点
eliminate						排除，消除，淘汰
unintentionally					非故意的
opposition						抵制，反对，对手，对立面
polar							极地的，截然对立的
integral						必需的，完整的，内置的，整数的
guard							警卫，警戒，警惕，保卫
branch						树枝，分支
affiliate						使隶属，并入，附属机构
irrigation						灌溉
stove							木柱，棍，五线谱
memorable						难忘的
elimination					排除，消除，淘汰
revenue						收入
revenues						总收入
decisive						果断的，决定性的
displace						使背井离乡，取代
violation						违反，侵犯
ideological					意识形态的
neighborhood					社区，邻近地区
calorie						大卡
fierce						凶猛的，强烈的，狂暴的
mention						提到，提名表扬
extend						扩建，延长
extend oneself					竭尽全力
column						柱子，纵队，列
analytical						分析的
\\\\\\\\

vt. 解除（或免除）…的职务:
vt.（尤指通过引入不同的事情）减轻无聊，如调剂:
vt. 解除或减轻（不悦）:
vt. 减轻问题的严重性:
vt. ~ yourself（去厕所的一种委婉说法）方便，解手:
vt. 解除或减轻（病痛）:
vt. 接替某人的班，给某人换班:
vt. 将（城镇等从敌军的围困中）解围:
relieve |[rɪˈli:v]
The officer involved was relieved of his duties because he had violated strict guidelines. 那名相关的官员被免除了职务，因为他违反了要求严格的规章制度。
The party leader has been relieved of his post. 这个党的领导人被免除了职务。
We played cards to relieve the boredom of the long wait. 长时间等待实在无聊，我们就打扑克来解闷儿。
Her jokes helped to relieve the tension. 她的笑话缓解了紧张气氛。
The black and white pattern is relieved by tiny coloured flowers. 五彩缤纷的小花使得黑白图案不那么单调。
to relieve anxiety, to relieve guilt, to relieve stress 消除焦虑；消除内疚；缓解压力 
Being able to tell the truth at last seemed to relieve her. 能够最后讲出真话似乎使她感到轻松。
This should save her from boredom and will also relieve the pressure on you to keep her entertained. 这能使她不会感到厌倦，而且也会减轻你的压力，不必总想着逗她开心。
Respite care is intended to relieve parents of the burden of caring for disabled children. 暂托服务旨在减轻父母照顾残疾儿童的负担。
A part-time bookkeeper will relieve you of the burden of chasing unpaid invoices and paying bills. 雇一个兼职会计将使你摆脱追讨未付单据和支付账单的负担。
A porter relieved her of the three large cases. 一个行李搬运工替她扛了三个大包。
efforts to relieve poverty 缓解贫困的努力 
to relieve traffic congestion 缓解交通拥堵
I had to relieve myself behind a bush. 我只好在树丛后面方便了一下。
It is not difficult to train your dog to relieve itself on command. 训练你的狗按指令大小便并非难事。
to relieve the symptoms of a cold 减轻感冒的症状 
Drugs can relieve much of the pain. 药物能够大大地缓解病痛。
to relieve a sentry 换岗 
You'll be relieved at six o'clock. 六点钟有人来换你的班。
At seven o'clock the night nurse came in to relieve her. 七点钟的时候夜班护士来接她的班。
The offensive began several days ago as an attempt to relieve the town. 进攻于几天前开始，试图解放这个城镇。

adv. 无论（即使情况糟糕或有一些困难）:
prep. regardless of 无论:
regardless |[rɪ'ɡɑːdlɪs]
The weather was terrible but we carried on regardless. 天气非常恶劣，但我们并不理会，照常进行。
It takes in anybody regardless of religion, colour, or creed. 任何人，不论宗教、肤色或信仰，都可以加入。
Regardless of whether he is right or wrong, we have to abide by his decisions. 不管他正确与否，我们都得服从他的决定。 

vi. 说话或做事的过程中短暂停止（然后再继续），即暂停。是“暂停”的常规用词:
She paused for a moment, then said: ‘All right.’ 她停顿了一会儿，然后说:
n. [C] pause (in sth) 某人说话或做事过程中的一段暂停的时间:
n. [U] 也可用pause button，（磁带录音机、唱片播放器等的）暂停键:
vt.（按暂停键）暂停播放一个磁带、唱片等:
n. [C] [尤英]（美尤用fermata）音符（或休止符）上方的延长符号:
pause |[pɔ:z]
He spoke for two hours and barely paused for breath. 他讲了两个小时，几乎都没停下来喘口气。
Just pause to think before giving me your answer. 先想一想再回答我。
There was a long pause before she answered. 她停了好一会儿才回答。
After a brief pause, they continued climbing. 他们略停了一会儿就继续爬山。
The rain fell without pause. 雨不停地下着。
Press pause. 按暂停键。 
to pause the video 暂停播放视频

~ yourself forwards, etc. 猛扑向前:
vt. 开始从事一项活动，尤指发起有组织的活动:
vt. 产品首次上市或发行:
vt. 使船（尤指新船）下水:
vt. 发射航天器、武器等:
n. [usually sing.] 航天器或武器的发射；船的下水；产品的上市；事件的发起:
n. [C]（在江河、湖泊和港口载人的）带发动机的大型船只，即大型汽艇:
launch |[lɔ:ntʃ][lɔ:ntʃ]
vt. ~ yourself at, from, etc. sth 
Without warning he launched himself at me. 他突然向我猛扑过来。
to launch an appeal, to launch an inquiry, to launch a campaign 发起上诉；发起质询；发起一场运动 
to launch an attack, to launch invasion 发起攻击；发动侵略 
Heavy fighting has been going on after the guerrillas had launched their offensive. 游击队发起攻击后，激烈的战斗一直持续不断。
The police have launched an investigation into the incident. 警方已对该事件展开调查。
The new model will be launched in July. 新型号产品将在七月推出。
to launch a new jam 推出一款新果酱 
to launch a new range 推出新系列产品 
a party to launch his latest novel 他最新小说的首发式 
The Navy is to launch a new warship today. 海军今天有一艘新军舰要下水。
The lifeboat was launched immediately. 那艘救生艇被立刻放下了水。
There was no time to launch the lifeboats because the ferry capsized with such alarming speed. 渡轮瞬间倾覆，根本没时间放救生艇下水。
to launch a communications satellite 发射通信卫星 
to launch a rocket 发射火箭 
to launch a missile, to launch a torpedo 发射导弹；发射鱼雷
balloon, rocket, satellite, shuttle launch 气球的放飞；火箭的发射；卫星的发射；航天飞机的发射 
missile launch 导弹的发射 
the successful launch of the Ariane rocket 阿里亚娜火箭的成功发射 
launch pad, launch platform, launch site 发射台；发射平台；发射场 
commercial launch 商业发布 
book, campaign（尤英）, product launch 图书发布；运动的发起；产品的投放市场 
launch date 发布日 
launch party (= for a product or book) 发布仪式 
In the six months since its launch the car has sold extremely well. 这款汽车投放市场后的六个月中销售情况非常好。
a spring launch for the new TV system 新电视系统的春季发布 
She is signing copies of her book at the official launch. 她正在新书发布会上给自己的书签名。
a big Hollywood event to mark the launch of the movie 标志着这部电影发行的好莱坞盛会 
The show is timed to coincide with the launch of a new book on the subject. 这次演出特意安排与一本同主题新书的发布同步进行。
A couple of days ago we opened up the website for a soft launch. 几天前，我们对网站开始进行软启动运行。
The captain was on the deck of the launch, steadying the boat for the pilot. 船长站在汽艇甲板上为领航员保向。
We'll make a trip by launch to White Island. 我们将乘汽艇到怀特岛。          

n. 1 [C] [尤美]（通常指在同一楼层的）公寓套房:
2 [C] 度假用的公寓套房:
3 [usually pl.] [英] 住宅的一个房间，尤指一个大型名宅的一间屋子:
apartment |[ə'pɑːtmənt]
comfortable, luxury apartment 舒适的公寓；豪华的公寓 
studio apartment 单间公寓 
basement apartment 地下室公寓 
I share an apartment with two friends. 我和两个朋友合住一套公寓。
apartment complex 公寓大楼 
holiday apartment（英）
You can visit the whole palace except for the private apartments. 整座宫殿除内殿外均可参观。
royal apartments 王室套房

n. [C, usually pl.] 人们之间的愤怒的情感:
n. 1 [U, sing.]（使某人非常聪明、幽默的）激情:
2 [C, usually pl.] 人们之间的激动的情感:
n. [C, usually sing.] ~ of sth 一丁点儿品质或感情:
vt. ~ sth (off) 引起或触发某事（使其发生或发展），尤指突然引起:
n. [C] 引起重要事情（尤指麻烦或暴力）的一个行动或事件，即诱因、导火线:
n. [C] 电流引起的电火花:
vi. 产生电火花:
n. [U, sing.]（使某人非常聪明、幽默的）生气；活力；才智:
vi. 产生火花或电火花:
n. 1 [C] 燃烧或撞击出的金属火花、火星子:
2 [C] 电流引起的电火花:
spark |[spɑ:k;美spɑ:rk]
His remarks drew sparks from her. 他的话勾起了她的怒火。
As a writer he seemed to lack creative spark. 作为作家，他似乎缺少创作激情。
Sparks flew at the meeting (= there was a lot of argument). 会上争论激烈，火星四溅。
Her eyes shot sparks of contempt. 她的眼里满是蔑视。
a spark of hope 一线希望 
a spark of life 一线生机 
He felt a tiny spark of excitement. 他感到一丝兴奋。
He had kindled a spark of interest within her. 他使她产生了一点儿兴趣。
She felt a little spark of anger. 她感到有点儿愤怒。
A tiny spark of rebellion flared within her. 一星反叛的小火花在她心中闪了一下。
The proposals are expected to spark heated debate. 这些提议估计会引起激烈的争论。
The proposal would spark a storm of protest around the country. 这一提案将引发全国性的抗议浪潮。
The riots were sparked off by the arrest of a local leader. 骚乱是因逮捕一名当地领导人而触发的。
What was it that sparked your interest in motoring? 是什么让你对开车产生了兴趣？
A dropped cigarette may have sparked the fire. 可能是丢弃的烟头导致了这场大火。
the sparks of revolution 革命的导火线
sparks from a faulty light switch 漏电的电灯开关发出的火花 
A spark ignites the fuel in a car engine. 汽车发动机中的燃料由火花点燃。
He passed an electric spark through a mixture of gases. 他让一束电火花穿过了一团混合气体。
The wires were sparking. 电线冒着火花。
As a writer he seemed to lack creative spark. 作为作家，他似乎缺少创作激情。
a spark of originality 一点儿原创性 
divine spark 神力的火花 
Her performance added a little spark to the movie. 她的表演令影片增色。
His music lacked that vital spark of imagination. 他的音乐缺少非常关键的那一点想象力。
a sparking, crackling fire 噼啪直响、火星飞迸的火 
The wires were sparking. 电线冒着火花。
I stared into the flames of the fire as it sparked to life. 火光在闪烁，我注视着熊熊燃烧的烈焰。
The game suddenly sparked to life.（比喻用法）比赛突然变得激烈起来。
The grinding wheel sent a shower of sparks across the workbench. 砂轮迸出的火花直落到工作台的另一端。
The fire gradually got bigger and bigger. Sparks flew off in all directions. 火越燃越烈，火星四溅。
A shower of sparks flew up the chimney. 烟囱里飞出无数火星。
Flying sparks set fire to the dry grass. 飞舞的火花把干草点燃了。
The firework showered sparks all over the lawn. 草坪上到处是烟花撒落的火星。
We were all showered with sparks. 我们身上落满了火星。
a spark of light 一星闪光 
sparks from a faulty light switch 漏电的电灯开关发出的火花 
A spark ignites the fuel in a car engine. 汽车发动机中的燃料由火花点燃。
He passed an electric spark through a mixture of gases. 他让一束电火花穿过了一团混合气体。

vt. [正式] 杀死某人，尤指杀死一个敌人或对手:
vt. ~ sth/sb (from sth) 移除、清除、排除某人或某事物（尤指不需要之物）:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (from sth)（在比赛中）淘汰一个人或团队:
eliminate |[ɪˈlɪmɪneɪt]
Most of the regime's left-wing opponents were eliminated. 这个政权的左翼反对派多数已被除掉。
He declared war on the government and urged right-wingers to eliminate their opponents. 他向政府宣战，并煽动右翼分子干掉他们的对手。
The radio station claimed that 87,000 'reactionaries' had been eliminated. 广播电台声称已经消灭了87,000名“反动分子”。           
Credit cards eliminate the need to carry a lot of cash. 有了信用卡就用不着携带很多现金。
The police have eliminated two suspects from their investigation. 警方通过调查已经排除了两名嫌疑犯。
This diet claims to eliminate toxins from the body. 这种饮食据称具有排除体内毒素的作用。
The Sex Discrimination Act has not eliminated discrimination in employment.《反性别歧视法》并未根除工作中的歧视。
Academic departments are being eliminated. 纯理论研究院系即将被裁撤。
The risk cannot be eliminated altogether. 这个危险还不能完全排除。
This procedure does not completely eliminate the possibility of an accident. 这一程序不能彻底排除事故出现的可能。
Getting this job has effectively eliminated his financial worries. 找到这份工作有效地消除了他的经济担忧。
a policy that they claim will eventually eliminate corruption in the industry 他们声称最终会清除业界腐败的一项政策 
The single market is designed to eliminate barriers to the free movement of goods, services and people. 建立单一市场是为了消除阻碍货物、服务和人员自由流通的壁垒。
Try to eliminate fatty foods from your diet. 尽量不吃含脂肪多的食物。
All the English teams were eliminated in the early stages of the competition. 所有英格兰队伍在比赛初期就被淘汰了。
I was eliminated from the 400 metres in the semi-finals. 我在400米半决赛中被淘汰。
If you are eliminated in the show-jumping then you are out of the complete competition. 如果在马术障碍赛中被淘汰，就意味着完全出局。          

not on purpose:不是故意的
unintentionally |ˌʌnɪnˈtɛnʃənəli| Adverb/:,不经意地
I may have unintentionally misled some of you:我可能无意中误导了你们中的一些人

n. [U] ~ (to sb/sth)（尤指为防止某事发生而对某人或某事的）强烈反对、反抗:
n. [U, C] [正式] 对立；相互对立的事物:
n. [sing.] the opposition可指（事业、竞赛、游戏等活动中的）对手，敌手，竞争者:
n. [sing.] the Opposition可指反对党、在野党、反对派:
opposition |[ˌɒpəˈzɪʃn;美ˌɑ:pə-]
The government is facing a new wave of opposition in the form of a student strike. 政府面临着学生通过罢课掀起的新一轮反对浪潮。
The authorities succeeded despite bitter opposition from teachers. 尽管教师们强烈反对，当局还是成功了。
Opposition came primarily from students. 反对主要来自学生。
Much of the opposition to this plan has come from the media. 该计划的主要反对声音来自媒体。
The proposals met with violent opposition from the environmental lobby. 这些提案遭到了环保游说组织的强烈反对。
There was fierce public opposition to the plan. 该计划遭到了公众的强烈抵制。
Delegates expressed strong opposition to the plans. 代表强烈反对这些计划。
The warring factions had united in opposition to the common enemy. 交战各方联合起来反抗共同的敌人。
The army met with fierce opposition in every town. 军队在每一座城镇都遭遇到了顽强的抵抗。
She won against determined opposition from last year's champion. 尽管上届冠军顽强抵抗，她还是赢了。
He spent five years in prison for his opposition to the regime. 他因为反对那个政权而过了五年的铁窗生活。
opposition forces (= people who are arguing, fighting, etc. with another group) 反对势力 
opposition group 反对团体 
opposition movement 反对运动 
vocal opposition 口头反对 
a statement in direct opposition to party policy 与政党政策截然相悖的声明 
organized opposition 有组织的抵抗 
political opposition 政治对抗 
Many people have voiced their opposition to these proposals. 许多人表示反对这些提议。
They mounted an effective opposition to the bill. 他们发起了对此议案的有力抵抗。
He is up against stiff opposition from his colleagues. 他遭到同事们的坚决反对。
We will brook no opposition to the strategy. 我们决不允许对此战略有任何异议。
The Democrats are unlikely to drop their opposition to his nomination. 民主党不可能放弃抵制他的提名。
the opposition between good and evil 善与恶的对立 
His poetry is full of oppositions and contrasts. 他的诗歌充满了对立与对比。
He's gone to work for the opposition. 他去为竞争对手工作了。
The opposition is/are mounting a strong challenge to our business. 对方正对我方企业逐渐形成强大的挑战。
Liverpool couldn't match the opposition in the final and lost 2–0. 利物浦队在决赛中不敌对手，以0:2输掉比赛。
Poland provide the opposition for the Scots' last warm-up match at home. 苏格兰队在国内最后一场热身赛的对手是波兰队。
the leader of the Opposition 反对党领袖 
Opposition MPs 反对党议员 
the Opposition spokesman on education 反对党教育事务发言人 
The main opposition parties boycotted the election, saying it would not be conducted fairly. 主要反对党联合抵制这次选举，认为该选举将缺乏公正性。

relating to the North or South Pole:关于北极或南极
(of an animal or plant) living in the north or south polar region:（指动物或植物）生活在北极或南极地区
relating to the poles of a celestial body:关于天体的两极
relating to a celestial pole.:
relating to the poles of a sphere.:关于球体的两极。
relating to the poles of a cell, organ, or part.:与细胞、器官或部分的两极有关。
having electrical or magnetic polarity.:具有电或磁极性。
(of a liquid, especially a solvent) consisting of molecules with a dipole moment.:（液体，尤其是溶剂）由具有偶极矩的分子组成。
(of a solid) ionic.:（固体）离子。
directly opposite in character or tendency:在性格或倾向上完全相反
the straight line joining the two points at which tangents from a fixed point touch a conic section.:连接两点的直线，固定点的切线与圆锥曲线相交。
a variable binary star which emits strongly polarized light, one component being a strongly magnetic white dwarf.:一颗发射强偏振光的变双星，其中一个成分是强磁性白矮星。
polar |ˈpəʊlə| Adjective/Noun/:极性,极地的
the polar regions:极地
most polar birds breed seasonally:大多数极地鸟类季节性繁殖
the polar radius of Jupiter is 66,550 km:木星的极半径为66550公里
depression and its polar opposite, mania:抑郁症及其对立面，躁狂症

adj. [常用于名词前] 完整的，某事物拥有其全部部分的:
adj. [常用于名词前] 作为某事物的一部分而被包含的（而非分别供应的）:
adj. ~ (to sth) 是某事物的不可或缺的一部分的:
integral |[ˈɪntɪgrəl;ɪnˈteg-]
an integral system 完整的系统
All models have an integral CD player. 所有型号都有内置的激光唱片机。
Music is an integral part of the school's curriculum. 音乐是这所学校的课程中基本的一环。
Rituals and festivals form an integral part of every human society. 仪式与节日构成了任何人类社会不可缺少的一部分。
Anxiety is integral to the human condition. 焦虑是人类的基本生存状况之一。
Practical experience is integral to the course. 这门课程也包括实践经验。

vt. 保护信息或自己拥有的优势:
vt. 1 站在某地、某人或某物附近以看护并保护之，即守卫，护卫:
2 看守某人以防止其逃跑，如看守囚犯:
3 保护自己拥有的优势:
n. [U] 警戒、保卫、看守，是一种行为或职责:
n. 1 [C] 看守某地或某人的人，即卫兵、警卫员或狱警等:
2 [C] 一队卫兵或一群安保人员:
n. [C] 常构成复合词，指罩在人的身体部位上，对人起防护作用的装置:
n. [C] 常构成复合词，指罩在机器部件上，对机器起防护作用的装置:
n. 1 [C] 篮球中的一名后卫运动员:
2 [C] 美式足球中指中锋两侧的哨锋:
n. [U] 防御姿势，尤指在拳击或击剑等运动中摆出的防御姿势:
n. [C] the Guards 为复数名词，在英国和其他一些国家可指守卫国王或王后等的禁军、御林军、禁卫军:
n. [C] 在英国英语中可指火车的列车员，不过此义正变得过时:
guard |[ɡɑːd]
You must guard your identity. 你必须保守自己的身份。
closely guarded secret, tightly guarded privacy 严守的秘密；受到严密保护的隐私
The dog was guarding its owner’s luggage. 狗守护着主人的行李。
He was under instructions to guard the key with his life. 他奉命要拼死守住钥匙。
a bird carefully guarding its eggs 小心护蛋的鸟 
political leaders guarded by the police 由警方保卫的政界领袖们 
pop stars who need to be guarded from their fans 需要保护以免受歌迷骚扰的流行歌星 
They guard the city against attack. 他们保护城市免受袭击。
The military base is closely guarded. 这个军事基地守卫森严。
The prisoners were guarded by soldiers. 犯人由士兵看守。
She jealously guarded her position of power. 她警觉地守护着自己的权位。
24-hour guard 24小时守卫 
The accused was taken to court under armed guard. 被告在武装戒护下到达法庭。
military, police guard 军事护卫；警方护卫 
guard duty, guard dog 警戒任务；看门狗 
One of the men kept guard, while the other broke into the house. 一人放哨，另一人则闯进了房子里。
Matt relaxed a little, dropping his guard. 马特放松了一下，警惕性也降低了。
The question seemed to catch him off his guard.（比喻用法）这个问题似乎让他措手不及。
border, gate（美）, prison, security guard 边防卫士；门卫；监狱看守人员；保安人员 
personal, private guard 私人保安 
military guard 军事警卫员 
The building is protected by armed guards. 大楼由武装警卫把守。
civil, presidential, royal guard 国民卫队；总统卫队；皇家卫队 
honour, advance, elite guard 仪仗队；先遣卫队；精英卫队 
The President always travels with an armed guard. 总统出行均有武装卫队保驾。
shin, shoulder, wrist guard（运动时戴的）护胫，护肩，护腕
Ensure the guard is in place before operating the machine. 一定要在防护装置放到位后再开机器。
trigger guard 扳机护圈 
fire guard（室内取暖炉的）炉挡
to keep up guard 保持防御姿势

n. [C] 机构中的分支部门，（如政府部门）专门负责处理某项事务，相当于department:
n. [C] 家族的分支，支系:
n. [C] 树枝:
n. [C] 河流的支流:
n. [C] 企业或机构在各地的分支。但并不等同于agency，agency是一个独立的商业主体，而branch则隶属于一家总公司:
n. [C] 学科的分支:
n. [C] 道路（如铁路等）的分支:
n. [C] 语言的分支:
branch |[brɑːntʃ]
executive, judicial, legislative branch 行政部门；司法部门；立法机关 
the anti-terrorist branch 反恐部门
My uncle’s branch of the family emigrated to Canada. 我们家族中我叔父的这一支移居到了加拿大。
the bare branches of a tree in winter 冬天光秃秃的树枝 
leafy branch 树叶繁茂的枝条 
pine branch 松树枝
a branch of the Rhine 莱茵河的支流
The bank has branches all over the country. 那家银行在全国各地设有分行。
New York branch 纽约分部 
overseas branch 国外分支机构 
branch manager, branch office, branch representative 分店经理；分部；分部代表
a branch of computer science 计算机科学的一个分支
a branch of the Rhine 莱茵河的支流 
a branch line 铁路支线

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb/sth (with/to sb/sth) 使…隶属或使…并入一个更大的团体、公司或组织机构，或与其有关联（此时可指医生或律师等专业人士与…有正式关系）:
vt.&vi. ~ (yourself) (with sb/sth) 加入一个机构，与一个机构有关，或为一个机构工作，即隶属于一个大机构:
n. [C] 隶属于…的一家公司、机构等，即附属机构、分公司等:
affiliate |[əˈfɪlieɪt]
The hospital is affiliated with the local university. 这家医院附属于当地大学。
The group is not affiliated to any political party. 该团体不隶属任何政党。
All youth groups will have to affiliate to the National Youth Agency. 所有青年团体必须并入全国青年事务处。
The Government will not allow the staff association to affiliate with outside unions. 政府不会允许其公务员协会与外部工会有紧密联系。
He said he wanted to affiliate with a U.S. firm because he needed 'expert advice and counsel in legal affairs'. 他说他因为需要“在法律事务上得到专家的意见和建议”，所以想与一家美国律师事务所建立合作关系。
The majority of people questioned affiliated themselves with a religious group. 接受询问的人大多数都属于某个宗教团体。
twelve companies, including three affiliates of a Texas oil firm 十二家公司，包括得克萨斯一家石油公司的三家分公司 
The World Chess Federation has affiliates in around 120 countries. 国际象棋联合会在大约120个国家设有分支机构。

n. [U] 通过管子或水渠对一片庄稼所进行的灌溉:
irrigation |[͵ɪrɪ'ɡeɪʃn]
large-scale irrigation 大规模灌溉 
ten acres under irrigation 十英亩的灌溉区域 
drip irrigation 滴灌 
irrigation project, irrigation system 灌溉工程；灌溉系统 
irrigation canal, irrigation channel, irrigation ditch 灌溉渠 
irrigation water 灌溉用水

n. [C] [尤美] 做饭用的厨灶、炉具:
n. [C] 取暖用的炉子、火炉:
stove |[stəʊv]
kitchen stove（尤美）炉灶 
to put the pan on the stove 把平底锅放在炉灶上 
to slave over a hot stove（幽默用法）围着灶台忙活
electric（尤美）, gas, wood stove 电炉；煤气炉；烧木柴的火炉 
Don’t touch the stove! It’s hot. 别碰炉子！烫。

adj. ~ (for sth) 值得纪念的；难忘的:
memorable |[ˈmemərəbl]
a truly memorable occasion 非常难忘的时刻 
the perfect setting for a nostalgic memorable day 度过令人难忘的怀旧一日的绝佳环境 
Annette's performance as Eliza Doolittle in 'Pygmalion' was truly memorable. 安妮特在《卖花女》中扮演的伊丽莎·杜利特尔这个角色实在令人难忘。
It was a truly memorable experience. 这真是一次难忘的经历。
I'd like to thank everyone for helping to make this day memorable for us. 我想感谢所有人，你们的帮助让今天成为令我们难忘的日子。
For our anniversary, we wanted to do something memorable. 为了庆祝周年纪念日，我们想做点儿难忘的事。
The title track is pretty memorable. 同名主打歌曲很是令人难以忘怀。
one particularly memorable evening last year 去年一个特别难忘的夜晚 
Peart's lyrics are instantly memorable. 皮尔特的抒情诗令人过目难忘。
The cruise was memorable for the food. 这次巡游中的食物令人难忘。

the complete removal or destruction of something:完全移除或破坏某物
the exclusion of someone or something from consideration or further participation:将某人或某物排除在考虑或进一步参与之外
the expulsion of waste matter from the body:排出体内废物
the removal of a variable from an equation, typically by substituting another which is shown by another equation to be equivalent:从方程中删除一个变量，通常是通过代入另一个等价的变量
the generation of a simple substance as a product in the course of a reaction involving larger molecules:在涉及较大分子的反应过程中产生作为产物的简单物质
elimination |ɪˌlɪmɪˈneɪʃn| Noun/:消除,淘汰赛
the elimination of extreme poverty is a key objective:消除极端贫困是一个关键目标
a 1-1 draw confirmed their elimination from the tournament:a
the treatment promotes the elimination of toxins:治疗促进排除毒素
Bezout's method of elimination:Bezout的消除法
a condensation reaction can link together two monosaccharide sugars to form a disaccharide with the elimination of water:a缩合反应可以将两个单糖连接在一起形成双糖并消除水

n. [U]（也可用revenues[pl.]）政府通过税收获得的收入，或组织机构等通过商业行为获得的收入:
revenue |[ˈrevənju:;美-nu:]
federal, government, public, state, tax 联邦收入；政府收入；公共收入；国家收入；税收收入 
the main sources of public revenue 公共收入的主要来源 
a shortfall in tax revenue 税收收入不足 
One study said the government would gain about $12 billion in tax revenues over five years. 一项研究表明政府将在五年中获得约120亿美元的税收。
Tax fraud costs the country millions in lost revenue. 税务欺诈使该国损失数百万的收入。
The central government collects the tax revenue. 税款由中央政府收取。
Their government's revenues come mainly from direct taxes. 他们的政府收入主要来自直接税收。
advertising, export, oil, sales, tourism, tourist revenue 广告收入；出口收入；石油收入；销售收入；旅游业收入；旅游收入 
the firm's expected annual revenue 公司的预期年收入 
These television companies rely on advertising revenue for their funds. 这些公司以广告收入作为资金。
The project will not generate any revenue until 2025. 该项目要到2025年才会产生收益。
Licensing the technology has created a new revenue stream for the company. 授权该项技术为该公司创造了一项新的收入来源。revenues from the sale of oil 石油销售的收入 
a slump in oil revenues 石油收入的下跌 
Tourism is the island's main source of revenue. 旅游业是该岛的主要收入来源。
revenue share 收入分成 
net revenue 净收入


revenues | 收入,营收

adj. 能够快速而自信地决定某事的，如坚决的、果断的:
adj. 对于决定最终结果极为重要的，即决定性的、关键的:
decisive |[dɪˈsaɪsɪv]
decisive management 果断的管理层 
He should give way to a younger, more decisive leader. 他应该让位于更年轻、更有决断力的领导者。
The government must take decisive action on gun control. 政府必须在枪支管制方面采取果断措施。           
decisive factor, decisive victory, decisive battle 决定性的因素；决定性的胜利；决定性的战斗 
She has played a decisive role in the peace negotiations. 她在和谈中起了关键作用。
a decisive step (= an important action that will change a situation) towards a cleaner environment 朝着更清洁的环境迈出的关键一步 
his decisive victory in the presidential elections 他在总统大选中取得的压倒性胜利 
The election campaign has now entered its final, decisive phase. 选举活动现在已进入了最后的决定性阶段。
He had one potentially decisive factor in his favour: the element of surprise. 他具备一种对他的发展有积极影响的决定性素质——出奇制胜的本领。
It is the chief executive's opinion which is ultimately decisive.（ultimately尤为英式用法）总裁的意见具有最终的决定作用。

vt. [常用被动式] [尤美] 将某人从一个工作岗位或职位上移除，如撤职、免职、辞退:
vt. [常用被动式] 迫使（某人）离开家园:
vt. [常用被动式] 将某事物从其通常位置移开:
vt. [常用被动式] 代替、取代某人或某事物:
vt. [常用被动式] [术语] 计算单位的置换:
displace |[dɪsˈpleɪs]
displaced workers 被辞退的工人          
Around 10 000 people have been displaced by the fighting. 大约1万人因战争而背井离乡。
Most of the civilians displaced by the war will be unable to return to their homes. 许多因战乱而流离失所的百姓将无法重返家园。
Check for roof tiles that have been displaced by the wind. 检查一下屋顶上是否有瓦被风刮得挪位。
Gradually factory workers have been displaced by machines. 工厂的工人已逐渐被机器取代。
These factories have displaced tourism as the country's largest source of foreign exchange. 这些工厂已取代旅游业成为该国最大的外汇来源。
Coal is to be displaced by natural gas and nuclear power. 煤炭将让位于天然气和核能。
The ship displaces 58 000 tonnes (= as a way of measuring its size). 这艘轮船的排水量为 58 000 吨。

n. [U, C]（对法律、协议或承诺的）违反:
violation |[ˌvaɪəˈleɪʃn]
They were in open violation of the treaty. 他们公然违反条约。
gross violations of human rights 对人权的粗暴践踏 
The attack on civilians is a flagrant iolation of the peace agreement. 袭击平民的举动是对和平协定的公然违背。
practices that are in direct violation of the Geneva Conventions 直接违背《日内瓦公约》的行径 
civil liberties（尤美）, civil rights（尤美）, human rights violation 对公民自由的践踏；对民权的践踏；对人权的践踏 
privacy violation 对隐私的侵犯 
ethical violation（尤美）对道德的践踏 
code, law, rule violation（均尤美）对守则的违犯；对法律的违犯；对规则的违犯 
He had been fined for building code violations. 他曾因违反建筑规范被罚款。
arrests for drug law violations 因违反禁毒法而进行的拘捕 
criminal violation（尤美）刑事犯罪 
drug violation（尤美）违反禁毒法 
traffic violation 交通违法行为 
copyright, trademark violation 对版权的侵犯；对商标的侵犯 
parole, probation violation（均尤美）假释违规；缓刑违规 
immigration, visa violation（均尤美）移民违规；签证违规 
safety, security violation（均尤美）违反安全规程 
fines for safety violations 对违反安全规程的罚款 
anti-trust violation（美）违反反垄断法 
The army was accused of committing violations against the accord. 军队被控多次违反协定。
This action constitutes a violation of international law. 这一行动违反了国际法。
There is plenty of evidence that her actions were in violation of an earlier contract. 有大量证据表明她的行为违反了先前的合同。
violations against minimum wage agreements 对最低工资协定的违反

based on or relating to a system of ideas and ideals, especially concerning economic or political theory and policy:基于或与思想和理想体系有关，特别是关于经济或政治理论和政策
ideological |ˌʌɪdɪəˈlɒdʒɪkl| Adjective/:思想,意识形态的,思想上的
the ideological struggle that underpinned the cold war:支撑冷战的意识形态斗争


neighborhood | 邻里,附近,邻居,邻里关系

n. 1 [C] 测量食物热量的单位，即大卡、千卡:
2 [C] [术语] 热量单位，或一克水升高1摄氏度时所需要的热量，即卡路里、卡:
calorie |[ˈkæləri]
No sugar for me, thanks--I'm counting my calories. 我不要糖，谢谢。我在控制摄取的热量。
A glass of wine does have quite a lot of calories. 一杯葡萄酒的热量确实不低。
empty 无营养卡路里（虽有热量但缺乏营养价值）
Alcohol has a lot of empty calories. 酒热量很高，但没什么营养。
Try to reduce the percentage of fat calories(= calories from fat）in your diet. 要尽量减少饮食中脂防卡路里的比例。
You need to exercise more to burn off the calories. 你需要多运动来消耗卡路里。
a calorie-restricted diet 控制热量的饮食 
I'm trying to watch my calories at the moment. 目前我正在努力控制体重。
calorie consumption, calorie content, calorie intake卡路里摄入量；卡路里含量；热卡摄取量 
foods with a high calorie content 卡路里含量高的食物 
calorie burn（尤美）, calorie expenditure 卡路里的消耗 
Mile per mile you get the same calorie burn from walking as from running. 每走一英里和每跑一英里所消耗的卡路里是一样多的。
Vegetables are relatively low in calories. 蔬菜的卡路里含量较低。

adj.（尤指人或动物以令人害怕的方式）发怒且具有攻击性的。如凶猛的、凶狠的、凶残的:
adj.（情感）强烈的、猛烈的:
adj.（天气状况或温度）狂暴或恶劣的并可能造成损害的:
adj.（尤指行动、动作或情感）强烈的、猛烈的:
fierce |[fɪəs]
a fierce dog 恶狗 
fierce eyes 凶狠的目光 
He suddenly looked fierce. 他突然面露凶相。
She spoke in a fierce whisper. 她恶狠狠地低声说话。
fierce loyalty 极度的忠诚
fierce wind 狂风 
the fierce heat of the flames 火焰的炽热高温
fierce loyalty 极度的忠诚 
the scene of fierce fighting 激烈战斗的场面 
He launched a fierce attack on the Democrats. 他对民主党人发动了猛烈的抨击。
Competition from abroad became fiercer. 来自国外的竞争有所加剧。

vt. mention sth/sb (to sb) 写到…，或说到…（尤指只提供少量信息），即提到，提及。是此义的常规用词，极为常用:
n. [U, C, usually sing.]（在讲话或书写的时候对…的）谈及，说起，提及:
mention |['menʃn]
He failed to mention that he was the one who started the fight. 他没提到是他先动手打人的。
Please don’t mention this to Sally. 请不要对萨莉提这件事。
He avoided mentioning his family. 他闭口不提他的家庭。
The same places are repeatedly mentioned in the data. 同一些地方在数据中被反复提及。
The concert didn’t even get a mention in the newspapers. 报纸对这场音乐会只字未提。
Tom is given special mention. 汤姆被特别提及。
I’ve heard no mention of a salary increase this year. 我没听人提及今年加薪的事。
At the very mention of his name, Kate started shaking with fright. 一提到他的名字，凯特就开始吓得发抖。

vi. 涉及某人或某事物:
vi. 包括某人或某事物:
vt. 使…持续更长时间:
vi. 持续某一时长:
vt. 使…更长，即延长:
vt. 使…空间上更大，即扩大、扩展:
vt. 扩大（业务、思想、影响等的）范围:
vt. 伸展，舒展，展开身体部位（尤指手臂或腿脚）:
The man extended his hand: 'I'm Chuck'. 那名男子伸出手说道:
vt. [常用被动式] 使某事物竭尽全力:
vi. 适用于某人或某事物:
vi.（设备、家具等）展开，伸展:
vi.（物体从一个平面或地方）伸出、凸出:
vt. 使某事物达到某事物，使某事物拉长:
vi. 覆盖某一范围、距离:
vi. 适用于某人或某事物:
vt. [正式] ~ sth to sb 将某事物给予某人:
vt. [常用被动式] 使某人竭尽全力:
extend |[ɪkˈstend]
The talks will extend to the church, human rights groups and other social organizations. 会谈将涉及教会、人权团体和其他社会组织。
His willingness to help did not extend beyond making a few phone calls. 他的乐意帮助只不过限于打几个电话罢了。
The offer does not extend to employees' partners. 这项优惠不包括雇员的伴侣。
The service also extends to wrapping and delivering gifts. 服务项目还包括包装和递送礼物。
His willingness to help did not extend beyond making a few phone calls. 他的乐意帮助只不过限于打几个电话罢了。
to extend a deadline, to extend a visa 延长最后期限；延长签证 
an extended contract 延期的合同 
The repayment period will be extended from 20 years to 25 years. 偿还期将从20年延长到25年。
The show has been extended for another six weeks. 展览会又延长了六周。
They have extended the deadline by twenty-four hours. 他们已经将最后期限延长了24小时。
Careful maintenance can extend the life of your car. 精心保养可延长汽车寿命。
His writing career extended over a period of 40 years. 他的写作生涯超过了40年。
a playing career in first-class cricket that extended from 1894 to 1920 从1894年延续至1920年的板球甲级比赛职业生涯 
The courses are based on a weekly two-hour class, extending over a period of 25 weeks. 这些课程每周上一节课，每节两个小时，持续25周。
to extend a road 延长公路
to extend a fence, to extend a house 扩建护栏；扩建房屋 
The building was extended in 1500. 那座建筑于1500年扩建。
There are plans to extend the no-smoking area. 现已有扩大无烟区的计划。
The company plans to extend its operations into Europe. 公司打算将业务扩展到欧洲。
This year they have introduced three new products to extend their range. 今年他们发布了三种新产品，以扩大产品范围。
Next year we will greatly extend the range of goods that we sell. 明年我们将大幅扩展所售商品的范围。
The school is extending the range of subjects taught. 学校正在拓宽授课学科的范围。
The country's power extends far beyond its military capabilities. 该国国力远远大于其军事力量。
He extended his hand to (= offered to shake hands with) the new employee. 他伸出手来与新雇员握手。
to extend the hand of friendship to (= try to have good relations with) another country（比喻用法）向另一个国家伸出友谊之手
Hospitals were already fully extended because of the epidemic. 这场流行病已使各医院以最大负荷运转。
It might be possible to extend the technique to other crop plants. 也许可以将这种技术应用于其他农作物。
a table which extends to accommodate extra guests 展开后可坐更多客人的桌子 
The table extends to 220cm. 桌子伸展后长220厘米。
A shelf of land extended from the escarpment. 悬崖上凸出一块空地。
to extend a rope between two posts 在两根柱子间拉根绳子
Our land extends as far as the river. 我们的土地一直延伸到河边。
The caves extend for some 18 kilometres. 那些洞穴深约18公里。
The main stem will extend to around 12ft, if left to develop naturally. 如果任其自然生长，主干可以长到约12英尺。
It might be possible to extend the technique to other crop plants. 也许可以将这种技术应用于其他农作物。
I'm sure you will join me in extending a very warm welcome to our visitors. 我肯定你们会同我一起向我们的客人表示热烈的欢迎。
to extend hospitality to overseas students 殷勤款待外国留学生 
to extend an invitation 发出邀请 
The bank refused to extend credit to them (= to lend them money). 银行拒绝向他们提供信贷。
Jim didn't really have to extend himself in the exam. 吉姆大可不必为这次考试那么拼命。

n. [C]（人或车辆排成行移动的）长队:
n. 1 [C]（缩略形式为col.）（书、报纸印刷页上的分立的）竖栏:
2 [C]（图表等的）纵行（数字或字）:
n. [C] 报刊杂志的关于某一主题的专栏:
n. [C] 圆柱形物:
n. [C] 高高的、竖着的坚固的柱子，通常为圆形石柱（用以支撑建筑物或作为纪念之用）:
column |[ˈkɒləm;美ˈkɑ:ləm]
a long column of troops and tanks 部队和坦克的长列纵队 
There were reports of columns of military vehicles appearing on the streets. 有报道说几队军用车辆出现在街头。
armoured column 装甲纵队 
to march in columns 列纵队前进 
the head of the column 队列的排头
a column of text 一栏正文 
a dictionary with two columns per page 每页有两栏正文的字典 
Put a mark in the appropriate column. 在适当的栏里标上记号。
Their divorce filled a lot of column inches in the national papers (= got a lot of attention). 他们的离婚引起了多家全国性报纸的关注。
In The Dictionary of Quotations, there are no fewer than one and a half columns devoted to 'kiss'. 在《引语词典》中，“亲吻”这一条目不下一栏半。
to add up a column of figures 把纵行数字相加 
We had stupidly been looking at the wrong column of figures. 我们稀里糊涂，看串了数字栏。
weekly column 每周专栏 
newspaper column 报纸专栏 
advice（美）, agony（英）, correspondence, editorial, financial, gossip, leader（英）, letters, obituary, op-ed（美）, opinion, personal column （报刊杂志上的）“为您解忧”专栏；答读者问专栏；通信栏；社论专栏；财经专栏；漫谈专栏；社评专栏；读者来信栏；讣告栏；署名评论专栏；评论栏；私人广告栏 
column inches 专栏版面 
So many column inches are devoted to film stars. 如此多的专栏版面都用于对电影明星的报道。
She saw his name in an obituary column. 她在讣告栏中看到了他的名字。
a weekly column on films showing in London 评论在首都上映的电影的每周专栏 
I always read her column in the local paper. 我一直读她在当地报纸上的专栏文章。
His name features frequently in the social columns of the tabloid newspapers. 他的名字频繁地出现在各种小报社会专栏的显著位置上。
She also writes a regular column for the Times Educational Supplement. 她也定期为《泰晤士报高等教育增刊》写专栏文章。
He has a regular column in a weekly newspaper. 他在一份周报上开了一个固定专栏。
The explosion sent a column of smoke thousands of feet into the air. 爆炸在空中形成了几千英尺高的烟柱。
colonnades of fluted Doric columns 饰有凹槽的多立斯柱廊 
classical column 古典石柱 
concrete, marble, stone column 混凝土柱；大理石柱；石柱 
The temple is supported by marble columns. 这座庙宇由大理石柱支撑。
The roof is supported by four huge columns. 房间由四根巨大的石柱支撑。
Nelson's Column in London 伦敦的纳尔逊纪念柱

relating to or using analysis or logical reasoning:关于或使用分析或逻辑推理
analytical |ˌanəˈlɪtɪkl| Adjective/:分析性的,解析的
analytical methods:分析方法
bad luck:运气不好
an unfortunate condition or event:不幸的情况或事件
misfortune |ˌmɪsˈfɔːtʃuːn| Noun/:不幸,不幸的事
the project was dogged by misfortune:这个项目被不幸缠身
never laugh at other people's misfortunes:永远不要嘲笑别人的不幸
