figure					数字，人物，身材，插图，合乎情理，认为
frighten					使...惊恐
preindustrial				工业化前的
furnish					为...配备家具，提供
scarcity					匮乏，稀有
transform					改变
misled					误导
intervene					介入，阻碍
vary						相异，变化，改变
bureaucracy					官僚主义，政府官员
recruiter					征兵人员
pattern					图案，榜样，模式，模仿，样品
necessity					必要，必需品
deny						否认，拒绝给予
drift						漂流，顺其自然，流动，偏航
endorsement					支持，认可，宣传
dare						激，敢，激将
consultancy					咨询公司，咨询的
constant					持续的，不变的，常数
deposit					放下，存放，使...沉积，定金
transmit					传播，广播
undermine					暗中颠覆，暗中破坏，侵蚀
resign					辞职
respective					各自的
consent					同意
reunion					团聚
premium					附加费，优质的
interpretation				理解，说明，口译
concrete					具体的，混凝土
facility					场所，特色服务，便利，才能
facilities					设施
\\\\\\\\

vt. [非正式] 想或认为（某事将发生或属实）:
vi. figure (as sth) (in/among sth) 无被动形式，指出现于…或被包括于…中，是某个进程、情况等的一部分（常是重要部分），相当于feature:
n. [C] 人的身材或体形，尤指女性的好身材。是此义的常规用词:
n. [C]（书籍或杂志中的有数字编号的）图表:
n. [C]（几何学中由线或面所构成的）图形，尤指规则图形:
vt. [美] 计算（数量或成本等）。词义上相当于calculate:
n. 1 [C, often pl.] 数字，尤指官方资料中的统计数字:
2 [C] 0到9（包含0到9）之间的十个个位数字；还可指位数:
n. [C] 某类人，常指重要人士，即人物:
n. [C] 冰上表演的一系列动作或花样:
n. [C] 人或动物等的雕像，塑像:
n. [C]（绘画中的）人或动物:
n. [C]（故事中的）人或动物:
n. [pl.] [非正式] figures 可表示算术，相当于arithmetic:
n. [C]（远处的）人的轮廓，或（看不清楚的）人影:
figure |['fɪɡə]
He figured that he had learned a lot from the experience. 他想他从这次经历中学到了很多。
I figure the sensible thing to do is to wait. 我认为，明智的做法是等待。
That’s what I figured. 这就是我的看法。
Environmental protection figured prominently in the report. 环境保护出现在报告中的显要位置。
Nuclear disarmament is likely to figure prominently in the talks. 核裁军很可能是这次会谈的重点。
He didn’t think their suggestions figure at all. 他认为他们的意见无足轻重。
It did not figure high on my list of priorities. 这不在我最优先处理的事项之内。
Vegetables hardly figure at all in their diet. 他们的食谱中几乎见不到蔬菜。
This man did not figure among the suspects. 这名男子不在嫌疑犯之列。
curvy figure 有曲线美的身材 
sexy figure 性感的体形 
slim figure 苗条的身材 
large figure 魁梧的身材 
towering figure 高大的身材 
tiny figure 娇小的身材 
She takes pride in her figure. 她为她的身材感到骄傲。
He cut a dashing figure in his uniform. 他穿着制服，非常潇洒。
a fine figure of a man 身材很好的男子
See Figure 8. 见表8。
a regular five-sided figure 一个规则的五边形 
a solid figure 立体图形
official figure 官方数字 
latest figure 最新数字 
inflated figure 夸大的数字 
target figure 目标数字 
attendance, sales, trade figure 出席人数；销售数字；贸易数字 
the inflation figure 通货膨胀的数字 
unemployment figure 失业数字 
audience figure（尤英）观众数字 
real figure 真实的数字 
The figures on the screen read 8:45 a.m. 屏幕上的数字显示上午8点45分。
the figure ‘3’ 数字“3” 
a six-figure salary 六位数的薪水 
single figures 一位数 
double figures 两位数 
high figure 高数值
a figure of authority 权威人士 
a leading figure in the music industry 音乐界的一位重要人物 
public figure 公众人物 
senior figure 资深人士 
He was a familiar figure in the town. 小镇上的人都认识他。
tragic figure 悲剧人物 
ridiculous figure 可笑的人物 
heroic, legendary, mythological figure 英雄人物；传奇人物；神话中的人物 
historical figure 历史人物 
literary, political figure 文学作品中的人物；政治人物 
a figure of fun 有趣的人
a life-size bronze figure 一个真人大小的铜像 
a stone figure of a lion 一座石狮子雕像
The major figure in the painting is her mother. 画中的主角是她的妈妈。
the central figure in the photo 照片里的中心人物 
figure painter 人体画画家 
figure drawing, figure painting 人体绘画
He is good at figures. 他擅长算术。
the dim figure of him 他模糊的身影 
human figure 人影 
masked figure 戴着面具的人形 
seated, standing figure 坐着的人；站着的人 
approaching figure 走近的人 
sleeping figure 睡着的人 
lone figure 孤单的人 

vt.＆vi. 使某人突然感到害怕，如吓唬:
frighten |['fraɪtn]
She’s not easily frightened. 她不是轻易能吓倒的。
The prospect of war really frightens me. 战争的即将到来真的把我吓坏了。
Don’t creep around like that! You frightened me to death! 不要这样蹑手蹑脚地到处走！你吓死我了！
I didn’t mean to frighten you. 我不是故意想吓你的。


preindustrial | 工业化前,前工业时代

provide (a house or room) with furniture and fittings:提供（房子或房间）家具和配件
be a source of, provide:beasourceof,提供
supply someone with (something), give (something) to someone:supplysomeonewith(something),给某人（某物）
furnish |ˈfəːnɪʃ| Verb/:装设,提供,供给
the proprietor has furnished the bedrooms in a variety of styles:业主对卧室进行了各种风格的布置
fish furnish an important source of protein:fish提供重要的蛋白质来源
she was able to furnish me with details of the incident:she能够向我提供事件的详细信息

n. [U, C] 缺乏（而且还难以获取）:
scarcity |[ˈskeəsəti;美ˈskers-]
an ever increasing scarcity of water 水资源的日益匮乏 
food, land, resource scarcity 食物短缺；土地稀缺；资源稀缺 
There is a great scarcity of food in the drought-stricken areas. 干旱地区食物严重短缺。
In times of scarcity, lions will travel great distances in search of food. 在食物短缺时，狮子会到很远的地方觅食。
artificial scarcity 人为造成的短缺 
Old properties in the town have acquired a scarcity value. 镇里的老房子变得物以稀为贵。

vt. transform sth/sb (from sth) (into sth) 1 改变某事物的形态，相当于convert:
2（某事物的外观或性质、特征）完全改变，尤指使其变得更好:
transform |[træns'fɔ:m]
The photochemical reactions transform the light into electrical impulses. 光化学反应使光变为电脉冲。
A new colour scheme will transform your bedroom. 新的色彩调配将使你的卧室焕然一新。
It was an event that would transform my life. 那是能够彻底改变我一生的一件事。
The riots radically transformed the situation. 暴乱彻底改变了局势。
He seems to have been miraculously transformed into a first-class player. 他似乎奇迹般地变成了一名一流球员。
The place was transformed from a quiet town into a busy port. 这个地方由一个安静的小镇变为繁忙的港口。
the power of religion to transform our hearts and minds 能够改变心灵和思想的宗教力量


misled | 被误导,误入歧途

vi. [正式] 存在于两个时间点之间:
vi. ~ (in sth)（某人、某个组织机构或国家）出面、介入、干涉、干预某事（以改善局面或提供帮助）:
vi.（某事的发生）阻碍、阻挠、干扰（另一事的发生）:
vt.&vi. 插嘴；打断（别人的话）:
vi. [正式] 存在于两个地点之间:
intervene |[ˌɪntəˈvi:n;美-tərˈv-]
I saw nothing of her during the years that intervened. 这期间的几年中我根本没有见过她。
The situation calmed down when police intervened. 警方干预后，局势平息下来。
Intervening militarily will not bring peace. 军事干预不会带来和平。
Eventually, the army was forced to intervene. 最终军队被迫介入。
The Government is doing nothing to intervene in the crisis. 政府没有采取任何行动对这次危机进行干预。
Government often intervenes decisively in major professional issues in medicine. 政府经常果断介入医药界重大专业问题。
Our government has no right to intervene. 我们的政府无权干预。
The UN refused to intervene. 联合国拒绝干预。
The President intervened personally in the crisis. 总统亲自出面处理这场危机。
Local people feel strongly about the proposed development but are virtually powerless to intervene.当地民众对所提出的开发方案反应强烈，但实际上却无力介入其中。
They would not intervene against the rebels themselves. 他们自己不会插手反对叛乱分子。
Nurses should be ready to intervene on behalf of their patients. 为了病人的利益护士应该时刻准备介入。
She went over to intervene between the two men. 她走过去为两个男人进行调解。
She was reluctant to intervene in what was essentially a private dispute. 她不愿介入这种本质上属于私人性质的争端。
She might have been killed if the neighbours hadn't intervened. 要不是邻居介入，她可能会没命了。
The ambassador intervened personally on behalf of the children. 大使代表孩子们亲自出而处理此事。
attempts to intervene with the authorities on the prisoners' behalf 代表犯人与当局交涉的尝试 
They were planning to get married and then the war intervened. 他们正准备结婚，不巧却因爆发战事而受阻。
The South African mailboat arrived on Friday mornings unless bad weather intervened. 除非受恶劣天气干扰,南非邮船一般在星期五上午抵达。
I pray that death may not intervene to prevent our meeting with my darling children. 我祈祷死亡不要阻挠我们与我亲爱的孩子们见一面。
Hattie intervened and told me to stop it. 哈蒂打断我，叫我停下来。
'I've told you he's not here,' Irena intervened. “我告诉你了他不在这里,”伊雷娜插话说。
‘But,’ she intervened, ‘what about the others?’ “但是，”她插嘴说，“其他的怎么办呢？”

~ (between A and B) 根据情况变化:
vt. 略微改动:
vi. ~ (in sth)（一组类似的事物在大小、形状等方面）不同、有差别:
vary |[ˈveəri;美ˈveri;ˈværi]
vi. ~ (with sth) 
~ (from sth to sth) 
You are welcome to vary the diet. 我们鼓励不时变换饮食。
The menu varies with the season. 菜单随季节而变动。
Prices vary according to the type of room you require. 价格随所要求的户型而有所变化。
The cost of the alcohol duty varies according to the amount of wine in the bottle. 酒税税额随酒瓶容量的大小而有所不同。
Class numbers vary between 25 and 30. 班级的数目从25到30不等。
‘What time do you start work?’ ‘ It varies.’ “你几点钟开始工作？”“没准儿。” 
The speed of the car hardly varied. 汽车的速度几乎没有改变。
the continuously varying intensities of natural light 自然光不断变换的强度 
What can be found will inevitably vary according to the area under study. 因为研究范围不同，研究结果不可避免会有所不同。
Personal preference naturally varies. 个人的偏爱喜好自然各不相同。
The drug is available in several forms, and dosages vary accordingly. 这种药有几种剂型，服用剂量也相应不同。
Dictionaries are produced with specific markets in mind, and their contents vary accordingly. 各种词典根据特定的目标市场编写发行，内容也相应地有所不同。
The availability of good medical care tends to vary inversely with the need for it. 优质医疗服务的可及度往往与需求成反比。
Voting patterns vary geographically. 选举模式因地域而有所不同。
The leaf's size varies widely according to the area where it grows. 叶片的大小按生长地区的不同存在着广泛的差异。
Access to this information varies by social class. 获取这一信息的途径因社会阶层的不同而变化。
Costs are likely to vary depending on where you live. 费用很有可能随居住地的不同而变化。The danger of a heart attack varies with body weight. 心脏病发作的危险随体重而变化。
Gender roles vary across cultures. 不同文化里的性别角色各不相同。
Services offered vary among the main banks. 各大银行提供的服务不尽相同。
The rate of growth varies considerably between different industries. 不同产业的增长率存在相当大的差异。
The doses used vary between 2 and 10mg/kg. 用量从每千克2毫克到10毫克不等。
The situation varies slightly from country to country. 在不同的国家情况稍有不同。
Its speed varies from 20 mph to 35 mph. 速度在每小时20英里至35英里之间变动。
a study of how moral values vary with/over time 对道德价值观如何随时间而变化的研究 
The job enables me to vary the hours I work. 这项工作使我能够调整工作时间。
The students' work varies considerably in quality. 学生作业的质量甚是参差不齐。
The quality of the students' work varies considerably. 学生作业的质量甚是参差不齐。
New techniques were introduced with varying degrees of success. 引进新技术的成功程度不尽相同。
As they're handmade, each one varies slightly. 由于它们是手工制作的，彼此都会有些微小的差异。
The text varies from the earlier versions. 这一文本与较早的版本有些不同。
The sword hardly varied in form from the 12th to the 15th century. 剑的样式从12世纪到15世纪几乎没有什么改变。
Prices can vary enormously. 价格可能有很大不同。
The rooms vary in size. 这些房间大小不一。

n. 1 [U] [常贬]（政府或组织机构的）官僚主义；官僚作风:
2 [U, C]（政府的）官僚体制；实行官僚体制的国家:
bureaucracy |[bjʊəˈrɒkrəsi;美bjʊˈrɑ:k-]
cumbersome, excessive, unnecessary bureaucracy 繁琐多余的手续；繁文缛节 
administrative, corporate bureaucracy 行政的规章手续；公司的规章手续 
People usually complain about having to deal with too much bureaucracy. 人们经常抱怨不得不应付太多的繁文缛节。
The organization has promised to eliminate unnecessary bureaucracy. 该组织已承诺消除不必要的规章制度。
huge, large, massive, vast bureaucracy 庞大的行政体系 
bloated bureaucracy 臃肿的行政体系 
federal, government, state bureaucracy 联邦官僚机构；政府官僚机构；国家行政机构 
the power of the state bureaucracy 国家官僚体制的权力 
State bureaucracies can tend to stifle enterprise and initiative. 国家的官僚体制往往会扼杀人们的事业心和积极性。
living in a modern bureaucracy 生活在一个现代官僚体制中

a person whose job is to enlist or enrol people as employees, in the armed forces, or as members of an organization:一个人，其工作是招募或招募人员作为雇员、武装部队或组织的成员
recruiter |rɪˈkruːtə| Noun/:招聘人员,招聘者
a recruiter will schedule you for an interview:招聘人员将为您安排面试

n. [C]（材料、地毯、音乐等东西上的）对于线条、形状、颜色、声音等的规则排列，作为一种图案或式样:
vt. 在某事物上形成一个规则的（由一些线条或形状构成的）图案（或花样）:
n. [usually sing.] 可供效仿的一个杰出典范:
n. [C] 某事发生或被执行的通常方式，即模式:
vt. [术语] 造成某种行为发展，或促成某种行为模式的形成:
n. 1 [C]（沿着…的周围切割出来的、用于制作某东西的）模型、底样、纸样等:
2 [C] 帮助你选择某事物的样式的一小块材料、纸张等，即样品、样本，相当于sample:
pattern |['pætn]
a pattern of diamonds 菱形图案 
abstract, geometric pattern 抽象图案；几何图案 
camouflage, floral, striped pattern 迷彩图案；花卉图案；条纹图案 
regular pattern 规则的样式 
random pattern 随机图样 
drum, sound pattern 鼓点模式；声音模式 
rhythmic patterns 节奏模式 
the pattern on the carpet 地毯上的图案 
Frost patterned the window. 霜在窗子上形成了图案。
a landscape patterned by vineyards 由一片片葡萄园构成的风景图
This system sets the pattern for others to follow. 这个系统堪为他人仿效的典范。
changing patterns of behaviour 行为的变化模式 
The murders all seem to follow a (similar) pattern. 这些凶杀案如出一辙。
There is no set pattern for these meetings. 这些会议没有固定的模式。
Her speech patterns are very distinctive. 她的讲话方式很有特色。
sleep pattern 睡眠模式 
spending pattern 消费模式 
weather pattern 天气模式 
patterns of thought 思维模式 
Adult behaviour is often patterned by childhood experiences. 成年人的行为模式往往是童年经历造成的。
a knitting pattern 编织图样 
She bought a dress pattern and some material. 她买了一幅衣服纸样和一些衣料。
wallpaper patterns 壁纸样品

~ (to do sth)（必须做某事的）必要性；（对某事物的）需要:
2 [C] 必需的事物；必需品:
~ (to do sth)（某事发生的）必然性:
2 [C, usually sing.] 不可避免的情况或行动:
necessity |[nəˈsesəti]
~ (of sth/of doing sth) 
We recognize the necessity for a written agreement. 我们认为有必要签订一份书面协议。
There is agreement on the necessity of reforms. 对改革的必要性已经达成了共识。
As soon as the necessity for action is over the troops must be withdrawn. 一旦军事行动的必要性不复存在，军队就必须撤出。
There had never been any necessity for her to go out to work. 她从来就没有出去工作的必要。
We were discussing the necessity of employing more staff. 我们在讨论是否需要雇用更多员工。
Water is a basic necessity of life. 生命离不开水。
food, fuel and other daily necessities 食物、燃料和其他日常必需品 
Many people cannot even afford basic necessities such as food and clothing. 许多人甚至买不起食物和衣服之类的基本必需品。
They have nothing but the barest necessities. 除了最基本的必需品之外，他们一无所有。
Air-conditioning is an absolute necessity in this climate. 这样的气候绝对需要有空调。
Policies which address these issues are an urgent necessity. 迫切需要的是解决这些问题的政策。
~ (of sth/of doing sth) 
This is, of necessity, a brief and incomplete account. 这必然是一份简略的、不完全的描述。
Living in London, he felt, was an unfortunate necessity. 他觉得在伦敦生活是迫于无奈。
The President pleaded that strong rule from the centre was a regrettable, but temporary necessity. 总统辩解说，实行高度的中央集权虽不尽如人意，但暂时来说却是必要的。

vt. 否认与某人有关系:
vt. [正式] ~ yourself (sth)（尤因道德或宗教原因）节制、克制、戒绝:
vt. 否认、否定:
vt. 拒绝承认或拒绝接受某事、否认与某人有关系:
vt. 拒绝承认或拒绝接受某事:
~ (sb) (sth) 拒绝给予某人（其想要的东西）:
deny |[dɪˈnaɪ]
I denied my father because I wanted to become someone else. 我和父亲断绝了关系，因为我想成为一个不一样的自己。
to deny a claim 否认某种说法 
to deny a charge 否认指控 
She denied both accusations. 她对两项指控均予以否认。
The spokesman refused either to confirm or deny the reports. 发言人对那些报道不置可否。
The government has denied that there was a plot to assassinate the president. 政府否认曾有人密谋暗杀总统。
He denies attempting to murder his wife. 他否认企图谋杀妻子。
She denied (that) there had been any cover-up. 她否认有任何隐瞒。
He has categorically denied being involved in the fraud. 他断然否认自己与诈骗有关。
You can't deny that it seems a very attractive idea. 无可否认，那个主意看来很有吸引力。
I know it was you I saw, so there's no use trying to deny it. 我知道我看到的人就是你，你别再试图否认了。
No one would deny that there is a very great need for change. 没有人会否认亟须变革。
There's no denying (the fact) that quicker action could have saved them. 无可否认，如果行动快一点，本来是救得了他们的。
It can't be denied that we need to devote more resources to this problem. 无可否认，我们必须投入更多的资源来解决这个问题。
She denied all knowledge of the incident. 她矢口否认知晓此事的任何情况。
The department denies responsibility for what occurred. 这个部门拒绝为所发生的事承担责任。
I denied my father because I wanted to become someone else. 我和父亲断绝了关系，因为我想成为一个不一样的自己。
She denied all knowledge of the incident. 她矢口否认知晓此事的任何情况。
The department denies responsibility for what occurred. 这个部门拒绝为所发生的事承担责任。
They were denied access to the information. 他们试图取得这个情报被拒。
Access to the information was denied to them. 他们无法得到这个情报。
If he is unlucky, he may find that his ex-partner denies him access to his children. 如果不走运的话，他可能会发现前妻拒绝让他接近自己的孩子。
Don't deny yourself pleasure. 不要有乐不享。
They were cruelly denied victory by a header from Reece. 里斯的头球残酷地葬送了他们的胜利。
Children could be compelled to work on the farm, effectively denying them schooling. 孩子们可能被迫在农场劳作，这事实上剥夺了他们受教育的权利。
The country's government systematically denies its citizens basic rights to free expression. 该国政府完全剥夺了其公民言论自由的基本权利。
You cannot deny this opportunity to me. 你不能拒绝给我这个机会。

n. [U]（船只或飞机由于气流或风向所导致的）偏航:
vi.（声音等）传到某地（但声音不是很大）:
vi. 目光向某地缓慢移动:
n. [sing., U] 从一种情形到另一种情形（尤指到坏的情形）的逐渐变化或发展:
vi. ~ in/into sth 不知不觉就从一种状态或情况进入到另一种状态或情况:
n. [sing., U] 从一地到另一地的缓慢移动:
vi. 向某地缓慢移动或走去:
vi. 无意间发生或改变；没有计划或目的地做某事（如顺其自然地做某事）:
n. [C] 大丛的某事物（尤指花）:
n. [sing.] 某人所说或所写的大意、主旨、要点。相当于gist:
vi. 在水中或空气中平缓地沿某个方向移动，如漂流、漂移:
vt. 使某事物漂流或漂浮到某地:
n. [sing., U] 漂移:
n. [U, C] 海水或空气的流动。相当于current:
n. [C] 由风造成一大堆吹聚物（尤指雪堆）:
vi.（雪或沙）被风吹成大堆:
n. [C] 由风造成一大堆吹聚物（尤指雪堆）:
vi.（雪）被风吹成大堆:
drift |[drɪft]
Voices drifted up through the floorboards. 声音透过地板传了上来。
Cool summer dance sounds are drifting from the stereo indoors. 清凉的夏日舞曲的声音从室内音响中传了出来。
Her gaze drifted around the room. 她用目光缓缓扫视了一下室内。
Her gaze gradually drifted to the bookshelf. 她的视线渐渐转移到了书架上。
attempts to halt the drift towards war 制止逐步走上战争道路的努力 
He criticized the rightward drift of the party. 他批评该党转向右倾。
his drift into crime 他逐渐滑向犯罪 
Finally she drifted into sleep. 最后她不知不觉地睡着了。
I didn't hear the storm. I must have drifted off by then. 我没有听见暴风雨，那时一定是睡着了。
He drifted off into a deep slumber. 他渐渐进入沉睡状态。
She closed her eyes and slowly drifted off to sleep. 她闭上眼睛，渐渐进入梦乡。
She began to drift between sleep and wakefulness. 她开始进入时睡时醒的状态。
The injured man tried to speak but soon drifted into unconsciousness. 受伤的男人想说点什么，但一会儿就不省人事了。
He drifted in and out of consciousness. 他时而清醒时而昏迷。
We need to offer young people drifting into crime an alternative set of values. 我们需要给那些无意间犯了罪的年轻人灌输另一套价值观。
She and her husband drifted apart and, eventually, they divorced. 她和她丈夫渐行渐远,最后他们离婚了。
As children we were very close, but as we grew up we just drifted apart. 孩提时我们亲密无间，但随着年龄的增长我们就逐渐疏远了。
Over the years the two friends drifted apart. 过了这么多年，这两个朋友已经渐渐疏远。
continental drift 大陆漂移 
As the strike went on, there was a gradual drift back to work. 罢工继续进行的同时，陆续有人回去工作了。
a population drift away from rural areas 农村地区的人口外流 
the drift towards the cities 涌向城市的趋势 
the drift of people away from rural areas into urban slums 由农村到城市贫民区的人口流动 
The crowd drifted away from the scene of the accident. 人群渐渐从事故现场散去。
He spent the day drifting aimlessly about the house. 他一整天都在房子周围漫无目的地晃来晃去。
She drifted across the room to where we were standing. 她缓慢地穿过房间来到我们站着的地方。
As rural factories shed labour, people drift towards the cities. 由于农村的工厂纷纷裁员,人们逐渐流向城市。
He finally drifted back to his home town. 他最终兜回了家乡。
I didn't intend to be a teacher─I just drifted into it. 我并没想过当老师——只是顺其自然就当了。
He drifted into teaching, but never really enjoyed it. 他无意中当上了教师，却从未真正喜欢过这一行。
He hasn't decided what to do yet─he's just drifting. 他还没决定做什么——只是顺其自然。
You've been drifting from job to job without any real commitment. 你一直在无目的地更换工作，从未真正投入进去。
The conversation drifted onto politics. 谈话不知不觉就转到政治方面来了。
He allowed his thoughts to drift back to his conversation with Carrie. 他让思绪回到了他与卡丽的谈话上。
We seem to be drifting away from the point. 我们似乎有点儿离题。
Plant daffodils in informal drifts. 随便种几丛黄水仙。            
Do you catch my drift? 你明白我的大意吗？
My German isn't very good, but I got the drift of what she said. 我的德语不太好，但我大致明白她说的意思。
Grace was beginning to get his drift. 格雷丝慢慢明白了他的意思。
Anybody who's listening will get the drift of what he was saying. 任何一个在专心听的人都会领悟他所说的大意。
I didn't follow the speech exactly, but I caught the main drift of what was being said. 我没有完全听懂演讲，但领会了其主旨。
I lost the drift of what she was saying. 我没懂他讲话的大意。
The empty boat drifted out to sea. 空船向海上漂去。
The boat drifted slowly downstream. 小船慢慢地顺流而下。
We drifted with the current. 我们随波漂流。
We proceeded to drift on up the river. 我们继续向河流的上游漂流。
Cold and hungry, they drifted helplessly towards the Arctic. 他们又冷又饿，无助地漂向北极。
The climbing balloon drifted silently over the countryside. 不断上升的气球静静地飘过乡间。
Clouds drifted across the sky. 朵朵浮云在空中飘过。
Smoke drifted up from the campfire. 篝火上青烟袅袅。
The logs are drifted downstream to the mill. 原木顺流漂到木材加工厂。
continental drift 大陆漂移 
As the strike went on, there was a gradual drift
the general direction of drift on the east coast 东海岸海水的总体流向 
He knew the hidden drifts in that part of the river. 他对那段河道中的暗流非常清楚。
snow drift（通常用snowdrift）风吹积成的雪堆 
a nine-foot snow drift 九英尺深的雪堆 
sand drift 风吹积成的沙堆 
The road was blocked by deep drifts of snow. 道路被风吹来的厚厚积雪阻塞。
There was a drift of smoke above the trees. 树林上空飘浮着一股烟。
drifting sand 堆积的沙 
Some roads are closed because of drifting. 有些道路因积雪而封闭。
The snow, except where it drifted, was only calf-deep. 除了吹得堆积起来的地方，雪只有小腿肚深。
The storm caused severe drifting. 暴风雪造成了严重的积雪现象。
snow drift（通常用snowdrift）风吹积成的雪堆 
a nine-foot snow drift 九英尺深的雪堆 
The road was blocked by deep drifts of snow. 道路被风吹来的厚厚积雪阻塞。
Some roads are closed because of drifting. 有些道路因积雪而封闭。
The snow, except where it drifted, was only calf-deep. 除了吹得堆积起来的地方，雪只有小腿肚深。
The storm caused severe drifting. 暴风雪造成了严重的积雪现象。

n. [C, U]（公开的）支持:
n. [C, U]（公开的）赞同，认可:
n. [C, U]（通常为名人在广告中对某一产品或公司的）宣传，代言:
n. [C, U] [英]（驾驶执照上的）违章记录:
endorsement |[ɪnˈdɔ:smənt;美-ˈdɔ:rs-]
The election victory is a clear endorsement of their policies. 竞选成功显然是对他们政策的支持。
This is a powerful endorsement for his softer style of government. 这是对他较温和的执政风格强有力的支持。
We are happy to give the product our full endorsement. 我们很乐意全力支持该产品。
They are now seeking endorsement for their ideas. 他们正在为他们的构想寻求支持。
These measures have the strong endorsement of the party. 这些措施得到了该党的大力支持。
her endorsement as leader of the delegation 她作为代表团团长给予的支持 
endorsement for the plan 对计划的支持 
His presidential campaign won endorsement from several celebrities. 他参加总统竞选得到了一些社会名流的支持。
That adds up to an endorsement of the status quo. 那算是对现状的赞同。
a letter of endorsement 认可证书 
The new design only received a lukewarm endorsement from head office. 总部对新设计反响平平。
implicit, tacit endorsement 含蓄的认可；默认 
government endorsement（尤美）政府的认可 
endorsement of the product by the appropriate body 有关机构对本产品的认可
celebrity endorsement 名人代言 
product endorsement 产品代言 
endorsement contract, endorsement deal（均尤美）代言合约；代言协议 
He signed a four-year endorsement deal. 他签了一份为期四年的代言合约。

modal verb. 足够勇敢去做某事，即敢于:
vt. 劝说某人去做危险、困难或尴尬的事以使该人表明其并不害怕，即激某人去做某事:
n. [usually sing.]（你尝试去劝说某人去做的）危险、困难或尴尬的事（以看其是否愿意去做），即激将，挑战:
dare |[deə]
He didn’t dare (to) say what he thought. 他不敢说出他的想法。
I hardly dared to breathe. 我几乎不敢呼吸。
I wouldn’t dare go by myself. 我不敢自己去。
Go on! Take it! I dare you. 来呀！接受吧！我谅你也不敢。
Some of the older boys had dared him to do it. 几个大男孩激他，问他敢不敢干这事。
He climbed onto the roof for a dare.（英）他受到激将爬上了房顶。
She learned to fly on a dare.（美）她在激将下学会了开飞机。


a professional practice that gives expert advice within a particular field:在特定领域提供专家建议的专业实践
the work of a consultancy:咨询公司的工作
consultancy |kənˈsʌlt(ə)nsi| Noun/:,咨询服务
a world class source of environmental consultancy:世界一流的环境咨询资源

adj. 常作前置定语，一直都在发生的，或重复发生的，即持续不断的，重复的:
adj.（尤指数量或水平）不变的，恒定的，相当于fixed:
n. [C] [术语] 常数，常量:
constant |['kɒnstənt]
constant interruptions 无休止的干扰 
a constant stream of visitors all day 整天络绎不绝的游客 
Babies need constant attention. 婴儿一刻也离不开人。
This entrance is in constant use. 此入口经常使用。
a constant threat 一个持续的威胁
a constant speed 恒定速度 
The level of unemployment remains fairly constant at around 10%. 失业率一直维持在10%左右，比较稳定。
All variables except one must be held constant. 除了一个变量以外，其他所有变量必须保持恒定。

vt. 把…放置在某一位置:
deposit sth (with sb/sth) 将贵重物品寄存或存放在某地:
n. [C] 某地的物质层，尤指河流、洪水、液体底部的沉积物。是一个常规用词:
vt.（尤指河流或液体）使沉积:
n. [C] 地下自然形成的物质沉积层:
deposit sth (with sb/sth) 将贵重物品寄存或存放在某地:
n. [C] 某地的物质层，尤指河流、洪水、液体底部的沉积物。是一个常规用词:
vt.（尤指河流或液体）使沉积:
n. [C] 在银行账户里的一笔存款:
vt. 把钱存入银行账户:
n. 1 [C] a deposit (on sth) 常用单数，指订金，保证金:
2 [C] 常用单数，指押金:
vt. 付订金，付押金:
deposit |[dɪ'pɒzɪt][dɪ'pɒzɪt]
She deposited a pile of books on my desk. 她把一摞书放在我的书桌上。
I was whisked off in a taxi and deposited outside the hotel.（非正式用法）一辆出租车匆匆把我送到旅馆外面，让我下了车。
vt. deposit sth (in sth) 
Guests may deposit their valuables in the hotel safe. 旅客可将贵重物品寄存在旅馆的保险柜里。
The rain left a deposit of mud on the windows. 雨水在窗户上留下一层泥。
The floods left a thick deposit of mud over the fields. 洪水过后，田地里留下了厚厚的一层泥浆。
fatty deposits in the arteries of the heart 心脏动脉中的脂肪沉积 
Sand was deposited which hardened into sandstone. 沙子经沉积固结形成沙岩。
mineral, oil, gold, coal deposit 矿床；石油矿床；金矿；煤矿 
glacial, sedimentary deposit 冰河沉积；沉积矿床
vt. deposit sth (in sth) 
Guests may deposit their valuables in the hotel safe. 旅客可将贵重物品寄存在旅馆的保险柜里。
The rain left a deposit of mud on the windows. 雨水在窗户上留下一层泥。
The floods left a thick deposit of mud over the fields. 洪水过后，田地里留下了厚厚的一层泥浆。
fatty deposits in the arteries of the heart 心脏动脉中的脂肪沉积 
Sand was deposited which hardened into sandstone. 沙子经沉积固结形成沙岩。
bank deposit 银行存款 
cash deposit 现金存款 
deposit account（英）存款账户 
to make a deposit of £80 into her account 往她的账户里存80英镑 
Millions were deposited in Swiss bank accounts. 巨额款项存入了瑞士的银行账户。
We’ve put down a 5% deposit on the house. 我们已支付了房款的5%作为订金。
to pay £100 (as a) deposit 支付100英镑（作为）订金 
All deposits are refundable. 押金可全数退还。
non-refundable, non-returnable（英）deposit 不可退还的押金 
security deposit 保证金 
to pay a deposit of $200 支付200美元的押金 
to leave a £50 deposit on the bike 留下50英镑作为自行车的押金 
You’ll get back your deposit. 你可以取回押金。
If the bike is damaged, you will forfeit your deposit. 如果自行车损坏，你的押金会被没收。

vt. [术语] 传导（电）:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (from…) (to…) 发送、传输（广播或电视信号、计算机数据或其它电子信息等）:
vt. 传达、传输思想或感情:
vt. [术语] 传播、传导（热、光、声、电、振动等）:
vt. 传播或传染疾病:
transmit |[trænsˈmɪt;trænz-]
a short-wave radio that can transmit as well as receive 收发两用的短波无线电装置 
signals transmitted from a satellite 从卫星传送来的信号 
The ceremony was transmitted live by satellite to over fifty countries. 典礼通过卫星向五十多个国家进行了实况转播。
The information is electronically transmitted to schools and colleges. 信息通过电子方式传送到各所学校和学院。
The message they are transmitting to their daughters is very different from that of previous generations. 他们向女儿传输的信息与上几代人截然不同。
He transmitted his keen enjoyment of singing to the audience. 他把自己对演唱的激情投入传递给了观众。
Parents can unwittingly transmit their own fears to their children. 父母自己的恐惧有可能在无意中感染了孩子。
These thin crystals transmit much of the power. 这些薄薄的晶体传导了大部分的动力。
There was no vibration transmitted to the handles and the machine wasn't noisy either. 没有任何振动传导到手柄，机器也没有任何噪音。
mosquitoes that transmit disease to humans 传染疾病给人类的蚊子 
sexually transmitted diseases 性传播疾病 
There was no danger of transmitting the infection through operations. 不存在通过手术传播这种传染病的风险。           

vt. 从根基处破坏（例如通过挖掘其根基来破坏某人的能力、努力或成功的机会）:
vt. 间接削弱体制等:
vt. 逐渐削弱…，尤指间接削弱某人的权威或地位:
vt. 间接削弱某人的感情或信心、士气:
undermine |[ˌʌndəˈmaɪn;美-dərˈm-]
It ultimately undermined his ability to play. 这最终削弱了他的比赛能力。
The continued fighting threatens to undermine efforts to negotiate an agreement. 持续的战斗会破坏希望通过谈判来达成协议的努力。
I don't want to do something that would undermine the chances of success. 我不想做会影响成功机会的事情。
Western intelligence agencies are accused of trying to undermine the government. 西方情报机构被指责企图动摇该政府的统治。
The conversations were designed to undermine her authority so she felt that she could no longer work for the company. 这些谈话有意削弱她的威信，这样她会觉得自己在公司干不下去。
His position within the government has been seriously undermined. 他在政府中的地位遭到严重削弱。
This crisis has undermined his position. 这场危机已削弱了他的地位。
Offering advice on each and every problem will undermine her feeling of being adult. 对每个问题都给出建议会令她觉得自己不像个成年人。
Our confidence in the team has been seriously undermined by their recent defeats. 该队最近的几次失败已严重动摇了我们对他们的信心。
She undermined him and destroyed his confidence in his own talent. 她暗中打击他，让他对自己的才华信心全无。
a terror attack intended to undermine the morale of citizens 旨在打击市民士气的一次恐怖袭击

resign (as sth)（从公司、组织机构等）辞去职务，辞职:
resign |[rɪ'zaɪn]
vt.＆vi. resign (from sth) 
He resigned as chairman. 他辞去了主席一职。

belonging or relating separately to each of two or more people or things:分别属于或涉及两个或两个以上的人或事物中的每一个
respective |rɪˈspɛktɪv| Adjective/:各自,各自的,分别
they chatted about their respective childhoods:他们聊起了各自的童年

vi. [相对正式] ~ (to sth) 同意、准许:
n. [U] ~ (to sth) 同意，尤指当权者给与的同意、准许:
n. [C] 正式的批准文件，批文:
consent |[kənˈsent]
When she told them what she intended they readily consented. 她告诉他们她的打算时，他们欣然同意。
He reluctantly consented to his daughter's marriage. 他勉强同意了女儿的婚事。
She finally consented to answer our questions. 她最终同意回答我们的问题。
He finally consented to go. 他最终同意去了。
He asked Ginny if she would consent to a small celebration after the christening. 他问金尼是否同意在洗礼之后小小地庆祝一下。
He has kindly consented to give us some of his valuable time. 他真好，答应抽出一些宝贵的时间给我们。
Children under 16 cannot give consent to medical treatment. 16岁以下的儿童不得自行同意接受治疗。
The written consent of a parent is required. 要求有家长的书面同意。
to refuse/withhold your consent 拒不同意 
He is charged with taking a car without the owner's consent. 他因未征得车主的同意自行开走车而受到指控。
She was chosen as leader by common consent (= everyone agreed to the choice). 大家一致同意选她为领导人。
By mutual consent they didn't go out (= they both agreed not to). 按照双方同意，他们没有约会。
At approximately 11:30 p.m., Pollard finally gave his consent to the search. 大概晚上11点半的时候，波拉德最终同意进行搜查。
Can my child be medically examined without my consent? 能不经我的同意就对我的孩子进行体检吗？
By common consent their talk avoided the reason for their being there at all. 双方达成共识，他们的谈话对他们去那儿的原因完全避而不谈。
He left the company by mutual consent last September. 去年9月，经双方同意，他离开了公司。
Completion of the survey was taken as implied consent to participate. 完成调查表被视为同意参加调查。
Your silence implies tacit consent to these proposals. 你的沉默意味着你默许这些提议。
Doctors must obtain the informed consent of all patients before giving any treatment. 在进行任何治疗前，医生必须得到病人的之情同意。
No action can be taken without the prior consent of the owner. 没有物主的事先同意，不得采取任何行动。
formal, written consent 正式同意；书面同意 
oral（美）, verbal consent 口头同意 
presumed consent（美）推定同意 
spousal consent（美）配偶的同意 
consent document, consent form 同意文件；同意书 
The article is reprinted by consent of the author. 该文章是经作者同意才重印的。

n. [U] 重新成为一个群体（或组织机构），如重新结合、再度联合:
n. 1 [C]（一群人，如家庭、学校及其他团体成员的久别之后的）重逢、团聚、聚会（是一种场合）:
~ (between A and B)（人们分开一段时间后的）相聚、团聚（是一种行为）:
reunion |[ri:ˈju:niən]
the reunion of the Church of England with the Church of Rome 英格兰圣公会和罗马天主教的再度联合 
reunion album, reunion concert, reunion show, reunion tour 重组专辑；重聚音乐会；重聚演出；重聚巡演 
reunion movie（美）（电视剧停播后原班人马的）电影版制作
a family reunion 家人团聚 
The whole family was there for this big family reunion. 全家人都来参加了这次盛大的家庭聚会。
the school's annual reunion 一年一度的校友联欢会 
a reunion of the class of '85 85届同学聚会 
The Association holds an annual reunion. 这个协会每年聚会一次。
alumni（尤美）, class, college, high-school（尤美）, school（尤英）reunion 校友聚会；班级聚会；学院聚会；高中聚会；学校联谊聚会 
five-year reunion 分别五年后的重聚 
I think it's time to arrange a little reunion. 我觉得该是安排一次小型聚会的时候了。
The reunion is held every two years. 联谊聚会每两年举行一次。
reunion dinner, reunion event, reunion lunch（英）聚会晚宴；聚会活动；重聚午宴 
reunion party 联谊聚会 
reunion weekend 举行聚会的周末 
At the reunion I met a friend I hadn't seen for twenty years.在聚会上我遇见了一位20年没见的朋友。
We organized a reunion for former company employees. 我们为公司前雇员组织了一次聚会。
an emotional reunion between mother and son 母子团圆的激动场面 
The children weren't allowed to see her for nearly a week. It was a very emotional reunion. 孩子们将近一周都没能见到她。这是一次令人激动的团聚。
Christmas is a time of reunion. 圣诞节是团聚的日子。
the reunion of two old friends 两个老朋友的重聚 
a tearful reunion with his family 他与家人令人落泪的团聚

n. [sing.] at a ~ 被需要但很难获取的，即稀缺的、紧缺的、难以得到的:
n. [C]（基本费用之外的）额外费用、附加费用:
n. [sing.] at a ~ 以高于平常的价格（买进或卖出）:
adj. [只用于名词前] 比通常情况高得非常多的（如昂贵的）:
n. [C]（一次性或分期缴纳的）保险费:
n. [sing.] place/put a high ~ on sb/sth 极为珍视、高度重视:
adj. [只用于名词前] 高品质的:
premium |[ˈpri:miəm]
If space is at a premium, choose adaptable furniture that won't fill the room. 如果空间有限，就选择一些不会把房间占得很满的可改装家具。
Space is at a premium in a one-bedroomed apartment. 单居室公寓的空间是很有限的。
You have to pay a high premium for express delivery. 快递须付高额的附加费。
A premium of 10% is paid out after 20 years. 20年后要付清10%的额外费用。
Even if customers want 'solutions', most are not willing to pay a premium for them. 即使顾客想得到“解决方案”，他们大多数也不愿意为此支付额外费用。
Callers are charged a premium rate of 48p a minute. 打电话要支付每分钟48便士的附加费。
The company is charging a pretty hefty premium for access to their network. 该公司正在对登录其网络收取可观的额外费用。
Electricity companies pay a premium for renewable energy. 电力公司为可再生能源支付额外的费用。
He eventually sold the shares back to the bank at a premium. 他最后以高价把股票回售给银行。
Good hotels are at a premium (= difficult to obtain and therefore expensive). 好的酒店收费高。
bought at a premium of 40% above the current market price 以高于当前市场价格的40%购买 
premium prices 奇高的价格 
At the premium end of the market, business is booming. 高端市场业务繁荣。
a monthly premium of £6.25 每月6.25英镑的保险费 
Intense competition has kept premiums low. 激烈的竞争使得保险费保持在低位。
insurance premium 保险费 
health-care（尤美）, health insurance premium 医疗保险费 
the rising cost of medical malpractice insurance premiums 医疗事故保险费的成本上升 
We're struggling to keep up our premiums. 我们正勉力继续支付保险费。
The insurance company has increased our premiums. 保险公司提高了我们的保险费。
My insurance premiums increase each year. 我的保险费每年增加。
The additional premium costs $1 800 a year. 额外保险费每年要花1,800美元。
premium rate 保险费率 
premium increase 保险费的提高 
the premiums for your pension plan 为你的退休金计划支付的保险费 
Premiums on many cars will go up this year. 今年许多汽车的保险费会上调。
risk premium 风险溢价 
There's a risk premium of probably $10 a barrel built into oil prices. 每桶石油的价格中约有10美元的风险溢价。
equity premium 权益溢价 
equity risk premiums 权益风险溢价
I place a high premium on what someone is like as a person. 我非常重视一个人的人品。
They put a high premium on prevention and primary care. 他们对预防和初级护理极为重视。
The company places a high premium on customer loyalty. 该公司非常重视客户的忠诚度。
premium products 优质产品 
At the premium end of the market, business is booming. 高端市场业务繁荣。
the most popular premium ice cream in this country 这个国家最受欢迎的优质冰激凌

n. [C, U] 一个人对戏剧角色等的演绎方式、表演方式:
n. [C, U] 某种方式的解释或说明:
n. [C, U] 某种方式的理解:
n. [C, U] 一个人对乐曲的演绎方式、演奏方式:
interpretation |[ɪnˌtɜ:prɪˈteɪʃn;美-ˌtɜ:rp-]
a modern interpretation of ‘King Lear’《李尔王》的现代演绎 
her full-bodied interpretation of the role of Micaela 她对米凯拉这个角色全身心的演绎 
The film lends itself to a fairly straightforward interpretation. 该影片适合采用比较直白的表演方式。
Her evidence suggests a different interpretation of the events. 她的证据显示这些事件可能有另外一种解释。
It is not possible for everyone to put their own interpretation on the law. 不可能让每个人自行阐释法律。
The opposition Conservative Party put a different interpretation on the figures. 反对党保守党对这些数字提出一番不同的解释。
Analysis and interpretation is a very personal thing. 分析与说明是个很主观的事情。
artistic interpretation 艺术的诠释 
historical, textual, theological interpretation 历史角度的诠释；基于文本的解释；神学的解释 
feminist historical interpretations of marriage customs 女性主义关于婚俗的历史解读 
Biblical, scriptural（尤美）interpretation《圣经》解释 
His writings reflect his conservative views on Biblical interpretation. 他的作品反映了他对《圣经》解读所持的保守观点。
constitutional（尤美）, judicial, statutory interpretation 宪法解释；司法解释；法规解释 
In any system of law, there is an inevitable element of judicial interpretation. 在任何法律体系中都不可避免地存在着司法解释。
Scientists made an interpretation based on the data available. 科学家根据掌握的数据作出了解释。
Most modern historians support this interpretation. 多数现代历史学家支持这种解释。
She challenges many orthodox interpretations of religious texts. 她质疑宗教文本的许多正统解释。
His work defies simplistic interpretation. 他的作品不能进行简单化的解释。
It is possible to put an entirely different interpretation on her comments. 对她的那些评论作出完全不同的解释是可能的。
Dreams are open to interpretation (= they can be explained in different ways). 梦可以作各种诠释。
The wording of this section of the contract is open to interpretation. 合同中这一部分的措辞可以有不同的理解。
The meaning of the incident is open to subjective interpretation. 这一事件的意义可能见仁见智。
In practice, this law is often given a wide interpretation by the police. 在实际操作中，警察对这条法律的理解常常很宽泛。

adj.（物体）能够看到和感觉到的，即有形的；实物的:
adj. 由混凝土制成的:
n. [U]（由水泥、沙子、小石块和水混合而成的）混凝土（是一种建筑材料）:
vt. concrete sth (over) 用混凝土覆盖:
adj. 基于事实的（而非基于想象或猜测的）；明确具体的:
concrete |['kɒŋkri:t]
using concrete objects to teach addition and subtraction 用实物教加减法运算 
a concrete noun 具体名词（即具有物理形态的物体的名词，而非关于品质或思想的名词）
a concrete floor 混凝土地面 
concrete block, concrete slab 混凝土砌块；混凝土板 
concrete building, concrete floor, concrete wall 混凝土建筑；混凝土地面；混凝土墙 
I do not regard this plan as set in concrete.（比喻用法）我认为这个计划并非不可更改。
The garden had been concreted over. 花园里铺设了混凝土。
He merely cleared and concreted the floors. 他只是清理了地板并浇上了混凝土。
concrete evidence, concrete proposals, concrete proof 确凿的证据；具体的建议；确实的证明 
‘It’s only a suspicion,’ she said,‘nothing concrete.’ “那只是怀疑，”她说，“没有任何确实的依据。”
to think in concrete terms 结合具体的事物来思考

n. [C] 可提供的额外服务（只是起到锦上添花的作用）:
n. [C] 可提供额外服务的特色等（这些附加特色并非必需，只是起到锦上添花的作用），有时可翻译为“工具”:
n. [C] [尤美] 有特定用途的场所（常包括建筑物）:
n. [sing., U] ~ (for sth)（让学习或做事更容易的）天赋才能、天资:
n. [C] 可提供额外服务的特色等（这些附加特色并非必需，只是起到锦上添花的作用），有时可翻译为“工具”:
n. [C] 可提供额外服务的机器:
n. [C] 可提供额外服务的特色等（这些附加特色并非必需，只是起到锦上添花的作用）:
n. [尤美] 有特定用途的体育场所（常包括建筑物）:
n. [pl.]（为某一目的所提供的）设施（如建筑物、服务设施、设备等）:
facility |[fəˈsɪləti]
The archive offers a central facility for cataloguing and indexing data. 档案馆提供编制数据目录和索引的集中服务。
training and other support facilities 培训及其他支援服务 
credit, loan, over-draft（英）facility 信贷服务；贷款服务；透支服务 
a bank account with an overdraft facility 提供透支服务的银行账户
editing, help, mail, search facility（均为计算机用语）编辑工具；帮助工具；电邮工具；搜索工具 
a facility for checking spelling 检查拼写的工具
large facility 大型场所 
50 000-square-foot facility 50，000 平方英尺等的场所 
modern, state-of-the-art facility 现代化的建筑物；最先进的建筑物 
purpose built facility（英）特定用途的场所 
plans to renovate an existing facility 现有场所的整修计划 
a temporary storage facility for blood samples 暂时存放血液样本的场所 
residents of long-term care facilities 生活在长期护理机构中的人们 
prisoners in state and federal facilities 关押在州与联邦监狱中的犯人 
community, public facility 社区场所；公共机构 
private facility 私人场所 
commercial, industrial facility 商业机构；工业机构 
maintenance, manufacturing, processing, production, storage, testing, transport, treatment facility 保养场所；生产场所；加工场所；制造场所；储存场所；测试场所；运输场所；处理场所 
a water treatment facility 水处理厂 
the world's largest nuclear waste facility 世界最大的核废料处理场所 
correctional, detention facility 管教所；拘留所 
He spent 90 days at the county's local correctional facility. 他在那个县的地方管教所里待了90天。
military facility 军事场所 
weapons facility 兵工厂 
chemical, nuclear facility 化工厂；核工厂 
health, health-care, hospital, medical facility 健康机构；保健场所；医院大楼；医疗机构 
a mental health facility 一家心理卫生医院 
The problem lies in getting patients to a medical facility as soon as possible. 问题在于要把病人尽快送至医院。
dining facility 就餐场所 
childcare, day-care facility 儿童保育园；日托托儿所 
educational, training facility 教育机构；培训机构 
fitness, sports facility 健身房；运动场所 
She trains with the team at their practice facility. 她和球队在练习场地上训练。
research facility 研究机构 
lab（非正式）, laboratory facility 实验室大楼 
communication, communications facility 通信大楼 
The company expects to open its facility by late September. 预计这家公司将在9月底前将其大楼对外开放。
The old facility is now used for storage of dry products. 这座旧厂房现在用来存放干燥的产品。
A doctor visited the facility and found deplorable conditions. 一位医生参观了该场所，发现条件很糟糕。
a production facility located in New Mexico 设在新墨西哥的厂房 
The 100 000 square-foot facility houses labs for NASA's research. 这座100，000平方英尺的大楼里有美国航空航天局的研究实验室。
a new facility for military training一个新的军事训练场所
She has a facility for languages. 她有语言天赋。
Smell is a very basic sense but humans have lost much of the facility to use it properly. 嗅觉是一种非常基本的官能，但人类已经丧失了恰当使用这种官能的大部分能力。
He played with great facility. 他表现出很高的天分。
She showed an amazing facility for mind-reading. 她表现出能看透他人心思的惊人天赋。
editing, help, mail, search facility（均为计算机用语）编辑工具；帮助工具；电邮工具；搜索工具 
a facility for checking spelling 检查拼写的工具
The report warns that there are no backup facilities if the reprocessing plant breaks down. 报告警告说如果处理工厂垮掉，就没有备用设施了。
One of the new models has the facility to reproduce speech as well as text. 新型号中有一款具备复读和文本复制的功能。
The archive offers a central facility for cataloguing and indexing data. 档案馆提供编制数据目录和索引的集中服务。
training and other support facilities 培训及其他支援服务 
credit, loan, over-draft（英）facility 信贷服务；贷款服务；透支服务 
a bank account with an overdraft facility 提供透支服务的银行账户 
editing, help, mail, search facility（均为计算机用语）编辑工具；帮助工具；电邮工具；搜索工具 
The software's list' facility allows users to compile their own list. 该软件的"列单"功能可使用户编辑自己的目录。
a facility for checking spelling 检查拼写的工具 
The device has a facility for storing any sound you like. 这个装置有一个功能，可以保存你喜欢的任何声音。
fitness, sports facility 健身房；运动场所 
She trains with the team at their practice facility. 她和球队在练习场地上训练。
The hotel has special facilities for welcoming disabled people. 这家旅馆有专供残疾人使用的设施。
a hotel with only basic facilities 仅有基本设施的旅馆 
We are looking to upgrade the existing facilities. 我们正考虑改善现有的设施。
to improve access to essential facilities 改善必要设施的使用条件 
community（尤英）, local facilities 社区设施；当地设施 
hospitals, schools and other major community facilities 医院、学校及其他主要的社区设施 
The communal facilities were in a bad state. 这些公共设施的状况很糟糕。
public facilities 公用设施 
disabled facilities（英）供残疾人使用的设施。
conference facilities 会议设施 
airport, hotel facilities 机场设施；宾馆设施 
bar facilities（英）酒吧设施 
leisure（尤英）, recreational, social（尤英）休闲设施；娱乐设施；社交场所 
sporting（尤英）, sports facilities 体育设施 
play facilities（尤英）游戏设施 
transport（尤英）, transportation（尤美）, travel（尤英）交通设施；运输设施；旅行设施 
parking facilities 停车设施 
shopping facilities（尤英）购物设施 
dining facilities 就餐设施 
catering（英）, cooking（尤英）, kitchen（尤英）facilities 餐饮设施；炊事设备；厨房设备 
baby-changing（英）, bathroom, laundry, sanitary, shower, toilet（英）, washing（尤英）facilities 婴儿尿布更换设施；洗浴设施；洗衣设施；卫生淋浴设施；卫生间设施；洗涤设施 
en suite facilities（尤英）卧室配套设备 
All bedrooms offer private facilities(= a private bathroom). 所有卧室都有单独的浴室。
health, health-care, hospital, medical facilities 健康设施；保健设施；医院设施；医疗设施 
childcare, creche（英）, day-care, nursery（尤英）facilities 儿童保育设施；日托托儿所设施；托儿所设施 
educational, training facilities 教育设施；培训设施 
library, research facilities 图书馆设施；研究设施 
laboratory facilities 实验室设施 
I made full use of the computing facilities. 我充分利用了计算设备。
Facilities include a large indoor pool, jacuzzi and sauna. 设施包括一个大型室内游泳池、按摩浴缸和桑拿房。
facilities management, facilities manager 设施的管理；设施管理人 
The school has no facilities for the teaching of music. 这所学校没有音乐教学设施。
The hotel provides excellent facilities for children. 这家旅馆的儿童设施十分完善。
a range of facilities一系列设施


facilities | ,设备,配套
