convert							转变，换算
prompt							及时的，促使
weave								织，编造，编排，迂回前行，摇摇晃晃
conformity							遵守，符合
strict conformity					绝对盲从
inaction							无行动，不活跃
trim								修剪，缩短，除去，装饰，整洁的
irony								反语，具有讽刺意味的事
a touch irony						一丝嘲讽
monopolize							垄断，完全占据
workload							工作量
complicated						复杂的，棘手的
property							财产，住宅，特性
intellectual property					知识产权
underrepresented						未被充分代表的
philosophy							哲学，理念
regime							政权，养生法
bizarre							古怪的
ruin								毁坏
inspire							鼓舞，使产生，激起
deforestation						砍伐森林
exceptional						例外的，杰出的
hazard							危险
upgrade							改进，给...升级
abnormally							异常的
accidentally						意外的，偶然的
frontier							边界，前沿
considerable						相当大的，著名的
legalize							使合法化
dispensable						可有可无的
certify							证明
insurer							保险公司，承保人
overstate							夸大
\\\\\\\\

vt. 使某人迷上某事，使某人热衷于:
n. [C] 刚迷上…的人；最近开始热衷于…的人:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (from sth) (into/to sth)（使）…转换或转变到另一种形式、目的、体制等:
vi. ~ into/to sth 能被转换或转变到另一种形式、目的、体制等:
vt.&vi. ~ (sb) (from sth) (to sth)（使）某人改变宗教或信仰:
vt.&vi. ~ (sb) (from sb) (to sth)（使）改变（观点、习惯等）:
n. [C] ~ (from sth) (to sth) 改变宗教、信仰、观点等的人；皈依者:
vt. 在橄榄球和美式足球中，（在持球触地或持球越过对方球门线得分后）获得附加分:
convert |[kənˈvɜ:t;美-ˈvɜ:rt]
He quickly converted me to the joys of cross-country skiing. 他很快就使我迷上了越野滑雪。
recent converts to vegetarianism 最近开始热衷于素食主义的人
The hotel is going to be converted into a nursing home. 那家旅馆将被改建成私人疗养院。
the entrepreneur who wants to convert County Hall into an hotel 想把市政厅改建成旅馆的企业家 
By converting the loft, they were able to have two extra bedrooms. 把阁楼改造一下，他们就可以多出两间卧室。
Save money by converting your car to unleaded. 将车改装一下，使用无铅汽油，这样可以省钱。
The programme to convert every gas burner in Britain took 10 years. 完成对英国所有煤气灶的改造花了10年时间。
We've converted from oil to gas central heating. 我们已经把中央供热系统由燃油改成了燃气。
What rate will I get if I convert my dollars into euros? 如果我把美元兑换成欧元，汇率是多少？
Converting metric measurements to U.S. equivalents is easy. 将公制计量换算成美制计量非常简单。
The signal will be converted into digital code. 信号会被转变为数字代码。
naturally occurring substances which the body can convert into vitamins 自然产生的能被身体转化成维生素的物质 
a sofa that converts into a bed 可改作床用的沙发 
He converted from Christianity to Islam. 他由基督教改信伊斯兰教。
She was soon converted to the socialist cause. 她不久便转而献身于社会主义事业了。
He was a major influence in converting Godwin to political radicalism. 戈德温变成政治激进主义者主要是受他的影响。
If you try to convert him, you could find he just walks away. 如果你试图改变他的信仰，他就会走开。
I've converted to organic food. 我改吃有机食物了。
I didn't use to like opera but my husband has converted me. 我过去不喜欢歌剧，但我丈夫改变了我。
Catholic, Jewish convert 天主教的皈依者；犹太教的皈依者 
a convert to Islam 改信伊斯兰教的人 
converts from other faiths 来自其他宗教信仰的皈依者 
Pope Clement was a convert from paganism. 克雷芒教皇是来自异教的皈依者 
a convert to the cause 一个转而支持这项事业的人

adj.（人）做事不拖延的，即立即的、迅速的、及时的。相当于immediate:
adj. [不用于名词前]（人）准时到达的。相当于punctual:
adv. 准时地:
vt.（通过给某人提问题或给其提醒话语来）鼓励某人说话:
vt. 促使某人决定做某事；导致某事发生:
vt.&vi. 给演员在忘词的时候提醒词语:
n. [C]（给演员的）提示词:
n. [C] [计算机] 提示符（计算机屏幕上显示的，表明某项任务已经完成，并做好了执行新任务的准备的一个符号）:
vt. [计算机] 用提示符提示你下一步的任务:
vt.（通过给某人提问题或给其提醒话语来）提示某人说话:
prompt |[prɒmpt;美prɑ:mpt]
Prompt action was required as the fire spread. 由于火势蔓延，须要立即采取行动。
It is not too late, but prompt action is needed. 现在还不算晚，但是需要立即采取行动。
an inflammation of the eyeball which needs prompt treatment 需要立即治疗的眼球炎症 
Prompt payment of the invoice would be appreciated. 见发票即付款，将不胜感激。
You have been so prompt in carrying out all these commissions. 你执行所有这些命令可真够迅速的。
We didn't worry because they were always so prompt with their rental payment. 我们不担心，因为他们交租金总是非常及时。
Please be prompt when attending these meetings. 参加上述会议，请准时出席。
The meeting will begin at ten o'clock prompt. 会议将于十点钟准时开始。
‘And then what happened? ’ he prompted. “后来怎样了？”他鼓励对方继续说下去。
'Go on,' the therapist prompted him. “接着说，”医生鼓励他道。
The discovery of the bomb prompted an increase in security. 此次发现炸弹促使当局加强了安全工作。
His speech prompted an angry outburst from a man in the crowd. 他的讲话激起了人群中一男子的愤怒。
The thought of her daughter's wedding day prompted her to lose some weight. 对女儿婚期的操心使她消瘦不少。
Japan's recession has prompted consumers to cut back on buying cars. 日本经济的不景气使得消费者在购买车辆上减少了开支。
The need for villagers to control their own destinies has prompted a new plan. 村民们想要掌握自己的命运，这促成了一项新的计划。
The program will prompt you to enter data where required. 这个程序在必要时将提醒你输入数据。
She was too nervous to speak and had to be prompted. 她紧张得说不出话来，只好听人提示。

~ sth (together) 编织（篮子等）:
~ B (into A) 用花、木头等编成…:
~ sth (together)（用手工或机器）编织（衣服、地毯等）:
n. [C] 编织法；编织式样或图案:
vt.&vi. 迂回地跑着穿行（以避开路上的障碍）:
~ sth (together) 把事实、事件、细节等编成一个故事，或编成一个紧密联系的整体:
weave |[wi:v]
vt.&vi. ~ A (from B) 
~ B (into A) 
The baskets are woven from strips of willow. 这些篮子是用柳条编的。
The strips of willow are woven into baskets. 用柳条编成篮子。
Most spiders weave webs that are almost invisible. 大多数蜘蛛可结成几乎看不见的网。
vt. ~ A (out of/from B) 
She deftly wove the flowers into a garland. 她灵巧地把花编成了一个花环。
vt.&vi. ~ A (from B) 
~ B (into A) 
threads woven together 织在一起的线 
The threads are woven together. 这些线编织在一起。
A pattern is woven into the fabric. 在织物上编织出图案。
They would spin and weave cloth, cook and attend to the domestic side of life. 她们纺纱、织布、煮饭以及料理家务。
In one room, young mothers weave while babies doze in their laps. 在一间屋子里，年轻的母亲们在织布，而她们的孩子就在她们膝上打盹。
She is skilled at spinning and weaving. 她是纺织能手。
Fabrics with a close weave are ideal for painting. 编织紧密的布最适合作画。    
She was weaving in and out of the traffic. 她在来往的车辆中穿来穿去。
The road weaves through a range of hills. 这条路在群山中绕来绕去。
He had to weave his way through the milling crowds. 他不得不在来回乱转的人群中穿梭而行。
The cars then weaved in and out of traffic at top speed. 这些轿车就在车流中全速穿行。
He weaved around the tables to where she sat with Bob. 他绕过一张张桌子，走到她和鲍勃坐着的地方。
vt. ~ sth (into sth) 
to weave a narrative 编故事 
Jan Roberts weaves a compelling tale which traps a young woman in a world run by the Mafia. 简·罗伯茨编了一个引人入胜的故事，诱骗一位年轻女性进入了黑手党的地盘。
She weaves imaginative elements into her poems. 她在诗中编织着奇思妙想。
Bragg weaves together the histories of his main characters. 布拉格把他主要人物的身世都串在一起。
The biography weaves together the various strands of Einstein's life. 这部传记把爱因斯坦一生的各个方面编纂成书。
Hall skilfuly/skillfully weaves the historical research into a gripping narrative. 霍尔巧妙地把历史研究揉进了扣人心弦的故事叙述里。
The author seamlessly weaves together the stories of three people's lives. 作者将三个人物的生活经历完美地结合在一起。
Comedy and tragedy are inextricably woven into her fiction. 在她的小说中，喜剧和悲剧错综交织。

n. 1 [U] [正式] ~ (to/with sth)（对法律、社会规则、个人意愿等的）遵守、遵从:
2 [U] 按照大多数人的方式来做事:
conformity |[kənˈfɔ:məti;美-ˈfɔ:rm-]
The prime minister is, in conformity with the constitution, chosen by the president. 依照宪法，首相由总统选定。
conformity to the accepted standards 依照公认的标准 
to bring national laws into conformity with international conventions 使国家法律与国际惯例一致 
The procedure is in strict conformity with standard international practices. 这一程序同标准的国际惯例完全一致。
They do not observe rigid conformity to the doctrines of the church. 他们不是刻板地遵守教会的教义。
Excessive conformity is usually caused by fear of disapproval. 过于墨守成规通常都是由于担心得不到认可。
Pressure appears to be mounting for conformity in how people speak English. 要求人们讲规范英语的压力似乎越来越大。
They act in unthinking conformity to customs. 他们总是一味地按风俗习惯行事。
cultural, ideological, political, religious, social conformity 文化一致；意识形态一致；政治一致；宗教从众；社会从众 
a society of outward religious conformity 表面上宗教信仰一致的社会 
Governments often invoke patriotism to enforce conformity. 政府往往利用爱国主义来实现步调一致。
to achieve conformity between all the plans 实现所有计划协调一致 
We work to ensure conformity with the customer's wishes. 我们努力确保满足顾客的愿望。

lack of action where some is expected or appropriate:缺乏预期或适当的行动
inaction |ɪnˈakʃn| Noun/:不作为,无所作为
future generations will condemn us for inaction:子孙后代会谴责我们的无所作为

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sth (with sth) 装饰，尤指沿着某事物的边缘来装饰:
n. [U, sing.]（衣服、家具、汽车等的）饰物，尤指饰边:
vt. 削减、缩减:
adj.（人）看上去苗条、健康而吸引人的，如修长的:
vt. 修剪头发或胡须:
n. [C, U] 修剪，尤指对毛发的修剪:
adj. 精心照管的:
adj. 整齐的、井然有序的:
~ sth (off/away) 切去、剪掉、割掉不必要的部分:
2 修剪…（使其更整洁、更小、更好）:
n. [C, U] 修剪，尤指对树木的修剪:
trim |[trɪm]
gloves trimmed with fur 毛皮镶边的手套 
jackets, which are then trimmed with crocheted flowers 另外以钩花镶边的夹克 
I am wearing a plaid nightgown trimmed with white lace. 我穿着一件带有白色蕾丝花边的格子呢睡衣。
The car is available with black or red trim (= the colour of the seats). 这款汽车的座椅有黑红两种颜色。
a blue jacket with a white trim 镶有白边的蓝色上衣 
a white satin scarf with black trim 黑边白缎围巾 
The saddles feature a reflective trim for night time visibility. 这些车座的特点是带有在夜间可视的反光镶边。
The training budget had been trimmed by £10 000. 培训预算削减了1万英镑。
American companies looked at ways they could trim these costs. 美国公司研究了能够削减这些成本的方法。
The board will be trimmed down to eight members. 董事会成员将削减至八名。
We trimmed the marketing department. 我们缩小了市场营销部的规模。                 
She has kept very trim. 她的身材保持得很苗条。
a trim figure 修长的身材 
The driver was a trim young woman of perhaps thirty. 司机是个大约 30 岁的身材苗条的年轻女子。           
to trim your hair 理发 
My friend trims my hair every eight weeks. 我朋友每八个星期为我修剪一次头发。
his neatly trimmed moustache 他那修剪齐整的胡须 
a wash and trim 洗头理发
a trim garden 精心管理的花园
The neighbours' gardens were trim and neat. 邻居们的花园整洁美观。
the trim houses 整齐的房舍
vt. 1 ~ sth (off sth) 
Trim any excess fat off the meat. 把多余的肥膘从肉上切掉。
I trimmed two centimetres off the hem of the skirt. 我把裙子的下摆剪短了两厘米。
a perfectly trimmed lawn 一处修剪完美的草坪 
to trim the bush into a heart shape 把灌木丛修剪成心形 
to trim a hedge (back) 修剪树篱 
Trim away the lower leaves. 修剪掉下面的叶子。
Grass shears are specially made to trim grass growing in awkward places. 除草剪刀专门用于修剪缝隙角落里的青草。
The hedge needs a trim. 这树篱得修剪了。

n. 1 [U, C]（出乎意料的）奇异可笑之处；有讽刺意味的情况:
2 [U]（常指笑话中的）反语；反话:
irony |[ˈaɪrəni]
The irony is that when he finally got the job, he discovered he didn't like it. 讽刺的是，当他最终得到那份工作时，他发现自己并不喜欢它。
It was one of life's little ironies. 那是生活中的一个小小的嘲弄。
The irony is that many officials in Washington agree in private that their policy is inconsistent. 具有讽刺意味的是，华盛顿的很多官员都私下里承认他们的政策前后不一致。
Opposition parties lost no time in stressing the irony of his return to power after being rejected by voters in November. 他11月份遭选民否决后又重新上台，反对党马上对这一讽刺性现象大做文章。
‘England is famous for its food,’ she said with heavy irony. “英格兰的食物很有名哪。”她极其讽刺地说道。
There was a note of irony in his voice. 他的声音里有一丝挖苦的味道。
She said it without a hint/trace of irony. 她说此话没有一点嘲讽之意。
They find only irony in the narrator's concern. 他们发现叙述者只是一味地嘲讽。
Sinclair examined the closed, clever face for any hint of irony, but found none. 辛克莱审视着那张不动声色的精明的脸庞，试图寻找任何冷嘲的迹象，但是却什么都没发现。

(of an organization or group) obtain exclusive possession or control of (a trade, commodity, or service):（组织或团体的）获得对（贸易、商品或服务）的独家占有或控制
have or take the greatest share of:拥有或占据最大份额
get or keep exclusively to oneself:得到或自己独享
monopolize |məˈnɒpəlʌɪz| Verb/:独占,垄断
they instituted press censorship and monopolized the means of communication:他们建立了新闻审查制度并垄断了通讯手段
the bigger clubs monopolize the most profitable sponsorships and TV deals:更大的俱乐部垄断了最赚钱的赞助和电视交易
Sophie monopolized the guest of honour for most of the evening:Sophie独占了当晚大部分时间的主宾

n. [C] 一个人（或组织机构）的工作量:
workload |[ˈwɜ:kləʊd;美ˈwɜ:rkloʊd]
The sudden cancellation of Mr Blair's trip was due to his heavy workload. 布莱尔先生因为工作繁重而突然取消行程。
We have taken on extra staff to cope with the increased workload. 我们已经额外雇用员工来应付增加了的工作量。
administrative 行政工作负荷 
An assistant one day a week would ease my workload. 每周有一天配一个助手就会减轻我的工作负担。
We want to try and distribute the workload more evenly. 我们想设法更为公平地分配工作。
Doctors are having to cope with an ever-expanding workload. 医生不得不应付日益增加的工作量。

adj. 由很多相联系的事物或部分组成的（即复杂的）；难以理解的；难处理的:
complicated |[ˈkɒmplɪkeɪtɪd;美ˈkɑ:m-]
a complicated system 复杂的系统 
a very complicated voting system 非常复杂的选举体制 
The instructions look very complicated. 这说明书看起来很难懂。
It's all very complicated─but I'll try and explain. 尽管这一切都很难理解，但我会尽力解释。
It all sounds very complicated. 听起来一切都非常复杂。
This is where the story gets complicated. 故事从这儿开始变得复杂起来。
The situation in Lebanon is very complicated. 黎巴嫩的情况十分复杂。
The world of finance is fiendishly complicated. 金融界极度复杂。

n. [C, usually pl.] [正式] 某事物的特性、性质:
n. 1 [U] 某人所拥有的东西，所有物、财物、财产:
2 [U, C] 土地和建筑物，即不动产、房地产；也可指建筑物和其周围的土地:
property |[ˈprɒpəti;美ˈprɑ:pərti]
biological, chemical, electrical, magnetic, mechanical, physical, structural property 生物特性；化学特性；电的特性；磁性；机械特性；物理特性；结构特性 
A radio signal has both electrical and magnetic properties. 无线电信号具有电、磁双重属性。
antiseptic, healing, health-giving（英）, medicinal property 防腐特性；愈合特性；增进健康的特性；药性 
a plant with medicinal properties 药用植物 
The medicinal properties of the leaves of this tree have been known for centuries. 这种树叶的药性几个世纪前已为人所知。
inherent, intrinsic property 固有属性；内在属性 
basic, essential property 基本属性；根本属性 
The substance has properties similar to plastic. 该物质的性质类似于塑料。
personal, private property 个人财产；私有财产 
Richard could easily destroy her personal property to punish her for walking out on him. 理查德能轻易毁掉她的私人财产来惩罚她对他的背叛。
Be careful not to damage other people's property. 小心别损及别人的财物。
common, public property 公共财产 
This building is government property. 这座大楼是政府的财产。
intellectual property 知识产权 
Companies should protect their intellectual property with patents and trademarks. 公司应该通过申请专利和注册商标保护自己的知识产权。
stolen property 失窃财产 
lost property（英）丢失的物品 
I phoned the lost property office to see if someone had found my bag. 我给失物招领处打电话，询问是否有人找到了我的包。
The market was known as a place where people disposed of stolen property. 大家都知道那个市场是个销赃的地方。
The firm was found to have infringed intellectual property rights. 这家公司被判侵犯了知识产权。
Charisma isn't the exclusive property of movie stars. 魅力不是电影明星的独家财产。
freehold, leasehold property（均英）终身保有的不动产；租赁的房地产 
detached, semi-detached property（均英）独立式房屋；半独立式房屋 
separate property 独栋房屋 
two-bedroom property（尤英）两居室的房屋 
business, commercial, hotel, residential property 营业地产；商用地产；酒店物业；住宅物业 
investment property 投资性房地产 
private property 私有房产 
This vehicle has been parked on private property. 这辆车停在了私人地产上。
Students are not allowed on school property outside of school hours. 学生不准在非上课期间进入学校的房子。
family property 家族物业 
Cecil inherited a family property near Stamford. 塞西尔继承了斯坦福德附近的一处家族房产。
beachfront, waterfront property 海滨房产；滨水房产 
desirable property 令人心仪的房地产 
They decided to rent out the property while they were abroad. 他们决定在去国外期间把房屋租出去。
They are living in rented property.（英）他们现在住在租来的房子里。
We have a potential buyer who wants to view the property. 有个潜在的购房者要来看房。
The property was valued at £250,000. 这处房地产的估价为25万美元。
Once the tenants have left, the property will be put on the market. 一旦房客离开，这处房子就会在市场上出售。
property market, property prices, property values 房地产市场；房地产价格；房地产价值 
property company, property developer 房地产公司；房地产开发商 
property owner 房地产所有者 
property tax 不动产税 
property law 物业法 
property crime, property damage 财产犯罪；财产损害 
a man of property（常为幽默用法）
How does it feel to be a woman of property? 作为有房子的女人有何种感觉？
The price of property has risen enormously. 房地产的价格大幅上升了。
There are a lot of empty properties in the area. 这个地区有大量的闲置房地产。


underrepresented | 代表性不足,未被充分代表

n. 1 [U] 哲学:
2 [C] 哲学思想；哲学体系；哲学理论:
3 [C]（对人的行为起指导作用的）人生哲学；生活的信条（或态度）:
philosophy |[fəˈlɒsəfi;美-ˈlɑ:s-]
classical philosophy 古典哲学 
Eastern philosophy 西方哲学 
political philosophy 政治哲学 
moral philosophy 道德哲学 
social philosophy 社会哲学 
existential philosophy 存在主义哲学 
the philosophy of science 科学原理 
a professor of philosophy 哲学教授 
a degree in philosophy 哲学学位 
He studied philosophy and psychology at Cambridge. 他在剑桥大学学习哲学和心理学。
traditional Chinese philosophy 中国传统哲学 
the philosophy of Jung 荣格的哲学体系 
the philosophies of Socrates, Plato, and Aristotle 苏格拉底、柏拉图和亚里士多德的哲学思想 
humanism--the prevailing philosophy today in the Western world 人文主义——当今西方世界盛行的哲学思想体系 
design, economic, educational, management, market, political, religious, social 设计理念；经济原理；教育理念；管理理念；市场理念；政治思想体系；宗教思想体系；社会思想体系 ◇ a furniture-maker's design philosophy 家具制造商的设计理念 
a whole spectrum of political philosophies 完整的政治哲学体系 
The new measures were introduced with no explanation of the philosophy behind them. 新措施推行时没有解释其包含的理念。
The best philosophy is to change your food habits to a low-sugar, high-fibre diet. 最好的生活方式是改变饮食习惯，食用低糖、高纤维食品。
When I interviewed Shakira I felt in tune with her philosophy of life. 采访莎基拉时，我觉得自己和她的人生哲学很合拍。
Her philosophy of life is to take every opportunity that presents itself. 她的处世态度是不放过任何呈现眼前的机会。
the homespun philosophy that kept her going during this difficult period（homespun尤为英式用法）支撑她度过这一艰难时期的朴素的人生哲学 
Over the years he has developed his own personal philosophy. 多年来、他已形成了一套自己的处世哲学。
We share the same guiding philosophy. 我们的指导思想一致。
Does this in any way reflect your own philosophy? 这是否以某种方式表明了你自己的哲学理念? 
personal philosophy 个人理念 
corporate philosophy 企业理念 
conservative, liberal philosophy 保守的人生哲学；自由的生活态度

n. [C] 一些人为保持健康或美丽而遵循的一套饮食、锻炼或健美规则，如养生法，相当于regimen:
n. [C]（机构、公司、经济等的）组织方式或管理制度:
n. [C]（尤指未通过公正选举而产生，因此非民主且统治手段不被认可的）统治方式或制度，即政权、政体（有一种批评意味）:
regime |[reɪˈʒi:m]
exercise, fitness, health, training 锻炼规则；健身规则；训练规则 
dietary regime 饮食规则 
drug, treatment regime 药物疗法；治疗方法 
A strict regime of exercise was imposed on the children. 在孩子当中强制推行了一项严格的锻炼规则。
He suggested to me that I follow his fitness regime. 他建议我学习他的健身方法。
He has a new fitness regime to strengthen his back. 他有一个增强背部力量的新健身计划。
economic, financial, fiscal, legal, monetary, regulatory regime 经济制度；金融制度；财政制度；法律制度；货币制度；规章制度 
a financial regime imposed by the government 政府实施的金融制度 
tax, trade, trading regime 税务体制；贸易体制 
safety regime（尤英）安全体系 
the company's outstanding safety regime 该公司出色的安全体系 
a challenge to the global nuclear non-proliferation regime 对全球核不扩散制度的挑战 
the UN-enforced sanctions regime 联合国实施的制裁制度 
It will be necessary to create a regime to monitor compliance with the agreements. 有必要建立一个机制来监督协议的遵守其情况。
Under the new regime you will be liable for automatic penalties for late submission of tax returns. 在新规定下，迟交纳税申报单必会受到处罚。
the new regime for accounting for charities 针对慈善机构账目处理的新制度 
The authorities moved him to the less rigid regime of an open prison. 当局把他转到一个管制不那么严格的开放式监狱。
a drastic regime of economic reform and financial discipline 雷厉风行的经济改革和财经纪律
Crowds celebrated the downfall of the old regime. 成群的人们欢庆旧政权的垮台。
An interim government was elected to replace the ousted regime. 选出了一个临时政府以取代被赶下台的政权。
political regime 政权 
conservative, liberal, radical regime 保守的政权；开明的政权；激进的政权 
authoritarian, autocratic, despotic, dictatorial, fundamentalist, totalitarian, tyrannical, undemocratic regime 独裁政权；专制政权；集权主义政权；原教旨主义政权 
dictatorships and autocratic regimes 独裁与专制政权 
The tyrannical regime violently repressed any opposition. 这个独裁政权用暴力镇压任何反抗。
brutal, hard-line, harsh, murderous, oppressive, repressive regime 残暴的政权；强硬的政权；凶残的政权；压迫民众的政权；实行高压政策的政权 
corrupt regime 腐败的政权 
hostile regime 怀有敌意的政权 
outlaw, rogue regime 非法的政权；胡作非为的政权 
democratic, fascist, nationalist regime 民主政权；法西斯政权；民族主义政权 
constitutional, parliamentary regime 立宪政权；议会制度 
revolutionary regime 革命政权 
military regime 军事政权 
colonial regime 殖民政权 
secular, theocratic regime 世俗政权；神权政权（或称政教合一的政权）
puppet regime 傀儡政权 
In 1940 a puppet regime was established by the invaders. 侵略者与1940年建立了一个傀儡政权。
the day he and his regime are removed from power 他和他的政权被赶下台的那天 
Education was seen as a way of bolstering the existing regime. 教育被认为是巩固现政权的一种方式。
a military regime headed by the general 以将军为首的军事政权 
The regime came to power in 1975. 该政权与1975年上台执政。
These regimes pose a grave and growing danger. 这些政权构成日益严重的威胁。
the real war aim of regime change 改变政权的真实战争目的 
She called for sanctions against the regime. 她呼吁制裁该政权。
He spoke of the abhorrent crimes that had been committed under the regime. 他说起那个政权曾犯下的种种可憎的暴行。
a military regime under Franco 佛朗哥统治下的军事政权 
Pujol was imprisoned and tortured under the Franco regime. 普约尔在佛朗哥政权统治时期受到了监禁和折磨。

adj. 极其古怪的:
bizarre |[bɪˈzɑ:(r)]
bizarre situation, bizarre incident, bizarre story 稀奇古怪的局势；稀奇古怪的事件；稀奇古怪的故事 
bizarre behaviour 古怪的行为 
The game was also notable for the bizarre behaviour of the team's manager. 这场比赛也因球队主教练怪异的举动而尽人皆知。
You know, that book you lent me is really bizarre. 你知道吗，你借给我的那本书真的很怪诞。
I found the whole situation very bizarre. 我觉得整个情况很奇怪。
It's a pretty bizarre movie. 这是一部颇为怪异的电影。
He walked off in a most bizarre fashion. 他十分古怪地愤然离去。
He made some totally bizarre comments. 他的一些评论十分荒诞。

vt. 1 破坏…以使其失去全部价值、快乐等，相当于wreck。强调毁灭的彻底性:
2 使…失去其全部金钱、地位等:
n. 1 [U] 破坏，毁坏，毁灭:
2 [U] 金钱、工作或地位等的失去:
3 [C] 使一个人或公司失去所有金钱、工作或地位的原因，相当于downfall:
4 [C] 也用ruins，表示建筑物被毁坏后的断壁残垣或废墟:
ruin |['ru:ɪn]
The bad weather ruined our trip. 天气恶劣，破坏了我们的行程。
to ruin her hopes, to ruin her chances 使她的希望破灭；毁了她的机会 
My new shoes got ruined in the mud. 我的新鞋被泥浆给糟蹋了。
If she loses the court case it will ruin her. 如果败诉，她就完了。
The long legal battle ruined him financially. 旷日持久的官司使他倾家荡产。
The country was ruined by the war. 这个国家因战争而遭到严重破坏。
The experience has completely ruined her life. 这次经历彻底毁了她的一生。
The house gradually fell into ruin. 这栋房子渐渐破败不堪。
economic, financial ruin 经济毁灭；财务破产 
The divorce ultimately led to his ruin. 离婚最终使得他一贫如洗。
The company faces ruin. 这家公司面临破产。
He’s on the road to political ruin. 他在政治上已经处于穷途末路了。
Gambling was his ruin. 赌博毁了他。
ancient, old ruin 古代废墟；旧时废墟 
charred, smoking ruin 烧焦的废墟；冒烟的废墟 
The church now lies in ruins. 教堂现在成了废墟。
The earthquake left the town in ruins. 地震使这个城镇化为废墟。
He was determined to build a new life out of the ruins of his career.（比喻用法）他决心从事业的失败中站起来，开始新的生活。

vt. inspire sb (to sth) 给予某人渴望、信心或热情让其去把某事做好，即激励，鼓舞:
inspire sb (in sth) 使某人拥有或产生某种感情、情感或感觉:
vt. 常用被动式，激发某人的灵感（尤指艺术灵感）或想象力:
inspire |[ɪn'spaɪə]
The actors’ enthusiasm inspired the kids. 演员们的热情鼓舞着孩子们。
His superb play inspired the team to a thrilling 5–0 win. 他的出色表现使球队士气大振，以5:0大获全胜。
vt. inspire sb (with sth) 
to inspire me with confidence 让我产生信心 
to inspire loyalty 激发忠诚度
The choice of decor was inspired by a trip to India. 选用这种装饰格调是从一次印度之行中得到的启发。


the action of clearing a wide area of trees:大面积砍伐树木的行动
deforestation |ˌdiːfɒrɪˈsteɪʃn| Noun/:,森林砍伐
a key aim is to try to halt widespread deforestation in the Amazon:a关键目标是试图阻止亚马逊大范围的森林砍伐

adj. 非常不寻常的，即异常的、特别的、特殊的、例外的:
adj. 杰出的、优秀的、卓越的:
exceptional |[ɪkˈsepʃənl]
This deadline will be extended only in exceptional circumstances. 只有在特殊情况下才会延长最后期限。
if the courts hold that this case is exceptional 如果法庭认为这是个特殊案例 
School governors have the discretion to allow parents to withdraw pupils in exceptional circumstances. 督学可以酌情允许父母在特殊情况下让学生退学。
At the age of five he showed exceptional talent as a musician. 他五岁时就表现出非凡的音乐才能。
children with exceptional ability 具有非凡才能的孩子们 
His translation is exceptional in its poetic quality. 他的译作非常有诗意。
The quality of the recording is quite exceptional. 录音质量相当不错。

~ (of sth/of doing sth) 危险的事物、造成危害的事物:
vt. 向某人给出一个你知道有可能是错误的建议，即斗胆提出建议、做出无把握的猜测:
hazard |[ˈhæzəd;美-ərd]
a serious fire hazard 严重的火灾隐患 
safety hazard 安全隐患 
hazard lights (= flashing lights on a car that warn other drivers of possible danger)（汽车上的）危险警示灯 
Holes in the pavement are a hazard for blind people. 人行道上的坑对盲人来说有危险。Stairs are a hazard for young children. 楼梯对小孩子来说有危险。
Everybody is aware of the hazards of smoking. 大家都明白吸烟的危害。
A new report suggests that chewing-gum may be a health hazard. 一份新报告指出，口香糖可能对健康有害。
Oil leaking from a barge in the Mississippi River poses a hazard to the drinking water of New Orleans. 密西西比河上驳船漏油事件危及新奥尔良市的饮用水。
The burning of industrial waste is a major hazard to human health. 焚烧工业废物对人类健康是一大危害。
industrial hazards such as excessive noise and pollution 诸如过量噪声和污染等工业危害 
Production of these chemicals poses serious environmental hazards. 生产这些化学品会严重危害环境。
Loneliness is one of the occupational hazards of being a writer. 孤独是作家所面临的一大职业危险。
The worst hazard we faced was having our money stolen. 我们遇到的最糟糕的事就是钱被偷了。
Go in September if you want to avoid the hazard of extreme heat. 如果想避开高温酷暑，那就九月份去。
Companies should have systems for dealing with work hazards. 公司应该有职业风险应对系统。
exposure to hazards 曝露于危险因素
Would you like to hazard a guess? 你想猜猜看吗？
'Fifteen or sixteen?' He hazarded. “15或16？” 他试着猜道。
I would hazard a guess that they'll do fairly well in the next election. 我斗胆猜测，他们在下一轮竞选中会有不错的表现。
‘Is it Tom you're going with? ’ she hazarded. “你是要和汤姆一起去吗？”她冒失地问。

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (to sth) 提拔某人（到一个更高的职位上）:
vt. [常用被动式]（机器设备、计算机系统等）升级（使其性能更高）:
vt. [常用被动式] 将飞机乘客的座位、旅馆的房间等升级到更高的档次（如升舱）:
vt. [常用被动式] 改善建筑物等的条件（以提供更好的服务）:
vt. [常用被动式] 提高技能:
upgrade |[ˌʌpˈgreɪd]
He was upgraded to security guard. 他被擢升为保安。
Helicopters have been upgraded and modernized. 直升机已经更新换代，装配了现代化设备。
All the machines can be upgraded with the new processors. 所有机器都可以升级使用新处理器。
We are constantly upgrading our software to meet customers' needs. 我们不断升级软件，以满足用户的需要。
to upgrade browser 升级浏览器 
Users can easily upgrade to the new version. 用户可以很容易地升级到新版本。
customers who want to upgrade from version 4.2 to version 4.5 想把版本从4.2升级到4.5的客户 
You can upgrade from self-catering accommodation to a hotel. 您可以将自理膳食旅店升级为酒店。
to upgrade the town's leisure facilities 改善镇里的休闲设施 
Medical facilities are being reorganized and upgraded. 正在对医疗设施进行重组和升级。
to upgrade your skill 提高你的技能

in a manner that deviates from what is normal or usual, irregularly or extraordinarily:inamannerthatdeviationsfromwhatisnormalorusual,unregularlyorextraordinary
abnormally |abˈnɔːməli| Adverb/:,不正常的
her heart started beating abnormally:她的心脏开始异常跳动

by chance, inadvertently:偶然，不经意间
accidentally |ˌaksɪˈdɛntəli| Adverb/:偶然,不小心,无意中
his gun went off accidentally:他的枪不小心走火了

n. [C, usually pl.] frontier (of sth) 某事物（尤指某一学科或活动）的尖端或边缘:
frontier (with sth) 两地（常是两国）之间的边界线；也可指此种边界线附近的地区:
2 [sing.] the frontier（尤指19世纪美国西部的）开发地区的边缘地带（人们在此居住并建设城镇，更远的地方则被视为荒野和未知地带）:
frontier |['frʌntɪə]
to push back the frontiers of physics 开拓物理学领域 
technological frontier 技术前沿 
Space is the final frontier for us to explore. 太空是我们探索的最后一个领域。
the frontier between India and Pakistan 印度和巴基斯坦之间的边界 
frontier town 边陲小镇 
eastern frontier 东部边界 
to cross the frontier 越过边界 
frontier controls, frontier post 边境检查站；边境哨所 
frontier guard 边防战士 
frontier zone 边境地带 
people living on the German frontier 居住在德国边境地区的人 
America’s wild frontier 美国的荒野地带 
the western frontier 西部的边疆地带 
frontier town 边疆城镇 
frontier spirit 边疆精神

notably large in size, amount, or extent:在规模、数量或范围上特别大
(of a person) having merit or distinction:（某人的）有功劳或有名望的
considerable |kənˈsɪd(ə)rəbl| Adjective/:大量,可观的,相当大的
a position of considerable influence:具有相当影响力的职位
Snow was a limited, but still considerable, novelist:Snow是一位有限但仍然重要的小说家

make (something that was previously illegal) permissible by law:make（以前是非法的）法律允许的
legalize |ˈliːɡəlʌɪz| Verb/:合法化,使合法
the Swiss parliament legalized cannabis:瑞士议会将大麻合法化

able to be replaced or done without, superfluous:abletobereplacedordonewithout,多余的
(of a law or other rule) not mandatory but susceptible of being waived in special cases.:（法律或其他规则）不是强制性的，但在特殊情况下可以放弃。
dispensable |dɪˈspɛnsəbl| Adjective/:可有可无的,可以有的
the captain's loss of form made him dispensable:船长的失态让他变得可有可无

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (as sth) 颁发（或授予）专业合格证书（以证明其有资格从事某项专业领域的工作）:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (as sth) 颁发（或授予）专业合格证书:
vt. ~ sb/sth (as) sth（尤指以书面的形式）官方证明某事属实:
vt. [英，法律] [常用被动式] 官方证明某人患有精神病（因此需要给予治疗）:
certify |[ˈsɜ:tɪfaɪ;美ˈsɜ:rt-][ˈsɜ:tɪfaɪ;美ˈsɜ:rt-]
They wanted to get certified as divers. 他们想拿到潜水员资格证。
a certified accountant 持证会计
They wanted to get certified as divers. 他们想拿到潜水员资格证。
a certified accountant 持证会计
He handed her a piece of paper certifying (that) she was in good health. 他递给她一份她的健康证明书。
This (= this document) is to certify that… 兹证明… 
He was certified dead on arrival. 他送到时被证实已死亡。
The accounts were certified (as) correct by the finance department. 账目经财务部门证实无误。
if the president certified that the project would receive at least $650m from overseas sources 如果总统证明这个工程将获得至少6.5亿美元的海外资金 
The National Election Council is supposed to certify the results of the election. 全国选举委员会应对选举结果出具证明。
Patients must be certified before they can be admitted to the hospital. 精神病院只接纳经证明患有精神病的人。
In 1975 she was certified clinically insane and sent to a mental hospital. 1975年她被诊断为精神失常并被送进了精神病院。

a person or company that underwrites an insurance risk, the party in an insurance contract undertaking to pay compensation.:承保保险风险的个人或公司，保险合同中承诺支付赔偿金的一方。
insurer |ɪnˈʃʊərə| Noun/:保险公司,承保人

state too strongly, exaggerate:state太强烈，夸张
overstate |ˌəʊvəˈsteɪt| Verb/:,言过其实
I overstated my case to make my point:我夸大了我的情况来表达我的观点
