profound				巨大的，强烈的，极度的，深奥的
agony					极度痛苦
craft					工艺，熟练的制作
arts and crafts			手工艺
obscurity				晦涩，默默无闻
guarantee				保修单，保证
dolphin				海豚
severity				严重，严厉
discourage				使灰心，阻拦
fault					缺点，过错
robbery				抢劫
inanimate				无生命的
calculation				计算，估计，算计
baffle				使困惑，隔板
overcharge				对...要价过高
nap					打盹，短绒毛
disposal				处理，出售
authorities				专家，权威，来源
chronicle				编年史，述事，记述
shade					阴影，色度，些许，差别，窗帘
milestone				里程碑，转折点
unstable				不稳定的
strain				压力，劳损，种类，旋律，过滤，尽力
municipal				市政的
ideologically			在意识形态方面
greedy				贪食的，贪婪的
robust				强壮的，坚定的，醇厚的
diagnose				诊断，判断
definite				明确的，明显的，自信的
reserved				矜持的
affection				喜爱，爱情
\\\\\\\\

adj.（对…的影响）深远的、巨大的:
adj. 知识渊博的、理解深刻的:
adj. 严重的:
adj. 强烈的:
adj. 需要大量研究或思考的，即艰深的:
profound |[prəˈfaʊnd]
profound transformation, profound shift 深刻的改变；深刻的转变 
profound changes in the earth's climate 地球气候的巨大变化 
profound influence, profound impact 深远的影响 
profound importance, profound significance 极其重要的意义 
profound consequence 影响深远的结果 
My father's death had a profound effect on us all. 父亲的去世深深地影响了我们全家。
discoveries which had a profound effect on many areas of medicine 对很多医学领域产生了深刻影响的发现 
Despite the decay the mosque somehow retained a profound grandeur. 尽管出现了腐烂，这座清真寺依然保有一种宏伟的风范。
one of the country's most profound minds 该国知识最渊博的人之一 
a profound book 深奥的书 
This is a book full of profound, original and challenging insights. 这本书充满了深刻、新颖、令人深思的见解。
profound thought 深刻的思想 
profound meditation 深刻的冥想 
profound wisdom 深刻的智慧
profound disability 严重残疾 
profound disagreement 严重的分歧
profound difference 深刻的差别 
profound distrust 强烈的不信任 
profound distaste 强烈反感 
I feel a profound antipathy to using any weapon. 我强烈反对使用任何武器。
profound emotion 强烈的感情 
profound belief 强烈的信仰 
profound implication 强烈的暗示 
profound impression 深刻的印象 
profound trust 深深的信任 
profound reverence 强烈的敬意 
profound gratitude 强烈的感激 
profound regret 非常后悔 
profound apology 深刻的道歉 
profound lack 非常缺乏
profound questions about life and death 生死方面的玄奥问题 
profound mystery 难解的秘密           

n. [U, C] 精神上的极度痛苦:
n. [U, C] 肉体上的极度痛苦:
agony |[ˈægəni]
mental agony 精神上的痛苦 
It was agony not knowing where the children were. 孩子们下落不明真让人揪心。
She waited in an agony of suspense. 她提心吊胆地等待。
The worst agonies of the war were now beginning. 战争最深重的苦难现在开始了。
Don't prolong the agony--just tell me the result! 别再让我着急了——快告诉我结果吧！
He endured agonies of loneliness. 他忍受着寂寞的痛苦。
They went through agony in the search for their missing relatives. 他们在寻找失散亲人的过程中经历了极大的痛苦。
She was causing David a great deal of agony. 她让戴维饱受痛苦。
She mumbled an apology in an agony of embarrassment. 她极为尴尬地咕哝着道了歉。                  
physical agony 肉体上的痛苦 
She called out in agony. 她疼得叫出声来。
His face was contorted in agony as he tried to lift himself out of the chair. 他试图从椅子上站起来，痛得脸都变了形。
Jack collapsed in agony on the floor. 杰克十分痛苦地瘫倒在地板上。
The soldier died in agony. 这个士兵痛苦地死去。
A new machine may save thousands of animals from the agony of drug tests. 一种新型机器也许可以将成千上万的动物从药物试验的痛苦中解脱出来。
The little creature squirmed in its death agonies. 这个小生命快要死了，正痛苦地扭动着身体。

n. [U] [正式，贬] 获取某人信任的技能，如手腕、诡计、骗术:
vt. [常用被动式]（尤指用手工）精心制作:
n. [C]（其复数形式为craft）飞行器、宇宙飞船、航天飞机:
n. 1 [C, U] 用手部技能制作…的艺术，如手艺；工艺:
2 [sing.] 某一活动所需的全部技能、技艺、技巧:
n. [C]（其复数形式为craft）飞机:
n. [C]（其复数形式为craft）小船、轮船、船只:
craft |[krɑ:ft;美kræft]
He knew how to win by craft and diplomacy what he could not gain by force. 他擅长于通过计谋和外交手腕赢得他用武力无法得到的东西。
All the furniture is crafted from natural materials. 所有的家具均采用天然材料精心制作而成。
The windows would probably have been crafted in the latter part of the Middle Ages. 这些窗户很可能是中世纪后期精心制作的。
Many delegates were willing to craft a compromise. 很多代表都想要制订出一个周密的折中方案。
a carefully crafted speech 精心准备的讲话
traditional crafts like basket-weaving 像编篮子之类的传统工艺 
The men practised various traditional crafts. 这些人从事各种传统手工技艺。
Craft, Design and Technology (= a subject in some British schools) 工艺、设计与技术（英国某些学校中的科目）
All kinds of traditional craft industries are preserved here. 这里保留着各种各样的传统手工业。
Sheep shearing is a highly skilled craft. 剪羊毛是很讲究技巧的手艺。
country, local, rural craft 农村手艺；地方手艺；乡村手艺 
craft activity, craft project, craft work 工艺活动；工艺项目；工艺制品 
craft industry（手）工艺产业 
craft worker 手工艺人 
craft exhibition, craft fair, craft show, craft workshop 工艺品展览；手工艺品交易会；工艺品制作室 
craft shop（尤英）, craft store（尤美）工艺品商店
craft skill 手工工艺 
craft guild, craft union 手工艺行会 
craft foam，craft glue（美）, craft knife 工艺泡沫；工艺胶水；工艺刀 
art and craft 工艺美术 
Subjects taught include art and craft, drama, and languages. 所教科目包括工艺美术、戏剧和语言。
arts and crafts 工艺美术 
The gallery has major exhibitions of arts and crafts. 美术馆里有重要的工艺美术展览。
chefs who learned their craft in top hotels 在高级饭店学过烹调技艺的厨师 
the writer's craft 写作技巧 
the craft of writing 写作技巧 
Maurice Murphy, one of the country's leading classical trumpeters, learnt his craft with the Black Dyke Mills band. 作为该国最著名的古典小号演奏家，莫里斯·墨菲曾师从黑堤磨坊铜管乐团。
a carpenter who is a real master of his craft 技艺高超的木匠 
It took her years to perfect her craft. 她花费了多年心血来完善技艺。
comedians plying their craft for an agency（ply尤为美式用法）为一家代理机构辛劳工作的喜剧演员
Hundreds of small craft bobbed around the liner as it steamed into the harbour. 班轮驶进港口时，周围的许多小船颠簸起来。
With great difficulty, the fisherman manoeuvred his small craft close to the reef. 渔夫费了很大的劲才把他的小船划到暗礁旁。
The troops are reported to have advanced nearly four miles since they were landed from naval craft on Sunday evening. 据报道，部队自周日晚离开海军军舰登陆后已经挺进了将近四英里。
assault, fishing, landing, patrol, pleasure, river, sailing craft 突击舟；渔船；登陆艇；巡逻艇；游艇；内河船；帆船

n. [U] [文学] 昏暗；黑暗:
n. [U]（某人或某事物的）默默无闻（即不出名，或已被忘记）:
n. [U, C. usually pl.] 令人费解、难懂；令人费解或难懂的事:
obscurity |[əbˈskjʊərəti;美-ˈskjʊr-]
The actress was only 17 when she was plucked from obscurity and made a star. 这个演员受到提携从无名少女一跃成为明星时年仅17岁。
For the lucky few, there's the chance of being plucked from obscurity and thrown into the glamorous world of modelling. 只有极少数幸运儿才有机会从籍籍无名中脱颖而出，进入光鲜亮丽的模特圈。
After many years, his scientific work emerged from obscurity. 他的科学著作湮没多年之后才开始引起关注。
O'Neil rose from obscurity to become an international sensation. 奥尼尔从一个无名小卒一跃成为国际焦点。
The latter half of his life was spent in obscurity and loneliness. 他在默默无闻中孤独地度过了后半生。
He spent most of his life working in obscurity. 他在默默无闻的工作中度过了大半生。
He spent his early life in relative obscurity. 他早年没什么名气。
He is now living in virtual obscurity. 事实上，如今他只是默默无闻地活着。
professional obscurity 在行业内无名 
to be relegated to obscurity 归于默默无闻 
to labor in obscurity（美）默默无闻地在…劳作 
to languish in obscurity 在…受煎熬 
to go from obscurity to celebrity, to go from obscurity to fame 从默默无闻变成名人 
to go from obscurity to notoriety 从默默无闻变得臭名昭著
a speech full of obscurities 一篇晦涩难懂的演说 
Whatever its obscurities, the poem was clear on at least one count. 这首诗再怎么晦涩，至少有一点是清楚的。
The course teaches students to avoid ambiguity and obscurity of expression. 这门课程教学生避免表达上的模棱两可、含混不清。
'How can that be?' asked Hunt, irritated by the obscurity of Henry's reply. “怎么会那样呢？”亨特问道，亨利含糊费解的回答让他恼火。

n. [C] 公司对自己的商品所附加的保修或包退换凭证，相当于warranty:
vt. guarantee sth (against sth) 对产品的质量做出书面承诺（当产品发生问题的时候给予修理或退换）:
vt.＆vi. 承诺为某事（或为做某事）负法律责任，即担保:
n. [C] 向银行缴纳的保证金或抵押品:
vt.＆vi. 承诺去做某事，或承诺某事将发生:
vt. 使某事必然发生，即确保:
n. 1 [C] 关于你将做某事或某事将要发生的一个坚定的承诺，即保证，担保:
guarantee (that ...) 使其他事件发生的因素:
guarantee |[͵ɡærən'ti:]
All our products come with a two-year guarantee. 我们的所有产品都提供两年质保。
to gives a year’s guarantee for the product 对该产品提供一年的质保 
under guarantee（英）（美用under warranty）处于质保期内 
a full money-back guarantee 全额退款保障 
This product is guaranteed for a year against any quality problem. 本产品如有任何质量问题可保修一年。
We guarantee good quality of our products. 我们保证自身的产品质量良好。
to guarantee to pay sb’s debts 为某人的债务作担保 
to offer sth as a guarantee 拿…作抵押
All rights of the public will be guaranteed. 公众的所有权利将得到保障。
We guarantee to deliver you goods within three days. 我们承诺三天内交货。
I can absolutely guarantee that you will enjoy the show. 我完全可以保证你会喜欢这场演出。
Enough money alone does not guarantee happiness. 仅有足够的金钱并不能确保幸福。
A degree does not automatically guarantee you a job. 获得学位并不一定能保证你找到工作。
The outcome is by no means guaranteed. 结果完全无法保证。
to give a guarantee 做出保证 
to demand guarantees for fair elections 要求确保选举公正 
government, legal guarantee 政府保证；法律保证 
personal guarantee 个人担保 
loan guarantee 贷款担保 
security guarantee 安全保证 
a guarantee of quality 一个保证质量的因素 
There’s no guarantee that I must win the game. 不能保证我一定会赢得这场比赛。
Health is a guarantee of success. 健康是成功的一个保证。
Arriving early is no longer a guarantee of getting a place. 早到已无法确保有位置。

a small gregarious toothed whale that typically has a beaklike snout and a curved fin on the back. Dolphins have become well known for their sociable nature and high intelligence.:一种小型群居齿鲸，通常具有喙状鼻子和背部弯曲的鳍。海豚因其善于交际的天性和高智商而闻名。
a bollard, pile, or buoy for mooring boats.:用于系泊船只的系船柱、桩或浮标。
a structure for protecting the pier of a bridge.:一种保护桥墩的结构。
dolphin |ˈdɒlfɪn| Noun/:海豚,河豚

n. [U] 严重，严重性:
severity |[sɪˈverəti]
A prison sentence should match the severity of the crime. 刑期长短要和罪行轻重一致。
The sentence passed today reflects the severity of the crime. 今天通过的判决表明罪行十分严重。
The chances of a full recovery will depend on the severity of her injuries. 能否彻底康复取决于她受伤的严重程度。
The medicine can reduce the severity of symptoms. 这种药能减轻症状。
the severity of the problem 问题的严重性 
He frowned with mock severity. 他沉下脸来，装出一副严厉的样子。
She wagged her finger with mock severity. 她故作严厉地摆了摆手指。
The elaborate facade contrasts strongly with the severity of the interior. 精致的门面同室内的简朴形成强烈反差。           

vt. discourage sb (from doing sth) 使某人对做某事不再那么有信心或有热情，如使灰心，使泄气，使丧失信心，相当于dishearten:
discourage sb from doing sth 尝试去阻止某事或阻止某人去做某事（尤指通过使该事情变得困难或表明你不同意做这件事）:
discourage |[dɪs'kʌrɪdӡ]
Don’t be discouraged by the first failure--try again! 不要因第一次失败就灰心丧气——再试一次吧！
The weather discouraged people from attending. 这天气使得人们不愿意出席。
vt. discourage sth 
a campaign to discourage smoking among teenagers 一场劝阻青少年吸烟的运动 
I leave a light on when I’m out to discourage burglars. 我出门时开着灯以防夜盗闯入。
Our system effectively discourages investment. 我们的体制可以有效地抑制投资。
We tried to discourage him from resigning. 我们试图劝他不要辞职。
I’m not easily discouraged. 我不会轻易泄气的。

n. [C]（一部机器或一个系统、体系的）故障。相当于defect:
fault (for doing sth)（已发生或已做出的错事的）责任、过失、过错:
2 [C] 错事:
n. [C]（地壳岩层的）断层处:
n. [C] 网球中的一次发球失误:
n. 1 [C] 某人性格中的一个坏的或弱的方面，如缺点，弱点，相当于shortcoming:
2 [C] 某事物的缺陷。相当于defect:
vt. 常与can和could连用于否定句，找出某人或某事物的一个缺点，相当于criticize:
fault |[fɔ:lt]
electrical, mechanical（均尤英）fault 电力故障；机械故障 
The car soon developed another fault. 不久汽车出现了另一故障。
Why should I say sorry when it’s not my fault? 不是我的错为什么要我道歉？
It’s nobody’s fault. 谁都没有错。
the party at fault in a court case 诉讼案件中有过错的一方 
The fault lay in the structure of the economy. 错误在于经济结构。
earthquake, geological fault 地震断层；地质断层 
fault line 断层线 
fault zone 断层带
double fault 双发失误 
foot fault 脚步犯规 
to serve fault 发球失误
My biggest fault was my laziness. 我最大的缺点是懒惰。
moral fault 道德过失 
personal fault 个人过失 
to point out his fault 指出他的缺点 
The book’s virtues far outweigh its faults. 这本书的优点远远大于缺点。
a major fault in the design 设计中的一个重大缺陷 
The engine has a serious fault. 发动机有严重的缺陷。
to pick fault with the meal 在饭菜上找碴儿 
The fault lay in the structure of the economy. 缺陷在于经济结构。
a fault in the insulin production 胰岛素分泌失调 
For all its faults, we love this city. 尽管有种种不足，我们仍热爱这座城市。
Her colleagues could not fault her dedication to the job. 她的同事认为她的敬业精神是无可挑剔的。
He had always been polite--she couldn’t fault him on that. 他总是彬彬有礼——她在这方面对他无可指摘。

n. [U, C]（尤指通过暴力手段）从银行、商店、人的身上盗取钱财或物品的一种罪名，如抢劫:
robbery |[ˈrɒbəri;美ˈrɑ:b-]
attempted, botched, bungled（尤英）, failed robbery 企图抢劫；抢劫未遂 
armed robbery 持械抢劫 
bank, highway, street（尤英）, train robbery 银行抢劫；公路抢劫；街头抢劫；火车抢劫 
He was shot as he tried to foil a bank robbery. 他试图阻止银行抢劫案时中弹了。
robbery attempt 抢劫企图 
robbery charge 抢劫指控 
robbery suspect 抢劫嫌犯 
He was sentenced to four years in prison for robbery with violence. 因为暴力抢劫，他被判监禁四年。
There has been a spate of robberies in the area recently. 最近这一地区接连发生了多起抢劫案。
The gang members committed dozens of armed robberies. 这个帮派的成员犯下了数十宗持械抢劫案。

not alive:没活着
showing no sign of life, lifeless:showingnosignoflife,死气沉沉
inanimate |ɪnˈanɪmət| Adjective/:无生命的,没有生命的
inanimate objects like stones:无生命物体，如石头
he was completely inanimate and it was difficult to see if he was breathing:he完全没有生命，很难看出他是否在呼吸

n. [U] [贬]（只考虑自己的利益而不考虑别人利益的）算计:
n. [C, U] 数学计算:
Leonard made a rapid calculation: he'd never make it in time. 伦纳德快速盘算了一下:
n. [C, U]（利用自己的判断力来）估计、预测、推测（做某事的结果）:
calculation |[ˌkælkjuˈleɪʃn]
cold, cool, rational calculation 冷酷的算计；理性的算计 
an act of cold calculation 冷酷无情的算计 
cold, unspeakably cruel calculation 冷酷无情的阴谋算计
Cathy did a rough calculation. 凯茜作了一个粗略的计算。
By my calculation(s), we made a profit of £20 000 last year. 我算了一下，我们去年赢利2万英镑。
Our guess was confirmed by calculation. 我们的猜测通过计算得到证实。
the calculation of their assets 对他们资产的估算 
an exact calculation of the amount spent so far 对目前花费总额的确切计算 
Your calculations are correct. 你的计算是正确的。
It turned out that our calculations were incorrect. 结果证明我们计算错了。
Even a rough calculation shows that you have spent too much. 即使是粗略计算，你花销也太大。
quick calculation 快速计算 
mental calculation 心算 
arithmetical（尤英）, mathematical, numerical, statistical calculation 算术运算；数学运算；数字运算；统计计算 
economic, financial calculation 经济核算；财务核算 
She did a rapid calculation in her head. 她在脑中快速计算了—番。
We cannot make a precise calculation of the price until we have all the costs. 除非我们知道所有成本，否则不能准确地计算出价格。
The calculations are based on aver-age annual data.这些计算结果是根据年度平均数据得来的。
a method of calculation 计算方法
For the President, the calculations are equally difficult. If the peacekeeping operation goes wrong he risks appearing weak. 对总统说来，局势同样难料。假如维和行动出了岔子，他就会显得无能。

vt.（因为太难或太奇怪而）使人无法理解或解释，即难住、使…困惑:
baffle |[ˈbæfl]
His behaviour baffles me. 他的行为使我难以琢磨。
I'm baffled as to why she hasn't called. 我不明白她为什么没打电话。
I'm baffled why she hasn't called. 我不明白她为什么没打电话。
An apple tree producing square fruit is baffling experts. 一棵结方形苹果的树令专家大惑不解。

charge (someone) too high a price for goods or a service:charge（某人）对商品或服务的价格过高
charge someone (a sum) beyond the correct amount:向某人收取（一笔）超出正确金额的费用
put too much electric charge into (a battery):将过多的电荷放入（电池）
an excessive charge for goods or a service:对商品或服务的过度收费
overcharge |ˌəʊvəˈtʃɑːdʒ| Noun/Verb/:过充,多收费用
send your bill to the Law Society if you think you've been overcharged:如果您认为您被多收了费用，请将您的账单发送给律师协会
large generators can overcharge batteries:largegeneratorscanoverchargebatteries
an overcharge of £40:多收40英镑

vi.（尤指白天）打盹、小睡:
n. [C]（尤指日间的）小睡、打盹:
n. [sing.] 某些织物（如地毯、天鹅绒）表面的短绒毛（这些绒毛通常指向同一方向）:
n. [C] [英] 赛马专家给出的建议（即哪匹马最有可能赢），即赛马情报、赛马结果预测:
nap |[næp]
An elderly person may nap during the day and then sleep only five hours a night. 老年人白天会小睡一会儿，然后晚上只睡5个小时。
Resist the temptation to nap in the daytime. 抵制白天小睡的诱惑。      
I had a short nap after lunch. 午饭后我小睡了一会儿。
Use your lunch hour to have a nap in your chair. 利用午饭时间坐在椅子上打个盹吧。
I might take a little nap. 我可能会打个盹。
I was parked in a lay-by, having a nap. 我把车停在了路边临时停车处，打了个盹。
brief, little, quick, short nap 小睡；小憩 
long nap 较长时间的小睡 
a nice nap 美美的小睡afternoon, morning nap 下午的小睡；上午的小睡 
cat nap（也可用catnap）小睡 
If you have difficulty sleeping at night, avoid taking catnaps during the day. 如果你晚上很难睡着，白天就不要小睡。
A ten-minute power nap can boost your productivity. 小睡十分钟可以提高你的工作效率。

n. [U]（废物等的）清除、清理:
n. [C] [美] 废物处理机（装于厨房水槽的污水管上，用以切碎食物垃圾）。相当于waste-disposal unit:
n. [C] [商业]（对公司、财产等的一部分的）变卖，让与:
disposal |[dɪˈspəʊzl;美-ˈspoʊ-]
garbage（美）, refuse（尤英）, rubbish（英）, trash（美）disposal 垃圾处理 
land, landfill disposal 地面填埋；垃圾填埋处理 
a kitchen waste disposal unit（unit尤为英式用法）厨余垃圾处理装置 
waste disposal sites 废物处理场 
a waste disposal company 废物处理公司 
sewage disposal systems 污水处理系统 
the disposal of nuclear waste 核废料的处理 
methods for the permanent disposal of radioactive wastes 处理放射性废料的一劳永逸的办法 
The waste must be taken to an approved disposal facility. 废弃物必须运到经批准的处理场所。
bomb disposal（尤英）排爆 
a bomb disposal squad 炸弹清除小组 
explosive ordnance disposal（军事）爆炸物处理 
The device was defused by army bomb disposal experts. 军队拆弹专家拆除了装置的引信。


authorities | 当局,权威机构

a factual written account of important or historical events in the order of their occurrence:重要或历史事件的真实书面记录，按发生顺序排列
a fictitious or factual work describing a series of events:描述一系列事件的虚构或真实的作品
record (a series of events) in a factual and detailed way:以事实和详细的方式记录（一系列事件）
chronicle |ˈkrɒnɪkl| Noun/Verb/:编年史,纪事
a vast chronicle of Spanish history:一部庞大的西班牙历史编年史
a chronicle of his life during the war years:他在战争年代的生活编年史
his work chronicles 20th-century migration:his的作品记录了20世纪的移民

vt. [英，非正式]（在竞赛中）以微弱优势取胜，即险胜:
vt. 1 shade sb/sth (from/against sth) 防止光线直射到…上面，即给…遮挡光线:
2 常用被动式，指为灯等加罩子，使其不那么明亮:
3（一个地方或人）由于受到某物体（如树木）的遮蔽而躲避了强光，即形成荫蔽:
n. [U] shade (of sth)（某事物下面或背后的）暗淡且凉爽的区域，如树下或建筑物后面由于阳光被遮挡所形成的阴凉处；背阴处；树荫。与shadow比起来，shade还强调温度低:
n. 1 [C] shade (of sth) 色彩的浓淡或深浅，也可称为色度:
2 [U] 绘画中的暗淡区域，尤指用这种暗淡区域所产生的层次感或差异感等:
n. [C] [文学] 一个死人的鬼魂；阴魂；幽灵；鬼:
n. [pl.] [非正式] 太阳镜，墨镜，相当于sunglasses:
n. [C, usually pl.] shade of sth（观点、感情等的）一个不同的种类:
n. [C] 灯等的罩子（能够削弱光线强度）:
n. [C] [美，也可用window shade] 指窗帘，尤指遮挡光线的卷帘，相当于blind:
n. [pl.] [非正式] shades of sb/sth 能够让你想起某个人、事物、事件、时间等的东西，具体可称为痕迹，影子，遗风等:
n. [C]（抽象事物的）略有差异的形式:
vt. shade sth (in) 把一幅图画等的一部分涂暗（例如涂上一片颜色更深的色彩，或用铅笔画线来涂暗）:
n. [C, usually pl.] shade of sth（观点、感情等的）一个不同的层次:
n. [sing.] 一点点；略微。相当于touch:
shade |[ʃeɪd]
She shaded her eyes against the fierce sun. 她遮住眼睛，阻挡刺目阳光的照射。
a square shaded with trees 绿树成荫的广场 
This plant prefers a lightly shaded position. 这种植物适宜生长在略微阴凉的地方。
a shaded lamp 有罩的灯 
The beaches are shaded by palm trees. 海滩上棕榈成荫。
dappled shade 斑驳的树荫 
Let’s move into the shade. 咱们到树荫里去吧。
a plant that grows well in shade 喜阴植物 
towels in warm shades 暖色调的毛巾 
In the mornings the sky appeared a heavy shade of mottled grey. 清晨，天空看上去是斑驳的深灰色调。
His face turned an even deeper shade of red. 他的脸更红了。
The painting needs more light and shade. 这幅画明暗层次不够。
shades of opinion（尤英）（比喻用法）各种有细微差别的意见
I bought a new shade for the lamp. 我给那盏灯买了一个新罩子。
an eyeshade 遮阳眼罩
Nancy left the shades down and the lights off. 南希放下帘子，关了灯。
window shade 窗帘 
roller shade 卷帘
short skirts and long boots--shades of the 1960s 短裙和高筒靴——20世纪60年代的余韵
to convey subtle shades of meaning 表达有微妙差异的意思
I’m going to shade this part in. 我要把这一部分画得再暗一些。
What do the shaded areas on the map represent? 地图上颜色深的部分代表什么？
The word has many shades of meaning. 这个词有很多层意思。
He was feeling a shade disappointed. 他略感失望。

n. 1 [C]（也可用milepost[尤美]）（某事发展过程中的）一个极其重要的阶段或事件，即里程碑、标志性事件、转折点:
2 [C]（路边显示到某地距离的）里程碑:
milestone |[ˈmaɪlstəʊn;美-stoʊn]
He said the launch of the party represented a milestone in Zambian history. 他说该党的创立是赞比亚历史上的一个里程碑。
Starting school is a milestone for both children and parents. 对于孩子和家长而言，开始上学是一件大事。
another grim milestone in the war 战争中的另一严峻转折点 
personal milestone 个人的里程碑 
career, development milestone 职业的里程碑；发展中的里程碑 
The company passed the £6 million milestone this year. 今年公司跨过了600万英镑的大关。
It represents a major medical milestone. 这代表着医学发展中的一个重要里程碑。
The movie proved to be a milestone in the history of cinema. 事实证明这部影片是电影史上的一个里程碑。
a milestone for Chinese technology 中国科技发展的一个里程碑 

adj.（物体）不牢固的、松动的，易于移动或脱落的:
adj. 1（局势、情况）不稳定的、动荡的:
2（人的行为、情绪）不稳定的:
3 [术语]（一种物质）在化学（或原子）状态上不稳定的:
unstable |[ʌnˈsteɪbl]
Both clay and sandstone are unstable rock formations. 黏土和砂岩都是不牢固的岩石构造。
The political situation remains highly unstable. 政局仍然十分动荡。
After the fall of Pitt in 1801 there was a decade of unstable government. 1801年皮特倒台后，政府经历了10年的动荡。
The situation is unstable and potentially dangerous. 情况不稳定，可能有危险。
Prison order is rendered unstable by young inmates serving short sentences. 刑期短的少年犯造成监狱秩序混乱。
The building trade is notoriously unstable. 建筑行业是出了名地变幻莫测。
economically, financially unstable 经济不稳；金融动荡 
a politically unstable region 政治动荡的地区 
emotionally, mentally, psychologically unstable 情绪不稳定；精神状态不稳定 
He was emotionally unstable. 他情绪不稳定。
Coleridge was also a highly unstable person. 科尔里奇还是个情绪非常不稳定的人。
chemically unstable 化学上不稳定的

~ (sth) (to do sth) 尽力，用尽全部精力或体力:
n. [C, usually sing.] 个人或群体的某个性格倾向、个性、禀性:
n. [U, C] 由于繁重事务或棘手问题所造成的精神压力:
n. 1 [U, C] 财务、资源、关系等方面的压力:
2 [U, C] 关系紧张:
vt. 使…过度而不堪承受:
n. [C] 动植物的某个特定种类、品种，或由细菌等引起的疾病的某个类型:
vt. 过滤（食物等）（使其固体和液体部分分离）:
n. [C, U] 物理意义上的压力、拉力、张力、应力:
n. [C] 动植物的某个特定种类、品种，或由细菌等引起的疾病的某个类型:
vi. 用力拉:
vt. 因过度劳累而对身体（或身体部位）造成损伤:
n. [C, U] 身体部位（如肌肉）由于过度使用或扭崴所造成的损伤，如劳损、扭伤、拉伤:
n. [C, usually pl.] [正式] 演奏或演唱的声音，如乐曲、曲调、旋律:
strain |[streɪn]
vt. ~ (sth) (for sth) 
I strained my ears to catch what they were saying. 我竖起耳朵去听他们在说些什么。
I strained forward to get a better view. 我使劲儿向前，想看得更清楚些。
Necks were strained for a glimpse of the stranger. 大家伸长了脖子想看一看这个陌生人。
People were straining to see what was going on. 人们翘首企足看发生了什么事。
He is straining hard to understand. 他正竭力想弄明白。
He burst to the surface, straining for air. 他冲出水面，使劲吸气。
Bend gently to the left without straining. 轻轻向左弯，不要用力。
He had a definite strain of snobbery in him. 他这个人明显有一股势利小人的气味。
emotional, mental, nervous, physical, psychological strain 情感压力；思想压力；精神压力；身体压力；心理压力 
the stresses and strains of public life 公众人物生活的紧张压力 
After weeks of overtime, she was starting to feel the strain. 加班几个星期后，她开始感到了不支。
He broke under the strain of having to work twelve hours a day. 他在一天工作12个小时的压力下崩溃了。
Relax, and let us take the strain (= do things for you). 你歇一下，我们来顶一会儿。
I found it a strain having to concentrate for so long. 我觉得这么长时间全神贯注挺累的。
It's a real strain having to get up so early! 这么早起真够受的！
financial strain 财务压力 
The transport service cannot cope with the strain of so many additional passengers. 运输部门无法应对临时增加这么多乘客所带来的交通压力。
Increasing demand is placing undue strain on services. 不断增长的需求正对服务造成过大的压力。
Their marriage is under great strain at the moment. 眼下他们的婚姻关系非常紧张。
Losing the business put a strain on their relationship. 生意丢了，他们的关系变得紧张起来。
The sudden influx of visitors is straining hotels in the town to the limit. 游客突然涌入，城里的旅馆全都爆满。
His constant complaints were straining our patience. 他没完没了的抱怨让我们忍无可忍。
The dispute has strained relations between the two countries. 这场争端使两国关系紧张起来。
mutant strain 突变菌株 
virulent strain 毒性菌株 
antibiotic-resistant, drug-resistant, resistant strain 耐抗生素菌株；耐药性菌株；抗药性菌株 
bacterial, viral strain 细菌菌株；病毒菌株 
flu, influenza strain 流感菌株 
H5N1 is a strain of avian influenza. H5N1是一种禽流感菌株。
a new strain of mosquitoes resistant to the poison 对这种毒药有抗药性的新品种蚊子 
This is only one of the many strains of the disease. 这种病有许多类型，这只是其中之一。
Use a colander to strain the vegetables. 把蔬菜放在漏筐里控控水。
Strain off any excess liquid. 滤掉多余的液体。
the cable's breaking strain (= it will break when it is stretched or pulled by a force greater than this) 缆索的断裂应变力 
The rope broke under the strain. 绳子给拉断了。
The ice gave way under the strain. 冰在压力的作用下坍塌了。
The ground here cannot take the strain of a large building. 这块地承受不住大型建筑的压力。
There's too much strain on the corner of the table. 
You should try not to place too much strain on muscles and joints. 你要尽量不让肌肉和关节太吃力。
mutant strain 突变菌株 
virulent strain 毒性菌株 
antibiotic-resistant, drug-resistant, resistant strain 耐抗生素菌株；耐药性菌株；抗药性菌株 
bacterial, viral strain 细菌菌株；病毒菌株 
flu, influenza strain 流感菌株 
H5N1 is a strain of avian influenza. H5N1是一种禽流感菌株。
a new strain of mosquitoes resistant to the poison 对这种毒药有抗药性的新品种蚊子 
This is only one of the many strains of the disease. 这种病有许多类型，这只是其中之一。
to strain at a rope 用力拉绳子 
The dogs were straining against the sledge. 那些狗在用力拉雪橇。
She strained against the ropes that held her. 她使劲挣了挣拴着她的绳子。        
to strain a muscle 拉伤肌肉 
back, muscle strain 背部劳损；肌肉拉伤 
a slight leg strain 腿部的轻微拉伤 
You'll get eye strain if you don't put the light on. 不开灯，你的眼睛会疲劳。           
She could hear the strains of Mozart through the window. 她能听见窗户里飘出的莫扎特的旋律。

adj. [常用于名词前] 关于（或隶属于）一个城镇、城市或行政区的，即市政的:
municipal |[mju:ˈnɪsɪpl]
municipal councils 市政委员会 
municipal workers 市政工作者 
next month's municipal elections 下个月的市政选举 
municipal budget 市政预算 
municipal administration 市政府 
municipal waste 市政垃圾 
the Los Angeles Municipal Art Gallery 洛杉矶市立美术馆 
The municipal authorities gave the go-ahead for the march. 市政当局批准了这次游行。

in a way that relates to ideas or an ideology, especially of a political or economic nature:inawaythatrelatestoideasorideology,尤其是政治或经济性质的
ideologically |ˌʌɪdɪəˈlɒdʒɪkli| Adverb/:意识形态上,思想上的
ideologically driven economic policies:意识形态驱动的经济政策

adj. greedy (for sth) 超出自己所需而想要更多金钱、权力或食物等的，即贪婪的，贪心的:
greedy |['ɡri:dɪ]
You greedy pig! You’ve already had two helpings! 你这个馋嘴！你已经吃了两份了！
to be greedy for profit 利欲熏心 
greedy eyes 贪婪的目光

adj.（观点等）坚定的、坚决的、信心十足的:
adj.（体制或组织机构）强劲的、富有活力的:
adj. 结实耐用的。相当于sturdy:
adj. 强壮而健康的:
robust |[rəʊˈbʌst;美roʊ-]
It was a typically robust performance by the Foreign Secretary. 这是外交大臣典型的坚决表现。
A British Foreign Office minister has made a robust defence of the agreement. 一位英国外交大臣坚决维护这个协议。
He has the keen eye and robust approach needed. 他具备了所需的敏锐的洞察力和坚定的行事态度。
a robust defence 据理力争的（法律）辩护
robust economic growth 强劲的经济增长
a robust piece of equipment 经久耐用的设备 
We've always specialized in making very robust, simply designed machinery. 我们一直专注于制造极为结实耐用而且设计简单的机器。
to be robust to withstand… 结实得足以抗住…                     
She was almost 90, but still very robust. 她将近90岁了，但身体仍然十分强健。
More women than men go to the doctor. Perhaps men are more robust or worry less? 看医生的女性多于男性。也许男性更强壮或者忧虑要少一些？

~ sth (as sth) 判断问题的原因:
~ sth (as sth) 诊断疾病:
diagnose |[ˈdaɪəgnəʊz;-ˈnəʊz;美ˌdaɪəgˈnoʊs]
vt.&vi. ~ sb (as/with) (sth) 
to diagnose a serious fault in the engine 找出发动机里一处严重故障的原因
vt.&vi. ~ sb (as/with) (sth) 
The test is used to diagnose a variety of diseases. 此项化验可用于诊断多种疾病。
The illness was diagnosed as cancer. 此病诊断为癌症。
He has recently been diagnosed with angina. 他最近被诊断出患有心绞痛。
He was diagnosed (as) a diabetic when he was 64. 他64岁时被诊断患有糖尿病。
people with clinically diagnosed diabetes 临床诊断出患有糖尿病的人 
The soldiers were diagnosed as having flu. 这些士兵经诊断患了流感。
Her condition was wrongly diagnosed by the doctor. 她的病医生诊断错了。
newly diagnosed patients 新确诊的病人 
He was diagnosed with leukaemia. 他经诊断患有白血病。
Susan had a mental breakdown and was diagnosed with schizophrenia. 苏珊精神崩溃，被诊断为得了精神分裂症。

adj. 1 易于看到或易于理解的，即明显的:
2（形状或颜色）清晰的、分明的:
adj.（颜色）清晰的:
~ (that…)（一个人对别人说某事时）对某事的真实性表示肯定、有把握，或表示此事必然会发生:
adj. 1 ~ (that…)（决定或安排）确定的、肯定的、不可能改变的:
2（证据或信息）确凿的、确切的:
n. [sing.] [非正式] 你确信会发生的事；肯定会做某事的人:
definite |[ˈdefɪnət]
The look on her face was a definite sign that something was wrong. 一看她的神色就知道出事了。
There was a definite feeling that things were getting worse. 人们明显感到事情越来越糟。
There has already been a definite improvement. 已经有了显著的改进。
That's a very definite possibility. 那是很有可能的。
Studying his face in the bathroom mirror he wished he had more definite features. 看着浴室镜子中的脸，他真希望自己的五官能够更分明一些。
I'm definite about this. 我对这事非常肯定。
Can you give me a definite answer by tomorrow? 你最晚明天能给我一个确定的答复吗？
Is it definite that he's leaving? 他肯定要离开吗？
a definite offer of a job 明确给予一份工作 
They have very definite ideas on how to bring up children. 关于如何培养孩子，他们有非常明确的想法。
Her Royal Highness has definite views about most things. 女王陛下对大多数事情都有明确的观点。
We didn't have any definite proof. 我们没有任何确实的证据。
If you have any definite news of my husband, please let me know. 如果有我丈夫的确切消息，请一定告诉我。
I've heard rumours, but nothing definite. 我听到一些流言，但都不确定。
I'm not sure─I can find out for definite if you like. 我没把握——如果你愿意我可以去核实。
‘We're moving our office to Glasgow. ’ ‘That's a definite, is it? ’ “我们的办事处要搬到格拉斯哥去。”“这事儿定了，是吗？” 
‘Is Sarah coming to the party? ’ ‘Yes, she's a definite. ’ “萨拉要来参加聚会吗？”“是的，她肯定来。”

adj.（人或其性格）内向的、矜持的、寡言少语的:
adj.（餐厅的餐桌、剧院的座位等）预订的、预约的、保留的:
reserved |[rɪˈzɜ:vd;美rɪˈzɜ:rvd]
He was unemotional, quite quiet, and reserved. 他感情淡漠，沉默寡言，性格内敛。
Even though I'm quite a reserved person, I like meeting people. 我虽然性格极为内敛，但喜欢和人接触。
She seems very reserved. 她似乎很矜持。
his fairly reserved manner 他很拘谨的举止
Seats, or sometimes entire tables, were reserved. 一些散座，有时候是整桌，都被预订了。

n. 1 [U, sing.] affection (for sb/sth) 非常喜欢（或热爱）某人（或某事物）并对其表示关心，可称为关爱、关怀等:
2 [pl.] [正式] affections 一个人所怀有的爱恋之情:
affection |[ə'fekʃn]
Mr Darcy’s affection for his sister 达西先生对他妹妹的关爱之情 
Children need lots of love and affection. 孩子需要多多疼爱和关怀。
She had developed a real affection for him. 她逐渐对他产生了真爱。
He didn’t show his wife any affection. 他没有向妻子表示一点爱。
The teacher showed affection to all her students. 这位老师对她所有的学生都充满了爱。
She was held in deep affection by all her students. 她的学生都十分爱戴她。
I have a great affection for New York. 我很喜欢纽约。
He has a great affection for animals. 他非常喜爱动物。
Anne had two men trying to win her affections. 安妮有两个男人追求。
The object of his affections was a singer. 他的意中人是个歌手。
