trade-off								平衡，换取
endless								无限的
temptation								诱惑
legislation							法律
duplication							复制
trick									诡计，恶作剧，技巧，习惯，欺骗
evaluation								评估
abandonment							离弃，放弃
turbulent								猛烈的，动荡的
expel									开除
carpenter								木匠
hasty									匆忙的，草率的
unprecedented							空前的
extreme								极度的，极端的，极度，极端
modernize								现代化
interactive							相互作用的，交互的
successively							连续的
innovation								新方法，革新
elaborately							周详充分的，精美的，复杂的
vegetarian								素食者
faculty								官能，才能，院系
faculty of Science						理学院
render								使成为，提供，描绘，翻译
portray								画，描绘
notion								观念，了解
tropical								热带的
character								性格，特性，字，名誉
infectious								感染性的，富有感染力的
lawn									草坪
permanent								永久的
\\\\\\\\

unequally |ʌnˈiːkwəli| Adverb/:不平等,不平等的



a balance achieved between two desirable but incompatible features, a compromise:在两个理想但不兼容的功能之间取得平衡，一种妥协
trade-off |ˈtreɪdɒf| Noun/:,交易,取舍
a trade-off between objectivity and relevance:客观性和相关性之间的权衡

adj. 持续很长一段时间且似乎没有尽头的:
adj.（数量）极大的且似乎没有尽头的，相当于limitless:
adj.（尺寸）极大的且似乎没有尽头的，相当于limitless:
adj. [术语]（环状物等）两端连接的，环状的:
endless |['endlɪs]
their endless arguing 他们无休止的争吵 
the endless hours 无数小时
endless patience 无限的耐心 
endless opportunities for making money 无数挣钱的机会 
The possibilities are endless. 存在着无限的可能性。
an endless list of things to do 列不完的要做的事 
an endless supply 无限供给
The road seemed endless. 这条路似乎没有尽头。
an endless loop of tape 环状带

n. 1 [C, U] 引诱、诱惑（是一种欲望），常是坏的诱惑:
2 [C] 诱人的事物（常是坏的诱惑物）:
temptation |[tempˈteɪʃn]
the temptation of easy profits 轻而易举获利的诱惑 
to give way to/yield to temptation 经不住诱惑 
I couldn't resist the temptation to open the letter. 我抵制不住好奇心把信打开了。
Will they be able to resist the temptation to buy? 他们能忍住诱惑不买吗？
Don't put temptation in her way by offering her a cigarette. 别递烟来引诱她。
sexual temptation 性诱惑 
I had the constant temptation to look out of the window. 我总是禁不住想向窗外看。
Keep your valuables locked away so as not to put temptation in the way of thieves. 锁好你的贵重物品，免得招贼。
An expensive bicycle is a temptation to thieves. 高档自行车对窃贼是个诱惑。
the many temptations to which you will be exposed 你将面临的许多诱惑

n. [U] 议会通过的一部（或一系列）法律、法规:
n. [U] 法律的制定和通过的过程，即立法:
legislation |[ˌledʒɪsˈleɪʃn]
an important piece of legislation 一条重要的法规 
New legislation on the sale of drugs will be introduced next year. 有关药物销售的新法规将于明年出台。
Congress approved legislation which outlawed the sale of the drug. 国会批准了禁止出售该药的法律。
unworkable legislation（英）不可行的法规 
The police think that such legislation would be unworkable. 警方认为这种法规不可行。
anti-abortion, anti-discrimination, civil-rights, employment, energy（尤美）, environmental, gun control, health, housing, human right（尤英）, reform, social legislation 反堕胎法；反歧视法；民权法；劳动就业法；能源法；环境法；枪支管制法；卫生法；住房法；人权法；改革法；社会法 
draft, proposed legislation 法律草案；法律提案 
Governor Bradbery signed legislation for $20 million in municipal relief. 布拉德伯里州长签署了2,000万美元的城市救济法案。
Member states may not adopt legislation contrary to EU law. 成员国不能采纳与欧盟法律相悖的法规。
Companies have until December 31 to comply with the new legislation. 公司必须在12月31号之后遵守新的法律。
New legislation on drink-driving comes into effect at the end of the year. 新的酒后驾驶法年底生效。
This will be a criminal offence under the new legislation. 按照新法，这将是一项刑事罪。
They are planning the introduction of legislation against sex discrimination. 他们计划出台反性别歧视的法律。
Legislation will be difficult and will take time. 立法既费力又耗时。
a letter calling for legislation to protect women's rights 一封呼吁立法保护妇女权益的信 
They are calling for tough legislation to tackle this problem. 他们提出制定严格的法律来解决这个问题。
federal, national, parliamentary, state legislation 联邦立法；全国立法；议会立法；国家立法 
Anyone has the right to initiate legislation. 任何人都有权提出立法。
The government is pushing through legislation to ban smoking in all public places. 政府正在力促通过立法，禁止在公共场所吸烟。
Religious interests may try to block this legislation. 宗教利益集团有可能试图阻挠这项立法。
Legislation on this issue is urgently needed. 这个问题急需立法。

n. [U, C]（某人执行任务过程中）不必要的重复（因为先前已经做过了）:
duplication |[ˌdju:plɪˈkeɪʃn;美ˌdu:-]
Duties have been reassigned to avoid wasteful duplication of work. 为避免重复劳动浪费资源，任务已经重新分派。
The new procedures should reduce duplication of medical care and treatment. 新的流程应当减少重复治疗。

n. [C] 为欺骗某人所做的事，可称为诡计、花招、把戏、骗局等；或为使某人恼怒而以开玩笑的方式所做的事（即恶作剧）:
adj. 只用于名词前，意在欺骗某人的:
vt. 使某人相信假的事情（尤指为欺骗之目的），即欺骗，欺诈:
n. [C] 让人的视觉、理解力、记忆力等引起错觉的事物；令人困惑的事:
n. [usually sing.] 做事的好方法、技巧或窍门:
n. [C] 在一局纸牌游戏中所打出（或赢得）的牌:
n. [C]（作为一种娱乐方式的）戏法:
n. [usually sing.] 做事的好方法、技巧或窍门:
adj. [美] 只用于名词前，（身体部位）虚弱有病的:
trick |[trɪk]
They had to think of a trick to get past the guards. 他们只好想出个计谋骗过岗哨。
The kids are always playing tricks on their teacher. 孩子们经常耍些花招戏弄老师。
She won’t fall for such a stupid trick. 她不会被这么愚蠢的把戏骗倒。
It was a trick question. 那是个容易使人上当的问题。
It’s all done using trick photography. 这都是利用特技摄影产生的假象。
I’d been tricked and I felt stupid. 我被人骗了，觉得自己真傻。
He managed to trick his way past the security guards. 他想方设法骗过保安员走了。
One of the problems of old age is that your memory can start to play tricks on you. 老年人的问题之一是记忆可能紊乱起来。
Was there somebody standing there or was it a trick of the light? 是真的有人站在那儿还是光线引起的错觉？
The trick is to pick the animal up by the back of its neck. 窍门在于抓住动物的后脖颈把它提起来。
a trick for getting out red wine stains 去除红酒渍的窍门 
There’s no trick to it--you just need lots of practice. 没有窍门，只有多多练习。
He used the old trick of attacking in order to defend himself. 他采用了以攻为守的老招数。
the tricks of the trade 行业的诀窍 
camera, rhetorical, accounting trick 摄影技法；修辞技巧；会计手法
I won six tricks in a row. 我接连赢了六墩牌。
He amused the kids with conjuring tricks. 他变戏法逗得孩子们直乐。
card trick 纸牌戏法
The trick is to pick the animal up by the back of its neck. 窍门在于抓住动物的后脖颈把它提起来。
a trick for getting out red wine stains 去除红酒渍的窍门 
There’s no trick to it--you just need lots of practice. 没有窍门，只有多多练习。
He used the old trick of attacking in order to defend himself. 他采用了以攻为守的老招数。
the tricks of the trade 行业的诀窍 
camera, rhetorical, accounting trick 摄影技法；修辞技巧；会计手法
a trick knee 膝软

n. [C, U]（对数量、价值或品质作出的）评估、评价:
evaluation |[ɪˌvæljuˈeɪʃn]
objective, subjective evaluation（均尤美）客观的评价；主观的评价 
subjective evaluations of the costs 对成本的主观评估 
critical, empirical, statistical evaluation 批判性评价；实证性评价；统计性评价 
a critical evaluation of the film 对这部电影的批判性评价 
We'll revisit our initial evaluation. 我们会重新审核我们的初步评估。
negative, positive evaluation（均尤美）消极的评价；积极的评价 
She generally gets positive evaluations from her managers. 她通常会得到经理们的好评。
formal evaluation 正式评价 
job（尤英）, performance（尤美）evaluation 工作评估；业绩评估 
a new pay structure based on job evaluations 建立在工作评估基础上的新工资体系 
student evaluation（美）学生测评 
the end-of-course student evaluations 学生的结课测评 
annual evaluation（尤美）年度评估 
his employees' annual evaluations 他的雇员年度评估 
clinical, medical, psychiatric, psychological evaluation（均尤美）（英式英语通常用assessment）临床评估；医学评估；精神病学评估；心理学评估 
the results of clinical evaluations 临床评估结果 
We still have to carry out an evaluation of the results. 我们仍须对结果作出评价。
He is undergoing psychiatric evaluation. 他正在接受精神病学鉴定。
an evaluation of the health care system 对医疗制度的评价 
a recently completed evaluation of primary health care 最近完成的初级医疗保健评估 
symptoms that require medical evaluation 需要进行医学评估的症状 
evaluation procedure, evaluation process 鉴定程序；评估过程 
evaluation study 评估研究 
evaluation form（尤美）评定表 
During dinner, guests fill out a wine evaluation form. 晚饭中，客人填写了一张葡萄酒评价表。
evaluation criteria 评估标准 
The project developed a set of evaluation criteria. 这一项目形成了一套评估标准。
In their evaluation of the project, they considered only certain aspects of it. 在评估这个项目时，他们只考虑了其中的某些方面。
The new system is still under evaluation. 新体系还处在评估阶段。

the action or fact of abandoning or being abandoned:放弃或被放弃的行为或事实
abandonment |əˈband(ə)nm(ə)nt| Noun/:放弃,遗弃
she had a feeling of utter abandonment and loneliness:她有一种彻底被遗弃和孤独的感觉

characterized by conflict, disorder, or confusion, not stable or calm:以冲突、混乱或混乱为特征，不稳定或不平静
(of air or water) moving unsteadily or violently:（空气或水）不稳定或猛烈地移动
relating to or denoting flow of a fluid in which the velocity at any point fluctuates irregularly and there is continual mixing rather than a steady or laminar flow pattern.:关于或表示任何一点的速度不规则波动并且存在连续混合而不是稳定或层流模式的流体流动。
turbulent |ˈtəːbjʊlənt| Adjective/:汹涌的,动荡的
the country's turbulent history:这个国家动荡的历史
the turbulent sea:波涛汹涌的大海

vt. ~ sb/sth (from sth) 正式让某人离开一所学校或一个组织机构，如开除、除名:
vt. ~ sb/sth (from sth) 迫使某人离开一个国家或领地，即驱逐出境:
vt. ~ sb/sth (from sth) [术语] 迫使体内（或容器）中的空气、水、毒素等排出:
expel |[ɪkˈspel]
He was/got expelled from school for taking drugs at 15. 他15岁时因吸食毒品而被学校开除。
More than five-thousand secondary school students have been expelled for cheating. 5,000多名中学生因为作弊被开除。
a boy expelled from school for making death threats to his teacher 因为威胁要杀死老师而被学校开除的男孩 
Olympic athletes expelled for drug-taking 因服禁药被取消比赛资格的奥运会运动员         
Foreign journalists are being expelled. 外国记者被驱逐出境。
An American academic was expelled from the country yesterday. 昨天一位美国学者被逐出该国。
They were told at first that they should simply expel the refugees. 一开始有人告诉他们应该直接将那些难民驱逐出境。
They were forcibly expelled from their farm by the occupying authorities. 他们被占领当局强制驱逐出自己的农场。
to expel air from the lungs 用力呼出肺里的气 
Expel all the air from your chest. 呼出胸腔中所有的空气。
As the lungs exhale this waste, gas is expelled into the atmosphere. 肺呼出这些废气被排到空气中。
Daily brushing of the skin helps the skin expel toxins. 每天擦洗皮肤有助于皮肤排毒。

n. [C] 制作、修理木器的人，即木匠，木工:
carpenter |['kɑːpəntə]


adj. 1 匆忙的、仓促的（尤指会导致不好的结果）:
2 ~ in doing sth（人）仓促行事的、草率做出决定的、考虑不周的:
hasty |[ˈheɪsti]
hasty departure，hasty farewell 急急忙忙的离去；仓促的告别 
Let's not make any hasty decisions. 我们不要匆忙做决定。
One company is giving its employees airplane tickets in the event they need to make a hasty escape. 一家公司正在给自己的员工发机票，万一需要就紧急撤离。
After the hasty meal, the men had moved forward to take up their positions. 匆匆忙忙吃过饭后，大家走出来，各就各位。
So let's not be hasty. After all, he can't run away. 所以我们不要鲁莽行事。毕竟他是跑不掉的。
hasty conclusion 仓促的结论 
hasty retreat 仓促的撤退 
Perhaps I was too hasty in rejecting his offer. 我拒绝他的提议也许过于草率了。

adj. 前所未有的；空前的；没有先例的:
adj.（数量、规模）很大的:
adj.（质量）很高的:
unprecedented |[ʌnˈpresɪdentɪd]
The situation is unprecedented in modern times. 这种情况在现代还没有出现过。
Such a move is rare, but not unprecedented. 这种做法很罕见，但也不是没有先例的。
In 1987 the Socialists took the unprecedented step of appointing a civilian to command the force. 1987年，社会党人史无前例地任命了一位非军队出身的人来指挥军队。
a historically unprecedented growth in retirement at a fixed age 在固定退休年龄退休的人数空前增长            
The scheme has been hailed as an unprecedented success. 这个计划广受好评，被认为是一个巨大的成功。
Each home boasts an unprecedented level of quality throughout. 每家的质量都堪称一流。

n. [C] 在感情、情况、行为方式等方面与一者极为不同（或截然相反）的另一者:
adj. 只用于名词前，尽量远离中心、开始或某个方向的，如末端的、尽头的:
adj. 不寻常的；严重的。常翻译为“极端的”，程度在本组几乎最深:
adj.（人、政治组织、意见等）远远偏离正常或合理范围的，如极端的、偏激的。与moderate相反:
n. [C] 某事物的最大（或最高）程度，如极度、极端（也可看作一种程度上的极限）:
adj. 常用于名词前，程度非常深的，如极其的、极度的:
extreme |[ɪk'stri:m]
extremes of love and hate 爱和恨两种截然不同的感情 
Their views are at opposite extremes from each other. 他们的观点极端对立。
to go from one extreme to the other 从一个极端走向另一个极端 
He used to be very shy, but now he’s gone to the opposite extreme. 他以前很腼腆，现在却走向了另一个极端。
the extreme west of Ireland 爱尔兰的最西端 
She sat on the extreme edge of her seat. 她坐在座位最边上。
in extreme circumstances 在极端情况下 
Don’t go doing anything extreme like leaving the country. 千万不要做出诸如离开国家之类的极端行为。
a extreme example 极端事例 
extreme weather conditions 极端天气状况
extreme left-wing views 极左观点 
Some of his views seem rather extreme. 他的一些观点似乎有些极端。
extremes of cold, extremes of wind, extremes of rain 严寒；狂风；骤雨 
climatic, political, temperature extreme 气候上的极端；政治上的极端；温度上的极端 
There is no need to go to such extremes. 没必要走这样的极端。
It’s foolish to take any dieting to extremes. 饮食上走极端是愚蠢的。
at the extreme 在极端情况下 
His voice was scornful in the extreme. 他的声音听起来极为轻蔑。
She was always generous to the extreme. 她总是大方过头。
We are working under extreme pressure at the moment. 目前我们正在极大的压力下工作。
extreme poverty 极度贫困 
The heat in the desert was extreme. 沙漠中极其炎热。

adapt (something) to modern needs or habits, typically by installing modern equipment or adopting modern ideas or methods:adapt(something)tomodernneedsor习惯，通常通过安装现代设备或采用现代思想或方法
modernize |ˈmɒdənʌɪz| Verb/:现代化,进行现代化
he modernized the health service:he使卫生服务现代化

adj. 1（人与人之间）合作的、相互影响的、相互配合的、互动的:
2 [计算机] 人机交互的、人机对话的:
interactive |[ˌɪntərˈæktɪv]
The school believes in interactive teaching methods. 这所学校相信互动教学法。
interactive systems, interactive video 交互式系统；交互式视频 
This will make videogames more interactive than ever. 这将使电子游戏的互动性更胜以往。
The gaming world is highly interactive. 游戏世界内高度互动。
The program is fully interactive. 这一程序完全是交互式的。

immediately one after another:马上一个接一个
successively |səkˈsɛsɪvli| Adverb/:依次,先后,相继地
he served successively as a major and a lieutenant-colonel:他先后担任少校和中校

n. 1 [U] ~ (in sth)（新事物、思想或方法的）创造；创新:
2 [C] ~ (in sth)（创造的或新发现的）新思想、新方法:
innovation |[ˌɪnəˈveɪʃn]
We must promote originality and encourage innovation. 我们必须提倡创意，鼓励革新。
architectural, artistic, cultural, educational, industrial, musical, organizational, scientific, stylistic, technical, technological innovation 建筑创新；艺术创新；文化创新；教育创新；工业创新；音乐创新；组织创新；科学创新；风格创新；技术创新 
design, policy, product innovation 设计创新；政策革新；产品创新 
Too strict a regulatory system will stifle innovation. 过度严格的管理体制会扼杀创新。
innovation process创新过程 
innovation in engineering 工程方面的创新 
The vegetarian burger was an innovation which was rapidly exported to Britain. 素食汉堡是一种迅速传到了英国的新开发食品。
recent innovations in steel-making technology 
innovations in machinery and instruments 机械和工具方面的创新 
scientific, technical, technological innovation 科学创新；工艺革新；技术创新等 
methodological innovation 方法上的创新 
His last novel pays tribute to Joyce's stylistic innovations. 他的上一部小说是向乔伊斯的风格创新的致敬之作。
She believed she had come up with one of the greatest innovations of modern times. 她相信自己提出的革新思想是当代最伟大的思想之一。
Many innovations were introduced by the 1919 Act. 很多创新都是由1919年的法案引入的。
technological innovations designed to save energy 旨在节约能源的技术革新

in a detailed and carefully arranged manner:以详细和精心安排的方式
elaborately |ɪˈlab(ə)rətli| Adverb/:精心,精心地,精心制作的
elaborately decorated cakes:精心装饰的蛋糕

adj.（食物）无肉的、素的:
n. [C] 素食者:
adj.（人）吃素的、素食的（即不吃肉的）:
vegetarian |[ˌvedʒəˈteəriən;美-ˈter-]
vegetarian dish, vegetarian food, vegetarian meal 素菜；素食；素餐 
vegetarian cookery（英）, vegetarian cooking 素食烹饪 
vegetarian diet 素食 
vegetarian restaurant 素餐馆 
vegetarian lasagnes 素卤汁宽面 
Yasmin sticks to a strict vegetarian diet. 亚斯明坚持不沾一点儿荤腥。
Is she a vegetarian? 她是素食者吗？
They are strict vegetarians. 他们非素食不吃 
All our cheeses are suitable for vegetarians.（尤英）我们的奶酪全都适合素食者食用。
Are you vegetarian? 你只吃素食吗？
Over 1.5 million people in Britain are vegetarian. 在英国，1,500多万人都是素食主义者。

n. 1 [C, usually pl.] 一个人天生的身体或智力上的官能、天赋:
2 [sing.] [正式] ~ of/for (doing) sth 做某事的能力、才能:
n. [C] 高等院校的院系:
n. 1 [C]（高等院校中院、系的）全体教师:
2 [C, U] [美]（常用the faculty）（某个高等院校的）全体教师:
faculty |[ˈfæklti]
the faculty of sight 视觉 
It is also a myth that the faculty of hearing is greatly increased in blind people. 盲人的听力会大幅增强也是一种谬谈。
to be in full possession of your faculties (= be able to speak, hear, see, understand, etc.) 拥有一切官能（能够说、听、看见、理解等）
He was drunk and not in control of his faculties. 他喝醉了，浑身都不听使唤了。
the evolution of man's higher faculties 人类高级官能的进化 
cognitive, intellectual, mental, rational faculty 认知能力；智力；思维理解能力；推理能力 
He is not in full possession of all his mental faculties. 他尚不具备完善的思维理解能力。
She retained her mental faculties (= the ability to think and understand) until the day she died. 她直到临终那天一直保持着思维和理解能力。
creative, critical, imaginative, moral faculty 创造力；评判力；想象力；辨别是非的能力 
She is over eighty but still has all her faculties. 虽然她已年过八旬，但心智甚明。
We try to develop the student's critical faculties. 我们努力培养学生的批判能力。
the faculty of understanding complex issues 理解复杂问题的能力 
He had a faculty for seeing his own mistakes. 他具有看到自己错误的能力。
our faculty for picking up speech even in noisy environments 我们在很嘈杂的环境下也能听清他人讲话的能力
the Faculty of Law 法学院 
English, law, medical faculty 英语学院；法学院；医学院 
students who are doing degrees in the Arts Faculty 在文学院攻读学位的学生
the Law School faculty 法学院全体教师 
a faculty meeting 
faculty members 全系教师 
faculty members 全体教师 
The faculty agreed on a change in the requirements. 全体教师一致同意修改规定。
How can faculty improve their teaching so as to encourage creativity? 教师们如何才能改进教学以激发创造性呢？
college, department, university faculty 学院的全体教员；院系的全体教员；大学的全体教员 
He is currently on the faculty at the University of Texas. 他目前在德克萨斯大学任教。
She joined the faculty of the University of Maryland. 她成为马里兰大学的一名教员。
I was fortunate to receive a faculty appointment at Ohio State. 我幸运地收到了在俄亥俄州立大学担任教员的委任。
faculty union 教师工会 
faculty adviser, faculty mentor 指导教师；导师 
the faculty of the University of Iowa 艾奥瓦大学的全体教员

provide or give (a service, help, etc.):提供或给予（服务、帮助等）
submit or present for inspection or consideration:提交或提交以供检查或考虑
deliver (a verdict or judgement):deliver（判决或判决）
give up; surrender:放弃；26
cause to be or become; make:导致成为或成为；13
represent or depict artistically:代表或描绘艺术
perform (a piece of music):perform（一段音乐）
translate:翻译
process (an outline image) using colour and shading in order to make it appear solid and three-dimensional:process（轮廓图像）使用颜色和阴影以使其显得立体和立体
covertly send (a foreign criminal or terrorist suspect) for interrogation abroad; subject to extraordinary rendition.:将（外国犯罪嫌疑人、恐怖分子嫌疑人）秘密送至国外讯问；制作
melt down (fat) in order to clarify it:
process (the carcass of an animal) in order to extract proteins, fats, and other usable parts:process（动物尸体）以提取蛋白质、脂肪和其他可用部分
cover (stone or brick) with a coat of plaster:
a first coat of plaster applied to a brick or stone surface.:在砖或石头表面涂上第一层石膏。
render |ˈrɛndə| Noun/Verb/:使成为,渲染,呈现
money serves as a reward for services rendered:money作为对所提供服务的奖励
he would render income tax returns at the end of the year:he会在年底提交所得税申报表
the jury's finding amounted to the clearest verdict yet rendered upon the scandal:陪审团的调查结果是迄今为止对丑闻做出的最明确的裁决
he will render up his immortal soul:他将献出他不朽的灵魂
the rains rendered his escape impossible:therains使他无法逃脱
the eyes and the cheeks are exceptionally well rendered:眼睛和脸颊渲染得特别好
a soprano solo reverently rendered by Linda Howie:LindaHowie虔诚演绎的女高音独奏
the phrase was rendered into English:这句话被翻译成了英文
he is forced to render images by intermixing pixels of a few basic colours:he被迫通过混合几种基本颜色的像素来渲染图像
the fat was being cut up and rendered for lard:脂肪被切碎并提炼成猪油
animal carcasses were rendered to provide a protein supplement:animal尸体被提炼以提供蛋白质补充剂
external walls will be rendered and tiled:外墙将被渲染和平铺

vt. 在一幅画中展示某人或某事物；在一篇文章中描述某人或某事物。如描绘或描写:
vt. ~ sb/sth (as sb/sth) 将…描绘成…（尤指描绘得不全面或不准确）。如表现、刻画:
vt.（在电影中）扮演某个角色:
vt. 在一篇文章中描述某人或某事物:
vt. ~ sb/sth (as sb/sth) 将…描绘成…（尤指描绘得不全面或不准确）:
vt. 在一幅画中展示某人或某事物。如描绘或描写:
vt.（在电影中）扮演某个角色:
portray |[pɔ:ˈtreɪ;美pɔ:rˈt-]
the landscape as portrayed by painters such as Claude and Poussin 克劳德和普桑等画家所描绘的风景 
The museum collection vividly portrays the heritage of 200 years of canals. 博物馆的藏品生动地再现了运河200年的历史。
this northern novelist, who accurately portrays provincial domestic life. 这位准确描述外省家庭生活的北方小说家 
an incident that graphically portrays the dangers associated with this sport 形象地反映该项体育运动存在危险的事件 
Throughout the trial, he portrayed himself as the victim. 在审讯过程中，他始终把自己说成是受害者。
She says the programme portrayed her as a 'lady of easy virtue'. 她说这个节目把她刻画成了一个“水性杨花的女人”。
complaints about the way women are portrayed in adverts 投诉在广告中如此刻画女性
In 1975 he portrayed the king in a Los Angeles revival of 'Camelot'. 他1975年在洛杉矶重新上演的剧目《卡米洛》中扮演国王。
this northern novelist, who accurately portrays provincial domestic life. 这位准确描述外省家庭生活的北方小说家 
Throughout the trial, he portrayed himself as the victim. 在审讯过程中，他始终把自己说成是受害者。
the landscape as portrayed by painters such as Claude and Poussin 克劳德和普桑等画家所描绘的风景 
The museum collection vividly portrays the heritage of 200 years of canals. 博物馆的藏品生动地再现了运河200年的历史。
an incident that graphically portrays the dangers associated with this sport 形象地反映该项体育运动存在危险的事件
Her father will be portrayed by Sean Connery. 肖恩·康纳利将饰演她的父亲。
the busty and rumbustious Mrs Hall, excellently portrayed by Toni Palmer 由托妮·帕默精彩演绎的胸部丰满、吵吵嚷嚷的霍尔太太

n. [pl.] 针线、纽扣、拉链等小件缝纫用品，即针头线脑:
~ (of sth) 观念、信念、理解:
notion |[ˈnəʊʃn;美ˈnoʊʃn]
a political system based on the notions of equality and liberty 建立在自由平等观念基础上的政治体系 
I have to reject the notion that greed can be a good thing. 我不能接受那种认为贪欲也可以是件好事的想法。
We each have a notion of just what kind of person we'd like to be. 我们每人都有一个自己想成为什么样的人的想法。
I reject absolutely the notion that privatisation of our industry is now inevitable. 我绝对不能接受我们这一产业的私有化目前已成必然的看法。
I haven't the foggiest notion of how to get there. 我压根儿就不知道怎样去那儿。
There seems to be a general notion that nothing can be done about the problem. 人们似乎普遍认为这个问题没法解决。
He has a very vague notion of who his customers are. 他对哪些人是他的客户只有一个非常模糊的概念。
She had only a vague notion of what might happen. 对于可能发生的事她只有一个模糊的概念。
We must dispel this notion that you can rely on the state for everything. 我们必须打消一切都要靠国家的念头。
They refused to entertain the notion. 他们拒绝接受这一观念。
They have come to reject the traditional notion of womanhood. 他们已经到了反对有关妇女的传统观念的地步。

adj. 热带的；来自热带的、产自热带的:
tropical |[ˈtrɒpɪkl;美ˈtrɑ:p-]
tropical weather 热带天气 
tropical Africa 热带非洲 
a tropical island 位于热带地区的岛 
a plan to preserve the world's tropical forests 保护世界热带雨林的计划 
tropical diseases 热带疾病 
tropical fish 热带鱼

n. [C, U] [正式] 人们对某人所持有的观点，尤其是他们认为此人是否可信赖或可依靠，即人品；声望；名誉；名气。是一个基础用词:
n. [U] 褒义，指坚强的个人品质，如处理困难或危险情况的能力:
n. [C] [非正式] 与形容词连用，表示一个人，尤指一个令人讨厌的或古怪的人:
n. [C, usually sing.]（使不同的人或群体相互区别的）性格:
n. 1 [C, usually sing., U]（事物、事件或地方的）特点，特征，特色。与nature近义。是一个常规用词，含义最广泛，也最常用:
2 [U] 通常为褒义，指一个地方或人所拥有的有趣或不同寻常的品质，即与众不同之处，特色:
3 [C] [非正式] 一个不同寻常的人:
n. [C] [非正式] 一个有趣的人:
n. [C, usually sing.]（使不同的人或群体相互区别的）品质:
n. [C] 书籍、戏剧或电影中的一个人（或动物），即人物，角色:
n. [C]（计算机上的）字符，字母，符号，标记:
n. [C]（书写、印刷或计算机上的）字符，字母，符号，标记。是“字符”的基础用词:
character |['kærɪktə]
personal attacks on my character 对我的人品进行的人身攻击 
She was a victim of character assassination. 她是诽谤行为的受害者。
My teacher agreed to be a character witness for me in court. 我的老师同意出庭做我的品德见证人。
her strength of character 她坚强的性格 
He showed great character returning to the sport after his accident. 他在出了事故后仍能重返体坛表现出他坚强的性格。
There were some really strange characters hanging around the bar. 有些不三不四的人在酒吧周围游荡。
a negative side to his character 他性格中的消极一面 
strong character 坚强的性格 
weak character 软弱的性格 
It’s not in his character to tell lies. 撒谎不符合他的性格。
the delicate character of the light in the evening 夜间灯火所具有的那种柔和的特点 
Food in Italy has a distinct regional character. 意大利食品具有独特的地方风味。
the public character of material published on the Internet 互联网上发表的材料的公共性 
the rural character of the area 该地区的乡村特色。
Each house in the street has its own distinctive character. 街道上的每幢房屋都有自己的独特风格。
His face has character--I’ll say that for it. 说句公道话——他的脸长得很有特点。
buildings of considerable character 风格独特的建筑 
The restaurant is cheap and full of character. 这家餐馆价格不高而且很有特色。
Your handwriting has a character of its own. 你写的字别具一格。
He’s a nut, a real character. 他是个怪人，一个真正与众不同的人。
It’s that kind of courage and determination that makes him such a remarkable character. 正是那种勇气和决心使他成为这样卓越的人。
She’s a character! 她真是个有趣的人！ 
moral character 道德品质 
She revealed her true character when anyone disagree with her. 有谁不同意她的意见，她就暴露出真实面目。
main character 主角 
supporting character 配角 
fictional character 小说中的人物；虚构的人物 
comic, heroic, tragic character 喜剧角色；英雄角色；悲剧角色 
animated, cartoon character 动画人物；卡通人物 
the artist who developed the Superman character 塑造了超人角色的演员 
a string of characters 一组字符；一串字符 
character set, character string 字符组；字符串
Chinese characters 汉字 
a line 30 characters long 长达30个字符的一行 
number character 数字 
character set, character string 字符组；字符串

adj.（感情）有感染力的、易传播的:
adj. 1（疾病）传染性的:
2 [名词前不常用]（人或动物）患有传染病的:
infectious |[ɪnˈfekʃəs]
infectious laughter 富有感染力的笑声 
There was a peal of laughter down the phone, which Harry found infectious. 电话里传来一阵响亮的笑声,哈里也不禁受其感染。
She radiates an infectious enthusiasm for everything she does. 她做任何事情都充满一种极富感染力的热情。
infectious diseases such as measles 类似麻疹这样的传染病 
These viruses affect children and are highly infectious. 这些病毒会侵袭儿童，而且具有很强的传染性。
Flu is highly infectious. 流感的传染性很高。
I'm still infectious. 我还处在传染期。

n. [U]（用于制作布料的）上等细棉布（或麻布）:
n. [C] 草坪（院子里的草坪，草比较矮小，可在上面玩游戏）:
lawn |[lɔ:n]
manicured lawn 修剪整齐的草坪 
a well-tended lawn 一片护理得很好的草坪 
overgrown 杂草蔓生的草坪 
back, front lawn 屋后的草坪；屋前的草坪 
The lawn really needs mowing. 草坪真需要修剪了。
In summer we have to mow the lawn twice a week. 夏天我们每周得修剪草坪两次。
I was out watering the lawn. 我在外面浇灌草坪。
the correct way to maintain a lawn 维护草坪的正确方法 
a croquet lawn 槌球场 
They were sitting on the lawn under a large beech tree. 他们坐在一棵高大的山毛榉树下的草坪上。

adj. 持续很长一段时间的；或将来一直持续下去的；一直存在的。即永恒的，永久的；长久的:
n. [C] [旧时，美] 卷发或烫发的方式，相当于perm:
permanent |['pə:mənənt]
permanent job 固定工作 
permanent address 固定地址 
permanent damage 永久性损伤 
a permanent solution to the problem 一个解决该问题的永久性办法 
a permanent state of tension 长期的紧张状态 
to live together on a permanent basis 长期住在一起 
We decided to make the arrangement permanent. 我们决定保持这一安排长久不变。
Her hair had had a permanent, but had grown out. 她的头发曾经烫卷过，但又长出新的了。
