encompass				包含，围绕
parish					堂区，乡村小区
acre					英亩，大量
swamp					沼泽，淹没
marsh					沼泽
nurture					扶持，培养
ecological				生态的
cultural					文化的
settler					移民
contribute				捐献，提出，是原因之一
unique					唯一的，独特的
cuisine					烹饪，饭菜
apart					相隔，除外，与众不同的
bald					秃的，不加掩饰的
cypress					柏树
drape					悬挂，覆盖，窗帘
moss					苔藓
iconic					标志性
incredibly					极其，难以置信的
partnerships				合伙关系
combine					混合，搭配，使结合
livable					可居住的
sustainable				可持续性的
region					地带，行政区，身体部位
the regions				除首都以外的完全地区
Labor Day				劳动节
sloth					树懒，懒散
outpace					在速度上超过
scarcely					几乎不，根本不，刚一...就
muscle					肌肉，体力，权力，用力塞
conserve					节省，储存，保护
scant					一丁点的
diet					节食，日常饮食
a diet of					大量单一的东西
hang					贴，悬挂，垂着，诀窍
claw					手，爪子，用爪子抓，拼命努力
descend					走下，递减，突袭，起源，是后裔
occasional				偶尔，应景的
dangle					悬荡，用...诱惑
snooze					打盹
jealous					嫉妒的，小心守护的
\\\\\\\\

vt. [正式] 包含、包括大量或大范围的事物:
vt. [正式] 完全包围、围绕或覆盖某事物:
encompass |[ɪnˈkʌmpəs]
The group encompasses all ages. 这个小组各种年龄的人都有。
His repertoire encompassed everything from Bach to Schoenberg. 他能演奏从巴赫到勋伯格的所有作品。
The job encompasses a wide range of responsibilities. 这项工作涉及的职责范围很广。
the extra services, which start next September and encompass a wide range of special interests 将从明年九月开始并涵盖各种特殊需求的额外服务 
The map shows the rest of the western region, encompassing nine states. 地图上显示了西部地区的其他部分，包括九个州。
The fog soon encompassed the whole valley. 大雾很快笼罩了整个山谷。
Encompassing over a million square miles, this remote and mountainous domain presides over the rest of Asia. 这片偏远多山的疆土位于亚洲大陆，占地超过100万平方英里。

(in the Christian Church) a small administrative district typically having its own church and a priest or pastor:（在基督教会中）一个小的行政区，通常有自己的教堂和牧师或牧师
the smallest unit of local government, constituted only in rural areas:地方政府的最小单位，仅在农村地区构成
(in Louisiana) a territorial division corresponding to a county in other states.:（在路易斯安那州）与其他州的县相对应的领土划分。
parish |ˈparɪʃ| Noun/:教区

n. [C] 丈量土地的一种单位，相当于4047平方米，即英亩:
acre |['eɪkə]
ten acres of land 十英亩土地

an area of low-lying, uncultivated ground where water collects; a bog or marsh.:一块积水的低洼未开垦土地；沼泽或沼泽。
an area of waterlogged ground:一片水淹地
overwhelm or flood with water:overwhelm或洪水泛滥
(of a boat) become overwhelmed with water and sink:(ofaboat)被水淹没并下沉
overwhelm with an excessive amount of something; inundate:overwhelm有过多的东西；淹没
swamp |swɒmp| Noun/Verb/:沼泽
the ceaseless deluge had turned the lawn into a swamp:不断的洪水把草坪变成了沼泽
a huge wave swamped the canoes:巨浪淹没了独木舟
the life boat somehow did not swamp, but made it to shore:救生艇不知何故没有进入沼泽，而是靠岸了
the country was swamped with goods from abroad:这个国家充斥着来自国外的货物

n. [C, U] 湿地；沼泽:
marsh |[mɑ:ʃ;美mɑ:rʃ]
Cows were grazing on the marshes. 牛群在湿地上吃草。
He keeps his cattle on the marshes. 他在沼泽地放牛。
coastal, salt, saltwater, tidal marsh 海岸沼泽;盐沼;潮沼 
freshwater marsh 淡水沼泽 
grazing marsh（英）放牧的草泽 
marsh grass, marsh plant 沼泽草地；沼泽植物 
marsh bird沼泽地鸟类

vt. [正式] 长时间发展、孕育（一种感情、思想、计划等）:
vt. [正式] 在某人生长发育的时候对其进行养育:
n. [U] [正式] 养育:
vt. [正式] 在某事物生长发育的时候对其进行养育、培养、养护:
vt. [正式] 帮助某人或某事物发展或成功:
n. [U] [正式] 培养:
nurture |[ˈnɜ:tʃə(r);美ˈnɜ:rtʃ-]
She secretly nurtured a hope of becoming famous. 她暗暗滋生出成名的愿望。
She had always nurtured great ambitions for her son. 她总是鼓励儿子要树立远大抱负。
parents whose political views were nurtured in the sixties 政治观点形成于60年代的父母一辈
children nurtured by loving parents 受到慈爱的父母养育的孩子 
Parents want to know the best way to nurture and raise their child to adulthood. 父母希望知道养育孩子长大成人的最佳方法。
These delicate plants need careful nurturing. 这些幼嫩的植物需要精心培育。
The modern conservatory is not an environment for nurturing plants. 这个现代化温室的环境不适合培育植物。
It's important to nurture a good working relationship. 培养良好的工作关系非常重要。
The human organism learns partly by nature, partly by nurture. 人的学习能力部分是天生的，部分是后天培养的。


relating to or using analysis or logical reasoning:关于或使用分析或逻辑推理
analytical |ˌanəˈlɪtɪkl| Adjective/:分析性的,解析的
analytical methods:分析方法
relating to or concerned with the relation of living organisms to one another and to their physical surroundings:有关或关注生物体彼此之间及其物理环境的关系
ecological |ˌiːkəˈlɒdʒɪkl| Adjective/:,生态
pollution is posing a serious threat to the ecological balance of the oceans:污染对海洋生态平衡构成严重威胁

relating to the ideas, customs, and social behaviour of a society:关于一个社会的观念、习俗和社会行为
relating to the arts and to intellectual achievements:有关艺术和智力成就
cultural |ˈkʌltʃ(ə)r(ə)l| Adjective/:文化,文化的
the cultural diversity of British society:英国社会的文化多样性
a cultural festival:a文化节

n. [C] 去一个新的国家或地区居住的一个人，可称为移民，或殖民者:
settler |['setlə]
white settlers in Africa 非洲的白人移民 
British settlers introduced pigs to Virginia. 英国定居者把猪带到了弗吉尼亚。

vi. contribute (to sth) 是…的原因之一:
vt.＆vi. contribute (sth) to sth 增加、改进、添加（到某事物）:
vt.＆vi. 在一次会议或谈话期间讲话（尤指为发表自己的观点）。不太常用:
vt.＆vi. contribute (sth) (to sth) 为报刊、杂志、广播节目或电视节目撰稿:
vt.＆vi. contribute (sth) (to/towards sth) 通过给予的方式（尤指给予钱物）来帮助某人或某事物，可称为捐赠、捐献、捐助:
contribute |[kən'trɪbju:t]
a contributing factor 促成因素 
Several factors might contribute to the development of the disease. 几个因素可能对病情的发展有影响。
countries that contribute disproportionately to global warming 加剧全球变暖效应的国家 
Unemployment contributes directly to homelessness. 失业对无家可归的情况有直接影响。
to contribute to the development of eating disorders 导致饮食紊乱 
Immigrants have contributed to British culture in many ways. 移民在许多方面都对英国文化有所贡献。
This book contributes little to our understanding of the subject. 此书对我们了解这门学科助益甚少。
His research has contributed enormously to our understanding of this disease. 他的研究对我们认识这一疾病贡献很大。
Parental involvement contributes significantly to children’s learning. 父母的参与对孩子学习有重要的作用。
We hope everyone will contribute to the discussion. 我们希望大家都能参与讨论。
He had very little to contribute to the conversation. 他在这次谈话中几乎什么也没说。
She contributed a number of articles to the magazine. 她给这家杂志撰写了一些稿件。
a photographer who contributed regularly to ‘The Face’ 定期向《面孔》杂志投稿的一位摄影师
I contributed £900 to the earthquake fund. 我向地震基金捐赠了900 英镑。
Would you like to contribute to our collection? 您愿意给我们的募捐捐款吗？
to contribute generously to the appeal 为这一呼吁慷慨解囊 
financially contribute 财务上捐助 
a situation where husband and wife contribute equally to the family budget 夫妻双方平等负担家庭预算的情况

adj. 1 非常特殊的，如独特的；非常不寻常的，如罕见的:
2 unique (to sb/sth) 仅属于某个人（或某个地点、事物）的，或仅与其有关的，如特有的，独具的:
adj.（某个种类中）唯一的，独一无二的:
unique |[ju:'ni:k]
a unique talent 奇才 
a unique opportunity 难得的机会 
The deal will put the company in a unique position to export goods to Eastern Europe. 这项协议给予这家公司向东欧输出商品的特殊地位。
The city has an atmosphere which is quite unique. 这座城市有一种十分独特的氛围。
The koala is unique to Australia. 树袋熊是澳大利亚独有的。
Everyone’s fingerprints are unique. 每个人的指纹都是独一无二的。
The magnificent light makes this place unique. 绚丽的灯光使得这个地方显得很独特。
Although such a case is rare, it is by no means unique. 这种情况很罕见，但并非绝无仅有。

n. [U, C] 一种烹饪风格:
n. [U, C] 饭店（通常指昂贵的饭店）中的饭菜:
cuisine |[kwɪ'zi:n]
Italian cuisine 意大利式烹饪
local, native（尤美）, regional cuisine 当地菜肴；家乡菜；地方菜肴 
traditional cuisine 传统菜肴 
authentic Thai cuisine 正宗的泰国菜

adv.（组织）破裂地:
adv.（关系）破裂地:
adv. 成各个小部分:
adv. 用于表示…不包含在你所说的范围之内，即除外:
adv. 不在一起，分开，分离:
adv. 被时间上的距离所隔开，即（时间上）相隔，相距:
adv. 1 成碎片:
2（组织或关系等）破裂地:
adj.（人们或群体间在某一话题或问题上）持有截然不同的观点的:
adv.（人们或群体间在某一话题或问题上）持有截然不同的观点地:
adv. 被空间上的距离所隔开，即（空间上）相隔，相距:
apart |[ə'pɑːt][ə'pɑːt]
His company started falling apart. 他的公司开始分崩离析。
We had to take the engine apart. 我们不得不拆开引擎。
to take a clock apart 把钟拆开
Colin apart, not one of them seems suitable for the job. 除了科林，看来他们中谁也不适合这份工作。
We’re living apart now. 我们现在不住在一起。
Over the years, Rosie and I had drifted apart. 多年以来，我和罗西早已疏远。
She keeps herself apart from other people. 她与其他人保持距离。
I can’t tell the twins apart. 我分不出这一对双胞胎中谁是谁。
What really sets Mr. Lee apart is that he comes from China. 真正使李先生与众不同的是他来自中国。
It was the first time Jane and I had been apart for more than a few days. 这是我和简第一次分开超过了几天。
Their birthdays are only three days apart. 他们的生日仅隔三天。
The whole thing just came apart in my hands. 这整件东西偏偏在我手里碎了。
When his wife died, his world fell apart.（比喻用法）他在妻子去世后万念俱灰。
The company will start falling apart. 该公司将会开始分崩离析。
Their concept of a performance and our concept were miles apart. 他们对一场表演的概念和我们的概念相去甚远。
The two sides in the talks are still a long way apart.（比喻用法）谈判双方的意见仍相去甚远。
The two houses stood 500 metres apart. 两座房子相距500米。

adj.（言语）不需要任何额外信息或细节来解释便能理解的，如明摆着的:
adj.（某事物）表面没有任何（通常应该有的）标记的:
adj.（言语）不需要任何额外信息或细节来解释便能理解的，如不加赘述的、直截了当的:
adj.（言语）不需要任何额外信息或细节来解释便能理解的，如不加赘述的、简单的:
adj.（通常有毛的动物）没毛的:
adj. 没有头发或头发很少的，即秃顶的、秃头的:
bald |[bɔ:ld]
The bald fact is that we don't need you any longer. 事实很简单，我们不再需要你了。
The bald truth is he's just not happy. 事实明摆着，他就是不开心。
a bald tyre (= a tyre whose surface has become smooth) 磨平了的轮胎        
The letter was a bald statement of our legal position. 那封信是对我们的法律立场的直截了当的声明。
The announcement came in a bald statement from the official news agency. 官方通讯社发表了直截了当的声明。
The bald fact is that we don't need you any longer. 事实很简单，我们不再需要你了。
Our dog has a bald patch on its leg. 我们的狗腿上脱了一片毛。
She is going bald. 她开始谢顶。
He started going bald in his twenties. 他二十几岁便开始谢顶。
The man's bald head was beaded with sweat. 这个男人的光头上满是汗珠。
young men who go prematurely bald 过早秃顶的年轻人

an evergreen coniferous tree with small rounded woody cones and flattened shoots bearing small scale-like leaves.:一棵常绿针叶树，带有小的圆形木质球果和带有小鳞片状叶子的扁平枝条。
a cypress tree, or branches from it, as a symbol of mourning.:一棵柏树或它的树枝，作为哀悼的象征。
used in names of coniferous trees of other families that resemble the cypress, e.g. swamp cypress.:用于类似柏树的其他科的针叶树的名称，例如沼泽柏树。
cypress |ˈsʌɪprəs| Noun/:柏,柏树

vt. ~ sth around/round/over, etc. sth 将身体的某部位随意搭在…上:
vt. ~ sth around/round/over, etc. sth 将身体的某部位随意靠在…上:
n. [usually pl.] [尤美]（美式英语也可用drapery）又长又厚的帘子、帷幕:
vt. ~ sth around/over/across, etc. sth 将（衣服、织物等）松散地悬挂（或披）在某人或某事物上:
vt. ~ sb/sth in/with sth 用织物等覆盖或装饰某人或某事物:
drape |[dreɪp]
Nicola slowly draped herself across the couch. 尼古拉慢慢地靠在了长沙发上。
He draped his arm over Daniels' shoulder. 他把手臂搭在丹尼尔的肩膀上。
His arm was draped casually around her shoulders. 他随意地将手臂搭在她的双肩上。
He sat with his arm draped casually around her shoulders. 他坐在那儿，胳膊随意地搭在她肩上。              
Nicola slowly draped herself across the couch. 尼古拉慢慢地靠在了长沙发上。
He pulled the drapes shut, locked the door behind him. 他把帘子拉严，转身把门锁好。
heavy, thick drapes 沉重的帷幕；厚厚的帷幕 
floral drapes 有花卉图案的帷幕 
silk, velvet drapes 丝绸帷幕；天鹅绒帷幕 
hanging drapes 悬挂的帷幕 
The heavy drapes were drawn shut. 沉重的帷幔拉上了。
She had a shawl draped around her shoulders. 她肩上披着一条围巾。
Natasha took the coat and draped it over her shoulders. 娜塔莎拿起外套披在肩上。
A soft white robe had been draped over a chair for Joanna's use. 一件柔软的白袍子搭在椅子上，供乔安娜使用。
He draped his coat over the back of the chair. 他把外衣搭在座椅背上。
She draped a cover over the old sofa. 她把套子罩在旧沙发上。
The coffin had been draped in a Union Jack. 灵柩上覆盖着英国国旗。
The body was draped in a blanket. 尸体上盖着一条毛毯。
He draped himself in the Canadian flag and went round the track. 他身披加拿大国旗绕跑道奔跑。
walls draped in ivy 长满常春藤的墙

a small flowerless green plant that lacks true roots, growing in damp habitats and reproducing by means of spores released from stalked capsules:一种没有真根的无花绿色小植物，生长在潮湿的环境中，依靠有茎的蒴果释放的孢子繁殖
used in names of algae, lichens, and higher plants resembling moss, e.g. reindeer moss, Ceylon moss, Spanish moss.:用于藻类、地衣和类似苔藓的高等植物的名称，例如驯鹿苔藓，锡兰苔藓，西班牙苔藓。
a green colour like that of moss.:像苔藓一样的绿色。
a bog, especially a peat bog.:a沼泽，尤其是泥炭沼泽。
cover with moss:覆盖苔藓
moss |mɒs| Noun/Verb/:苔藓,苔,青苔
the trees are overgrown with vines and moss:树上长满了藤蔓和苔藓
nature has mossed the gravel walks and roads:nature把碎石步道和道路弄脏了

relating to or of the nature of an icon:与图标有关或属于图标的性质
(of a classical Greek statue) depicting a victorious athlete in a conventional style.:（古典希腊雕像）以传统风格描绘了一位胜利的运动员。
iconic |ʌɪˈkɒnɪk| Adjective/:标志性的,象征性的
he became an iconic figure for directors around the world:he成为全球导演的标志性人物

to a great degree; extremely:在很大程度上；极其
used to introduce a statement that is hard to believe; strangely:用于介绍令人难以置信的陈述；奇怪的是
incredibly |ɪnˈkrɛdɪbli| Adverb/:难以置信,令人难以置信
Michele was incredibly brave:Michele非常勇敢
incredibly, he was still alive:难以置信，他还活着


partnerships | 伙伴关系,合作伙伴

combine A and B (together) 结合到一起以形成一个单一的事物或群体；将两个或多个事物（或群体）结合到一起以形成一个单一体:
2 来到一起而工作（或产生作用）；把两个事物或群体放到一起来共同产生效力:
vt. 1 combine A and/with B 有两个或多个不同的特征或特点；把两个或多个不同的事物、特点或品质放到一起:
2 combine A and/with B 同时做两件或两件以上的事:
n. [C] 英国也用combine harvester，农场用的一种大型的谷物收割机，可称为联合收割机:
n. [C] 在一家公司里联合行事的一群人或一群组织，可称为集团或联合企业。与group相比，combine只强调各企业在总体上的聚合感。而并不强调总部对其各成员公司的控制权:
combine |[kəm'baɪn]
vt.＆vi. 1 combine (sth) (with sth) 
Hydrogen combines with oxygen to form water. 氢与氧化合成水。
Combine all the ingredients in a bowl. 把所有的配料放在碗里拌匀。
Combine the eggs with a little flour. 把鸡蛋和少量的面粉搅匀。
The illustrations combine well with the text. 这些插图与文本完美结合。
The German team scored a combined total of 652 points. 德国队综合得分为652分。
They combined against a common enemy. 他们联手对付共同的敌人。
It took the combined efforts of both the press and the public to bring about a change in the law. 这项法律的变更来自媒体和公众的通力合作。
the combined effects of the two drugs 两种药物的复合疗效 
You should try to combine exercise with a healthy diet. 你应该把锻炼和健康饮食结合起来。
Several factors had combined to ruin our plans. 几个因素加在一起毁了我们的计划。
The hotel combines comfort with convenience. 这家旅馆既舒适又方便。
This model combines a telephone and fax machine. 这种型号同时具备电话机和传真机的功能。
a kitchen and dining-room combined 厨房兼饭厅 
We are still looking for someone who combines all the necessary qualities. 我们仍在寻觅兼备所有必要才能的人选。
They have successfully combined the old with the new in this room. 他们在这个房间里成功地把古老和现代的风格融为一体。
The trip will combine business with pleasure. 此次旅行将把出差和娱乐结合起来。
She has successfully combined a career and bringing up a family. 她成功地兼顾了事业和抚养子女。


livable | 宜居,适宜居住的

adj. 1（对自然资源和能源的利用）可持续的，不破坏环境的:
2（计划、方法、体制等）可持续长时间的:
sustainable |[səˈsteɪnəbl]
the management, conservation and sustainable development of forests 森林的管理、保护和可持续发展 
sustainable forest management 合理的森林管理 
sustainable forestry 可持续的林业 
Try to buy wood that you know has come from a sustainable source. 尽量购买来自可持续发展林的木材。
an environmentally sustainable society 保持生态环境平衡的社会 
sustainable exploitation 可持续的开发利用 
sustainable resource 可持续的资源 
sustainable tourism 可持续的旅游业 
sustainable economic growth 经济的可持续增长 
The creation of an efficient and sustainable transport system is critical to the long-term future of London. 建立一套高效稳定的交通体系对伦敦的长远发展意义重大。
a sustainable recovery in consumer spending 消费支出的持续性复苏

n. 1 [C]（通常指界限不明的）一大片地区:
2 [C]（一个国家所划分出的）行政区（每个地区都有自己的风俗习惯，有的地区有自己的政府）:
3 [pl.] [英] the regions可指（一国除首都以外的）所有地区:
n. [C] 身体的部位、区域（通常指有某个特性或问题的部位）:
region |[ˈri:dʒən]
This bird is largely confined to the southern regions of the country. 这种鸟主要生活于该国的南部地区。
central region 中部地区 
border, peripheral region 边境地区；周边地区 
a remote mountain region 边远山区 
oil exploration in remote regions of the Russian Far East 俄罗斯远东偏远地区的石油勘探 
neighbouring/neighboring, surrounding region 毗邻地区；周边区域 
geographic（尤美）, geographical region 地理区域 
arid, coastal, desert, equatorial, mountain, mountainous, polar, subtropical, tropical region 干旱地区；沿海地区；沙漠地区；赤道地区；山地地区；山岳地区；极地地区；亚热带地区；热带地区 
Arctic, Gulf, Himalayan, Mediterranean, Pacific region 北极地区；波斯湾地区；喜马拉雅山地区；地中海地区；太平洋地区 
Twenty participants from the Asia-Pacific region will be invited to the seminar. 亚太地区有20人将会应邀参加研讨会。
This tropical forest region is characterized by frequent heavy rainfall. 这片热带雨林地区的特征是经常下大雨。
metropolitan, urban region 大都会区；市区 
rural region 郊区 
populated region 有人口居住的地区 
a sparsely populated region 人口稀少的地区 
one of the most densely populated regions of North America 北美人口最为稠密的地区之一 
economic region 经济区 
developed, industrial region 发达地区；工业区 
developing region 发展中地区 
depressed, poor, underdeveloped 经济困难地区；贫困地区；不发达地区 
Italy's richest region 意大利最为富庶的地区 
oil-producing region 产油区 
an attempt to bring peace and stability to a troubled region 给动荡地区带来和平与稳定的努力 
Nomads have inhabited this region for thousands of years. 游牧民族在这地区居住已有数千年了。
The champagne-producing region covers 34 500 hectares. 这一香槟酒产地占地34，500公顷。
Sports events across the region have been affected by the weather. 该地区的体育赛事全都受到了天气的影响。
Sanitary facilities varied widely from region to region. 各地的卫生设施差别极大。
She earns in the region of(approximately)£200 000.（比喻用法）她大约挣20万英镑。
the Basque region of Spain 西班牙的巴斯克区 
the autonomous regions of the People's Republic of China 中华人民共和国各自治区 
Barcelona, capital of the autonomous region of Catalonia. 加泰罗尼亚自治区首府巴塞罗那 
London and the regions 伦敦和外省地区 
Tax incentives would be used to attract firms to the regions, away from the South-East. 将采取税收优惠政策把公司吸引到东南部以外的各地区。
the pelvic region 骨盆区 
the frontal region of the brain 大脑的额区 
pains in the abdominal region 腹部的疼痛 
brain, lumbar region 脑部；腰部 
tissue from the mouth region 口腔组织

reluctance to work or make an effort; laziness:不愿意工作或努力；懒惰
a slow-moving tropical American mammal that hangs upside down from the branches of trees using its long limbs and hooked claws.:一种缓慢移动的热带美洲哺乳动物，它用长长的四肢和钩爪倒挂在树枝上。
a group of bears:一群熊
sloth |sləʊθ| Noun/:懒惰,树懒
he should overcome his natural sloth and complacency:他应该克服他天生的懒惰和自满
the pair had been attacked by a sloth of bears:这对被一只懒熊袭击了

go, rise, or improve faster than:go、上升或改进的速度比
outpace |aʊtˈpeɪs| Verb/:超过
he outpaced all six defenders:他超过了所有六名后卫

adv. 用于表示一件事紧接着另一件事而发生，即刚一…就…:
adv. 1 勉强、刚、几乎不、简直不:
2 用于表示某事根本不合理或不可能，即实在不应该、根本不可能:
scarcely |[ˈskeəsli;美ˈskers-]
He had scarcely put the phone down when the doorbell rang. 他刚放下电话，门铃就响了起来。
Scarcely had the game started when it began to rain. 比赛才开始就下起雨来了。
Scarcely had they left before soldiers arrived armed with rifles. 他们刚离开，扛着步枪的士兵们就到了。
He could scarcely breathe. 他几乎喘不过气来。
I scarcely knew him. 我几乎不认识他。
I can scarcely believe it. 我几乎不敢相信。
We scarcely ever meet. 我们难得见一面。
Scarcely a week goes by without some new scandal in the papers. 报上几乎周周都会登出新的丑闻。
It was scarcely an occasion for laughter. 笑得实在不是时候。
She could scarcely complain, could she? 她压根儿没什么好抱怨的，是不是？
It can scarcely be coincidence. 它不太可能是巧合。
Yesterday, however, his views seemed scarcely relevant. 然而，昨天他的观点似乎毫无关联。

n. [U] 权力；影响力:
n. [C] 肌肉:
n. [U] 体力:
muscle |[ˈmʌsl]
to exercise political muscle 运用政治影响力 
industrial, financial muscle 产业影响力；金融界影响力 
Eisenhower used his muscle to persuade Congress to change the law. 艾森豪威尔用他的影响力说服国会修改了该项法律。
In one town, all the women were urged to remove their money from the banks on an allotted day, to demonstrate women's financial muscle. 在某市，所有的女性都被建议在指定日期从银行取走她们的钱，以展示女性群体的经济实力。
calf, neck, thigh muscle 小腿肌肉；脖颈肌肉；大腿肌肉 
This exercise will work the muscles of the lower back. 这样的运动可以锻炼腰部的肌肉。
He didn't move a muscle (= stood completely still). 他一动不动地站着。
Keeping your muscles strong and in tone helps you to avoid back problems. 保持肌肉强壮发达有利于预防背部疾病。
The muscles in my face tensed. 我脸上的肌肉绷紧了。
He is suffering from a strained thigh muscle. 他的大腿肌肉拉伤了，疼得很。
muscle cell 肌细胞 
muscle fibre/fiber 肌纤维 
muscle tissue 肌肉组织 
muscle mass 肌肉块 
muscle group 肌肉群 
muscle function 肌肉的功能 
muscle activity 肌肉活动 
muscle ache, muscle pain, muscle cramp, muscle fatigue, muscle paralysis, muscle stiffness, muscle strain, muscle weakness 肌肉疼痛；肌肉痉挛；肌肉疲劳；肌肉麻痹；肌肉僵硬；肌肉拉伤；肌肉无力 
muscle wasting 肌肉萎缩 
muscle loss 肌肉减少 
muscle contraction, muscle relaxation, muscle spasm, muscle tension, muscle twitch 肌肉收缩；肌肉放松；肌肉痉挛；肌肉紧张；肌肉抽搐 
muscle definition, muscle tone 肌肉线条；肌肉力度 
muscle size 肌肉块头 
muscle endurance, muscle strength 肌肉耐力；肌力 
muscle repair 肌肉修复 
muscle building 肌肉健美 
muscle builder 肌肉健身器 
muscle man（通常用muscleman）肌肉男 
muscle shirt（美）（显示发达肌肉的）圆领无袖健美衫
He's an intelligent player but lacks the muscle of older competitors. 他是个聪明的选手，但却缺乏老对手的体力。

protect (something, especially something of environmental or cultural importance) from harm or destruction:protect（某物，尤其是具有环境或文化重要性的东西）免受伤害或破坏
prevent the wasteful overuse of (a resource):防止对（资源）的浪费性过度使用
maintain (a quantity such as energy) at a constant overall total:maintain（一个量，如能量）在一个恒定的总和
retain (a particular amino acid, nucleotide, or sequence of these) unchanged in different protein or DNA molecules:retain（特定的氨基酸、核苷酸或它们的序列）在不同的蛋白质或DNA分子中保持不变
preserve (fruit) with sugar.:preserve（水果）加糖。
a preparation made by preserving fruit with sugar; jam or marmalade:用糖保存水果制成的制剂；果酱或果酱
conserve |kənˈsəːv| Noun/Verb/:养护,保存
the funds raised will help conserve endangered meadowlands:筹集的资金将有助于保护濒临灭绝的草地
industry should conserve more water:industry应该节约更多的水
the momentum of a system is conserved unless an external force acts on it:除非有外力作用，否则系统的动量守恒
the adjacent sequence is conserved over large evolutionary distances:相邻序列在大进化距离上是保守的
pork tenderloin with onion and raisin conserve:猪肉里脊配洋葱和葡萄干保存

barely sufficient or adequate:勉强够用
barely amounting to a specified number or quantity:勉强达到指定的数量或数量
provide grudgingly or in insufficient amounts:不情愿地或数量不足
deal with inadequately; neglect:处理不当；忽略
scant |skant| Adjective/Verb/:很少,稀少
companies with scant regard for the safety of future generations:对后代安全漠不关心的公司
she weighed a scant two pounds:她体重不到两磅
he does not scant his attention to the later writings:他对后来的作品不感兴趣
the press regularly scants a host of issues relating to safety and health:新闻界经常忽略与安全和健康有关的许多问题

n. [sing.] [贬] a diet of sth 大量被限定范围的活动（即大量单调的活动），大量单一的东西，尤指大量不愉快或质量差的东西:
vi.（为减肥而）节食，或只吃特定的食物:
n. 1 [C, U] 日常吃的食物，即日常饮食，日常食物:
2 [C]（为健康或减肥等所规定的）限定种类或数量的饮食，即规定饮食；也可指吃这种规定饮食的时间:
n. [sing.] 一些国家（例如日本）的议会:
diet |['daɪət]['daɪət]
The radio had fed him a diet of pop songs. 收音机没完没了地向他播放流行音乐。
Children today are brought up on a diet of television cartoons and soap operas. 如今的孩子是看电视上的动画片和肥皂剧长大的。
She’s always dieting but she never seems to lose any weight. 她一直在节食，但体重似乎并未下降。 
It is important to eat a balanced diet. 饮食均衡很重要。
light diet 清淡饮食 
varied diet 多样化的饮食 
They had to survive on a diet of insects and berries. 他们只好靠吃昆虫和浆果来维持生存。
strict diet 严格节制的饮食 
low-fat diet 低脂肪饮食 
I’d love a dessert, but I’m on a diet. 我想吃甜食，可是我正在节食。
diet drink 低热量饮料 
diet book 减肥书籍 
athletes on a special diet 遵照特定食谱进食的运动员

vi. 悬浮在空中:
vt.＆vi. 1 hang (sth) (up) 上端系在…上，下端悬垂，即悬挂，吊:
2 向下弯曲，即下垂:
3 把某物（尤指图画）挂在墙上的挂钩上，或以这种方式被悬挂在…上:
vi. 向下垂落，垂落得松松垮垮，常用hang loose或hang open来表示:
vt. hang sth with sth 常用被动式，指通过往墙上挂画等方式来装饰…:
n. [sing.] 衣服等的悬挂方式，下垂:
vt. 把门（包括大门）安装在门柱上，使其自由开关:
vt. 往墙上贴壁纸:
vt.＆vi.（hanged, hanged）绞死，或被绞死；或施以绞刑，被施以绞刑:
hang |[hæŋ]
Some poisoned particles hung in the air above the factory. 有毒颗粒悬浮在工厂上空的空气中。 
to hang the coat up on the hook 把外套挂在钩上 
A sloth is hanging upside down from the branches. 一只树懒正倒挂在树枝上。
Banners hung from every window. 每一扇窗户都挂出了横幅。
He hung his head in shame. 他羞愧地低下了头。
I hung his picture above the desk. 我把他的画像挂在桌子上方。
The picture hang in the room. 图画挂在这间屋子里。
Her hair has hung down to her waist. 她已长发及腰。
Her injured arm hung uselessly at her side. 她受伤的胳膊无力地垂在体侧。
Large leaves hung down from the branches of the trees. 阔叶从树枝上垂下来。
His shirt hung loosely on him. 他的衬衫穿在他身上松松垮垮的。
The room was hung with a huge painting. 这个房间里挂着一幅巨大的油画。
to hang oneself from a beam 悬梁自尽 
He was hanged for murder. 他因犯谋杀罪而被施以了绞刑。

vi. 用力抓住…:
vt. 在面临着极大困难的情况下，用尽全力去找到或抓住…:
n. 1 [C] 禽类等动物的爪子:
2 [C] 龙虾、螃蟹、蝎子等有壳动物的螯、钳:
vt.＆vi. claw (at) sb/sth 用爪子或指甲抓、撕、挠等:
n. [C] 工具或机器的爪形部分，用于抓、拉、提等:
claw |[klɔ:]
to use fingers to claw at the rope 用手指抓住绳子
He clawed his way to the top of his life. 他以极大的努力爬到了人生的巅峰。
The chicken tried to cling to the edge of the roof by its claws. 那只鸡试图用爪子抓紧房顶的边缘。
The cat held a bird in its claws. 猫爪子下按着一只鸟。
the claws of a crab 螃蟹的螯 
to claw at a tree 用爪子抓挠树木

vi. 陷入糟糕的境地:
vi.（大批人）突然来到、突然造访（尤指意外的、给所在地的人带来很大工作量的造访）:
vi.（人、动物等）是…的后裔:
vi. ~ (on/upon sb/sth) [文学]（黄昏、夜晚、黑暗等）降临、来临。相当于fall:
vi. ~ (on/upon sb/sth) [文学]（情绪、气氛等）降临、笼罩:
vt.&vi. [正式] 下降、下来、下去:
vi.（人）是…的后裔:
vi.（人）是…的后裔:
vi.（动物等）是…的后裔:
vi. [正式]（山、道路等）向下倾斜:
vt.&vi. [正式] 下降、下来、下去:
vi.（人）降低身份、沦落、堕落:
descend |[dɪˈsend]
to descend into madness 陷入疯狂 
to descend into farce（英）陷入闹剧 
He was ultimately overthrown and the country descended into chaos. 他最终被推翻，整个国家则陷入了混乱。
3,000 city officials descended on Capitol Hill to lobby for more money. 3,000名市政官员齐聚国会山，为筹集更多的款项进行游说。
Curious tourists and reporters from around the globe are descending upon the peaceful villages. 好奇的游客和记者从世界各地一齐涌向这些平静的村落。
He claims to be descended from a Spanish prince. 他声称自己是一位西班牙王子的后人。
The breed is almost directly descended from the Eurasian wild boar. 这一品种几乎是欧洲野猪的直系后代。
Night descends quickly in the tropics. 热带地区黑夜来得快。
Darkness has now descended and the moon and stars shine hazily in the clear sky. 夜幕现在已经降临，晴朗的天空里月影婆娑，星光朦胧。
An uneasy calm descended on the area. 一种令人不安的平静笼罩了该地区。
Calm descended on the crowd. 人群平静下来。
A reverent hush descended on the multitude. 人群虔敬地噤了声。            
The results, ranked in descending order (= from the highest to the lowest) are as follows. 结果按递减顺序排列如下。           
He claims to be descended from a Spanish prince. 他声称自己是一位西班牙王子的后人。
He claims to be descended from a Spanish prince. 他声称自己是一位西班牙王子的后人。
The breed is almost directly descended from the Eurasian wild boar. 这一品种几乎是欧洲野猪的直系后代。
At this point the path descends steeply to the village. 小路从这里陡然而下通向镇子。
The plane began to descend. 飞机开始降落。
She descended the stairs slowly. 她缓慢地走下楼梯。
Things are cooler and more damp as we descend to the cellar. 当我们往下走去地窖时，四周愈见阴冷潮湿。
We're not going to descend to such methods. 我们不会沦落到使用这种手段。
She's got too much dignity to descend to writing anonymous letters. 她是个自尊心很强的人，绝不会自贬身份去写匿名信。

occurring, appearing, or done infrequently and irregularly:不经常和不规则地发生、出现或完成
(of furniture) made or adapted for use on a particular occasion or for infrequent use:（家具）为在特定场合使用或不经常使用而制作或改装的
(of a literary composition, speech, religious service, etc.) produced on or intended for a special occasion:（文学作品、演讲、宗教仪式等）在特殊场合制作或打算用于特殊场合
employed for a particular occasion or on an irregular basis:受雇于特定场合或不定期
occasional |əˈkeɪʒ(ə)n(ə)l| Adjective/:偶然,偶尔
the occasional car went by but no taxis:偶尔有车经过但没有出租车
an occasional table:一张偶尔的桌子
he wrote occasional verse for patrons:他偶尔为顾客写诗
occasional freelancer seeks full-time position:occasional自由职业者寻求全职职位

vt. ~ sth before sb 在某人面前炫示诱惑物:
vi. 自由地悬垂或摆荡:
vt. 提着某事物使其自然地悬垂或摆荡:
dangle |[ˈdæŋgl]
They've dangled rich rewards before me. 他们以丰厚的酬劳诱惑我。
They dangled the carrot of a large salary in front of me. 他们用高薪引诱我。           
He sat on the edge with his legs dangling over the side. 他悬垂着双腿坐在边缘上。
I sat by the river with my feet dangling in the water. 我坐在河边，双脚在水里摆荡。
A single light bulb dangled from the ceiling. 天花板上孤零零地悬吊着一只灯泡。
Crystal chandeliers dangled from every ceiling. 每个房间的天花板上都悬有枝形水晶吊灯。
The receiver was dangling from the payphone. 公用付费电话的听筒悬垂着。
Next to the phone, there was a pencil dangling on a string. 电话旁边，有只铅笔吊在一根绳上。
Gold charms dangled from her bracelet. 她的手镯上挂着许多金饰物。
A gold bracelet dangled from his left wrist. 一只金手镯在他的左手腕上晃来晃去。
She dangled her car keys nervously as she spoke. 她说话时紧张地晃动着她那串汽车钥匙。

vi. [非正式]（尤指在白天且通常不是在床上）短暂浅睡，即小睡、打盹:
n. [sing.]（尤指在白天且通常不是在床上的）短暂的浅睡，即小睡、打盹:
snooze |[snu:z]
My brother was snoozing on the sofa. 我弟弟正在沙发上打盹。
Mark snoozed in front of the television. 马克在电视机前打起盹儿来。
Patients are given an extra 15 minutes to snooze before being woken gently. 在被轻轻叫醒之前，病人还有 15 分钟的小睡时间。
I often have a snooze after lunch. 我常在午饭后睡个小觉。

adj. ~ (of sth) 因自己对某事物感到骄傲而想要对其进行保护的，如珍惜的、精心守护的:
adj. 1（情人之间）吃醋的、忌妒的:
2 ~ (of sb/sth)（对别人拥有而自己没有的东西）忌妒的:
jealous |[ˈdʒeləs]
They are very jealous of their good reputation (= they do not want to lose it). 他们极为珍惜自己的声誉。
jealous wife, jealous husband 好吃醋的妻子；好吃醋的丈夫 
He's only talking to her to make you jealous. 他跟她讲话就是为了让你妒忌。
She got insanely jealous and there was a terrible fight. 她妒忌得发疯，结果是大吵一架。
I can remember feeling madly jealous when he was with other women. 记得他和别的女人在一起时，我嫉妒得发疯。
Ignore her-she's only trying to make you jealous. 别理她——她只是想让你嫉妒。
There's nothing for you to feel jealous about. 没有什么值得你嫉妒的。
She was rather jealous of me. 她相当嫉妒我。
He had started to get jealous of her success. 他已经开始嫉妒她的成功。She was jealous of his wealth. 她忌妒他的富有。
Children often feel jealous when a new baby arrives. 新生婴儿出世时孩子常常感到忌妒。
