stalk					茎，柄，昂首阔步，潜行
flattering				奉承的，令人愉悦的
somehow					以某种方式
slink					偷偷摸摸的走
dank					阴湿的
shadowy					幽暗的，模糊的
cunning					狡猾的，精巧的，狡猾
mischievous				淘气的，恶意的
twinkle					闪烁
myth					神话故事，错误观念
venerate					崇敬
critter					动物
trickster				骗子
outfox					智胜
meaner					更卑鄙
hoodwink					欺诈
wit					风趣，智力
wander					游荡，闲逛
wilderness				荒野
field					田地，运动场，战场，领域，场，接
pick up					拿起，增添，付账
pumpkin					南瓜
Halloween				万圣节前夕
flair					天赋，洞察力，魅力
billion					十亿
produce					生产，生育，引起，出示，农产品
head for					朝...移动
crop					作物，收成，剪短
spice					香料，趣味
orb					球状物
botanist					植物学家
vine					藤
opt					选择
consume					吃，喝，耗尽，充满
carve					雕刻，切开
spooky					阴森可怕的
\\\\\\\\

vt. 长时间非法跟踪并监视某人（这种跟踪和监视让人烦恼或害怕），尤指跟踪骚扰，不断纠缠（名人、分手恋人等）:
vi. 怒气冲冲地走；趾高气扬地走:
vt.&vi. 缓慢而静悄悄地向一个人或动物靠近（为了将其杀死、抓住、伤害，或为了仔细观察它）:
n. [C]（支撑叶子、花或果实，并将其和植物的其它部分连接起来的）细梗，即叶柄、花梗、果实的柄；也可指植物的主要茎秆:
n. [C]（尤指一些动物器官上的）长细肉柄或肉茎（起支撑和连接作用）:
vt.&vi. 以一种令人不悦的方式（或带有威胁性的方式）穿过一个地方:
vt.&vi.（死亡、恐惧、罪恶等）笼罩一个地方:
vt.&vi.（死亡、恐惧、罪恶等）蔓延、肆虐一个地方:
stalk |[stɔ:k]
She claimed that he had been stalking her over a period of three years. 她声称，三年来他一直在盯她的梢。
Even after their divorce he continued to stalk and threaten her. 即使在离婚后他仍继续纠缠和威胁她。
He stalked off without a word. 他一言未发，怒冲冲地走了。
If his patience is tried at meetings he has been known to stalk out. 大家都知道如果他在会议上失去耐心，便会愤怒离席。
The lion was stalking a zebra. 狮子偷偷接近斑马。
He stalked his victim as she walked home, before attacking and robbing her. 她步行回家时，他偷偷地接近然后下手袭击，并且抢劫了她。
He stalks his victims like a hunter after a deer. 他像猎手跟踪鹿一样悄悄跟踪受害人。
flowers on long stalks 长茎上的花 
A single pale blue flower grows up from each joint on a long stalk. 一条长长的茎秆的每个节上都会长出一朵浅蓝色的花。
corn stalks 玉米秆 
celery stalks 芹菜茎 
He ate the apple, stalk and all. 他把那个苹果吃了个干净，连梗都没剩下。
Crabs have eyes on stalks. 螃蟹的眼睛长在肉柄上。           
The gunmen stalked the building, looking for victims. 这些持枪歹徒凶神恶煞般地打楼里走过，寻找袭击的目标。
Fear stalks the streets of the city at night. 夜间，这座城市的大街小巷笼罩着恐怖气氛。
The spectre of neo-fascism, as he put it, was stalking the streets of Sofia and other big cities. 用他的话来说，新法西斯主义的幽灵正在索非亚和其他大城市中游荡。

adj. 让人显得更好看的:
adj. 1（对某人或某事物）说奉承话的:
2（某事）让人感觉自己被人奉承的:
adj.（某事）令人感到愉悦或特别的，如令人感到荣幸的:
flattering |[ˈflætərɪŋ]
a flattering dress 穿上去使人更漂亮的连衣裙 
This style of dress is flattering to most women. 这种款式的裙子大多数妇女穿上都更显漂亮。
Some styles are so flattering that they instantly become classics. 有些款式特别衬人，很快就成了经典。
a refreshing new look that's flattering to skins of all ages 令人耳目一新、能使所有年龄段的皮肤更添靓丽的新妆
flattering remarks 奉承话 
There were pleasant and flattering obituaries about him. 讣告里全是对他的客套溢美之词。
The descriptions of her were less than flattering. 对她的描述可把她说得不怎么样。
The press was flattering. 新闻界正在大肆吹捧。
Colin chuckled at the flattering response. 这一奉承的回应让科林暗自发笑。
I found it flattering that he still recognized me after all these years. 过了这么多年他还认得我，使我觉得荣幸。
It is all terribly flattering and she is trying to reply to every single letter personally. 一切都让她感到无比荣幸，她尽量亲自回复每一封信。

in some way; by some means:以某种方式；通过某种方式
for a reason that is not known or specified:出于未知或指定的原因
somehow |ˈsʌmhaʊ| Adverb/:不知何故
somehow I managed to get the job done:不知何故我设法完成了工作
he looked different somehow:他看起来有点不一样

move smoothly and quietly with gliding steps, in a stealthy or sensuous manner:以隐秘或感性的方式用滑行的步伐平稳而安静地移动
come or go unobtrusively or furtively:
a slinking movement or walk:a溜溜的运动或走路
slink |slʌŋk| Noun/Verb/:,溜溜
the fox came slinking through the bracken:狐狸从蕨菜中偷偷溜进来
all the staff have slunk off home:所有员工都偷偷溜回家了
she moved with a sensuous slink:she带着感性的动作

unpleasantly damp and cold:令人不快的潮湿和寒冷
dank |daŋk| Adjective/:谢谢,由于,感谢
huge dank caverns:巨大潮湿的洞穴

full of shadows:充满阴影
of uncertain identity or nature:不确定身份或性质
insubstantial; unreal:insubstantial;虚幻
shadowy |ˈʃadəʊi| Adjective/:阴暗的,阴森森的
a long, shadowy, cobbled passage:一条长长的、阴暗的、鹅卵石铺成的通道
a shadowy figure appeared through the mist:一个阴暗的身影从雾中出现
they were attacked by a swarm of shadowy, ethereal forms:他们被一群阴暗的、空灵的形式袭击了

adj. [贬]（人）尤指通过欺骗别人来聪明地为自己获取利益的，如狡猾的、奸诈的:
n. [U] 狡猾、奸诈:
adj.（事物）灵巧的、巧妙的:
cunning |[ˈkʌnɪŋ]
a cunning liar 花言巧语的骗子 
He was as cunning as a fox. 他像狐狸一样狡猾。
These disturbed kids can be cunning. 这些心理不正常的孩子可能会很狡猾。
She used low cunning (= dishonest behaviour) to get what she wanted. 她用了卑鄙的欺诈手段来获取她想得到的东西。
one more example of the cunning of today's art thieves 当今艺术品盗贼手段狡猾的另一个例子 
He tackled the job with a great deal of imagination, skill and cunning. 他在工作中充分发挥其想象力、技能和聪明才智来解决各种难题。
animal cunning 动物的狡猾 
She relied on her native cunning to survive. 她依赖天生的机灵活了下来。
It took energy and cunning just to survive. 既要花力气又要有心计才能维持生存。
She had great cunning and ruthlessness. 她非常狡猾冷酷。
She managed him with great cunning. 她十分狡猾地控制着他。
It was a cunning piece of detective work. 那是一篇构思巧妙的侦探作品。
Mr Blair's cunning plan 布莱尔先生的妙计

causing or showing a fondness for causing trouble in a playful way:引起或表现出喜欢以俏皮的方式制造麻烦
(of an action or statement) causing or intended to cause harm or trouble:（行为或陈述的）造成或打算造成伤害或麻烦
mischievous |ˈmɪstʃɪvəs| Adjective/:恶作剧,淘气,调皮,顽皮,淘气的
mischievous children:淘气的孩子
a mischievous allegation for which there is not a shred of evidence:一项没有一丝证据的恶作剧指控

vi.（以明暗交替出现的形式）闪烁、闪耀:
~ (at sb)（眼睛因高兴或兴奋而）一闪一闪:
n. 1 [sing.] 眼睛的闪烁:
2 [sing.]（明暗交替的）闪烁、闪耀:
twinkle |[ˈtwɪŋkl]
Stars twinkled in the sky. 星星在天空中闪烁。
twinkling lights in the distance 远处闪耀的点点灯光 
At night, lights twinkle in distant villages across the valleys. 夜间，山谷那头的遥远村落里灯光闪闪。
a band of twinkling diamonds 一串闪闪发光的钻石 
vi. ~ (with sth) 
twinkling blue eyes 闪闪发亮的蓝眼睛 
Her eyes twinkled with merriment. 她高兴得双眸闪闪发亮。
He looked at me with a twinkle in his eyes. 他目光熠熠地望着我。
There was a slight twinkle of mischief in her eyes. 她的眼睛里闪烁着一丝恶作剧的神色。
the twinkle of stars 星星的闪烁 
the twinkle of the harbour lights in the distance 远处港口灯光的闪烁

n. [C, U] 很多人相信，但实际并不存在（或错误）的事，如错误的看法（或认识），编造的话:
Women have peddled the myth that all decent men are either married or gay. 女人们中间流传有这样的荒诞说法:
n. [C, U] 古代的神话故事:
myth |[mɪθ]
It is time to dispel the myth of a classless society (= to show that it does not exist). 该消除那种无阶级社会的神话了。
Contrary to popular myth, women are not worse drivers than men. 都说女人开车比男人差，其实不然。
Contrary to the popular myth, women are not reckless spendthrifts. 和人们的普遍观念恰恰相反，女性并不是胡乱挥霍者。
There is a great myth that people who wear glasses are more intelligent. 有种荒诞无稽的看法，认为戴眼镜的人更聪明。
It's a total myth that this causes blindness. 说这会导致失明纯属无稽之谈。
People's faith in the Emperor was based on the myth that he was infallible. 人们效忠君主是基于对皇帝永不犯错的迷信。
We are trying to lay to rest the myths surrounding mental illness. 我们试图使围绕精神疾病产生的种种错误观念寿终正寝。 
A myth has grown up that Fleming didn't realize the potential of penicillin. 形成了一种错误的说法，认为弗莱明没意识到青霉素潜在的价值。
The myth persists that men are more intelligent than women. 男人比女人聪明的荒诞说法仍然存在。
a popular myth about twins 流传广泛的关于双胞胎的无稽之谈 
an attempt to perpetuate the myth of racial superiority 使种族优越论的鬼话流传下去的企图
ancient Greek myths 古希腊神话 
religious myth 宗教神话 
Biblical myth《圣经》神话 
Christian, Greek, Norse, Roman myth 基督教神话；希腊神话；古斯堪的纳维亚神话；罗马神话 
a creation myth (= that explains how the world began) 创世的神话 
the heroes of myth and legend 神话和传说中的英雄 
the myth about the golden apple 有关金苹果的神话 
The battle has become part of national myth. 这场战役已成为民族神话的一部分。
historical, political myth 历史传说；政治神话 
The propaganda of both sides relies heavily on historical myth. 双方的宣传都主要依据历史传说。
romantic myth 浪漫传奇 
an outlaw who has now assumed the status of heroic myth 现在已俨然成为英雄传奇人物的逃犯 
Propaganda has turned the former president into a heroic myth. 前总统已被宣传为一个英雄传奇。

vt. [正式] ~ sb/sth (as sth) 崇敬、敬仰:
venerate |[ˈvenəreɪt]
My father venerated General Eisenhower. 我父亲十分敬仰艾森豪威尔将军。          

a living creature; an animal.:一个生物；一只动物。
a person of a particular kind:特定类型的人
critter |ˈkrɪtə| Noun/:小动物,生物
the old critter used to live in a shack:曾经住在棚屋里的老小动物

a person who cheats or deceives people.:一个欺骗或欺骗人的人。
trickster |ˈtrɪkstə| Noun/:骗子

defeat (someone) by being more clever or cunning than them:通过比他们更聪明或更狡猾来击败（某人）
outfox |aʊtˈfɒks| Verb/:外卖,出风头
Holmes outfoxed criminals from the comfort of his armchair:Holmes坐在舒适的扶手椅上战胜了罪犯


meaner | 吝啬,卑鄙的

vt. ~ sb (into doing sth) 欺骗某人:
hoodwink |[ˈhʊdwɪŋk]
She had been hoodwinked into buying a worthless necklace. 她受骗买了条一文不值的项链。
People expect others to be honest, which is why conmen find it so easy to hoodwink people. 人们认为别人是诚实正直的，所以骗子很容易行骗得逞。
Many people are hoodwinked by the so-called beauty industry. 很多人都被所谓的美容业欺骗了。

adj. -witted 用于构成形容词，指有…智慧的、头脑…的:
n. [U, sing.]（说话或写作时的）风趣、机智、巧妙:
n. [U] ~ to do sth 知道什么事情是对的一种能力，如明智:
n. [C]（说话或写作）机智幽默的人、风趣的人:
n. [pl.] wits 指快速而清晰地思考并做出正确决定的能力，即头脑、智力:
wit |[wɪt]
a quick-witted group of students 一群头脑聪明的学生
He has plenty of wit and imagination. 他说话很风趣，也富于想象力。
He had a dry wit.（英）他很会板着脸说笑话。
a woman of wit and intelligence 才思敏捷、聪颖的女子 
a book full of the wit and wisdom of his 30 years in politics 一本有关他30年政治生涯中才思与智慧的书 
Boulding was known for his biting wit. 博尔丁爱说尖酸的俏皮话是出了名的。
They love her practical attitude to life, her zest and wit. 他们喜欢她务实的人生态度、她的热情和幽默。
At least you had the wit to ask for help. 你起码还能意识到要求救。
The information is there and waiting to be accessed by anyone with the wit to use it. 资料就摆在那儿，等着有头脑的人去利用。
She had to use all her native wit to convince the police. 她不得不绞尽脑汁去说服警察。
I hope he has the wit to take the key with him. 我希望他还知道带钥匙。
It should not be beyond the wit of man to resolve this dispute.（尤英）解决这场纠纷不是不可能的。
a well-known wit and raconteur 一位闻名遐迩、妙语连珠的故事大王 
Holmes was gregarious, a great wit, a man of wide interests. 福尔摩斯爱交际，非常风趣，兴趣广泛。
He needed all his wits to find his way out. 他需要绞尽脑汁找到出路。
The game was a long battle of wits. 这场游戏是长时间的斗智。
Kate paused and gathered her wits. 凯特停下来恢复一下理智。
She has used her wits to progress to the position she holds today. 她凭借个人才智升到了今天的职位。
I hope you had the wits to apologize. 我希望你们认识到错误去道歉。
She couldn't seem to gather her wits and tell us what had happened. 她好像还没有恢复理智，还不能告诉我们发生了什么事情。
The game allows you to match wits with a computer criminal. 这个游戏可以让你与计算机罪犯斗智斗勇。
The strike developed into a battle of wits between management and workers. 这场罢工发展成为劳资双方智慧的较量。
They do tough interviews, so you'll need to have your wits about you. 他们的面试很难对付，所以你得保持头脑清醒。
a chance to pit your wits against (= compete with, using your intelligence) our quiz champion 利用你的智慧同我们的知识竞赛冠军进行较量的机会 
Celebrity teams pit their wits against each other in this lively quiz show. 名人参赛队在这一妙趣横生的智力游戏节目中互相斗智较量。
The latest news has scared the wits out of investors. 最新的消息把投资者吓坏了。
I was scared out of my wits! 我被吓得魂儿都没了！
I'm at my wits' end trying to cope with his moods. 我想让他平静下来，可完全不知道该怎么办。

vi. wander (away, back, to, etc. sth)（人的思想或想法）走神，开小差，即心不在焉，相当于drift:
vi.（人的目光）慢慢地从甲事物移动到乙事物，或漫无目的地移动:
vt.＆vi. 漫无目的或漫无方向地绕着某地随意地走（或走向某地），即漫步。是此义的常规用词:
n. [sing.] 漫无目的或漫无方向的绕着某地（或朝向某地）的随意走动，即漫步，闲逛，溜达，游荡，徘徊等:
vi.（河流）蜿蜒，迂回曲折:
wander (from/off sth)（人或动物）偏离正道或走失:
vi.（道路）蜿蜒，迂回曲折:
wander |['wɒndə]
His mind wandered. 他走神了。
His attention was beginning to wander. 他的注意力开始分散。
My thoughts wandered from the exam questions to my interview the next day. 我的心思从试题转到了第二天的面试上。
His eyes wandered restlessly around the room. 他的眼睛不停地打量着房间。
Her eyes wandered towards the letter on the desk. 她的目光慢慢地移向桌子上的那封信。
He wandered the streets aimlessly. 他在街上漫无目的地闲逛。
He wandered into a bar. 他转悠进了一家酒吧。
Visitors are free to wander through the gardens. 游客可以自由自在地在花园中游玩。
The cattle are allowed to wander freely. 牛群可以自由地四处走动。
a wander around the village 绕着村庄的漫步 
I went to the garden and had a wander around. 我去花园转了一圈。
The river wanders through the country. 这条河从这个乡村蜿蜒而过。
vi. wander (away/off) 
to wander from the path 从小路上走失 
They wandered off. 他们走散了。
My mother didn’t allow me to wander far. 我妈妈不让我走远。
The road wanders along through the hills. 这条路弯弯曲曲地穿过各个山丘。

n. 1 [usually sing.] 因贫瘠而未得到开发（或未种庄稼）的一大片土地，如荒野:
2 [usually sing.] 人们没有照管（或控制）的一个地方:
wilderness |[ˈwɪldənəs;美-dərn-]
barren, desert, desolate, howling（尤美）wilderness 贫瘠的荒原；荒漠；荒无人烟的旷野 
frozen wilderness 冰冻的荒野 
remote wilderness 遥远的荒野 
trackless wilderness（尤美）不见人迹的荒野 
uncharted wilderness 地图上未标示的荒野 
pristine, unspoiled wilderness 未遭破坏的荒野 
mountain wilderness 荒山野岭 
The Antarctic is the world's last great wilderness. 南极洲是世界上最后一个大荒原。
the icy Canadian wilderness 冰封的加拿大旷野 
We were hopelessly lost in the wilderness. 我们在荒野中完全迷失了方向。
He is proud of the garden he made from a wilderness. 他为自己从荒地上开辟出的花园而感到自豪。
a wilderness area (= one where it is not permitted to build houses or roads)（美）（政府划定的）保留自然环境面貌地区 
the barren wilderness of modern life（比喻用法）现代生活贫瘠的荒漠 
His wilderness years(=when he was out of politics and public eye) in the 1990s were spent in Canada.（比喻用法）20世纪90年代他在加拿大度过了坐冷板凳的日子。
political wilderness（比喻用法）在野 
the man who brought the party back from the political wilderness 使该党重获执政地位的人 
Their garden is a wilderness of grass and weeds. 他们的花园杂草丛生。

vt. 接收并处理问题或意见:
n. [C] 常作前置定语，实地或野外（工作或研究），非在图书馆和实验室中:
n. [C] 通常构成复合词，物理学中可指力能产生作用的一个区域，即场:
n. 1 [C] 常构成复合词，作某种用途的一片土地，即场地:
2 [C] 常构成复合词，一大片被…覆盖的土地；可从中获取…的一片土地:
n. [C] 数据的一个字段，或栏:
n. [sing.] the field 可指运动场或生意场上的竞争对手:
n. [C] 某人所从事或感兴趣的某个学科或某种活动，即领域、界:
vt. 让一个候选人、演讲者、团队等代表你去参加一场选举或比赛等:
n. 1 [sing.] 板球和棒球运动中，可指接球而非击球的一队，即守队:
2 [sing.] 某项体育赛事中参赛的全体人员或动物:
n. [C] 常构成复合词，在体育运动中可指运动场（英国表示运动场时也可用pitch）。通常表示田赛的运动场地，但也可表示径赛的运动场地:
vt. 在板球或棒球运动中，亦可指接球并将其掷回:
vt. 让一个候选人、团队等代表你去参加一场比赛:
vi. 在板球或棒球运动中，指担任守队或守队队员（负责接球并在某人击球后将其掷回）:
n. [C] 乡村用于种庄稼或饲养动物的土地，即田地或牧场，有的有围栏:
n. [sing.] 商业中的行业，其更强调一个行业内部的从业人员（或产品）之间的竞争性:
field |[fi:ld]
to field phone calls 接听并答复电话
field experiment, field investigation, field research, field trial 野外实验；实地调查；实地研究；现场试验 
We went on a geology field trip. 我们进行了一次实地地质考察。
essential reading for those working in the field 实地工作者的必备读物
energy, force field 能量场；力场 
electric, electrical, electromagnetic, gravitational, magnetic field 电场；电磁场；引力场；磁场 
field strength 场强
battlefield 战场 
ice fields 冰原 
oilfield 油田 
gas field 气田
to create separate fields for first name, last name and address 为名、姓和地址分别建立字段
the crowded field 众多的竞争对手 
His superb technique puts him head and shoulders ahead of the field. 他的精湛技艺使他远远领先于同场竞技者。
They lead the field in home entertainment systems. 他们在家庭娱乐设备行业中居领先地位。
specialist field 专业领域 
career field（美）职业领域 
medical field 医学领域 
academic field 学术领域 
I’m afraid it’s outside my field. 恐怕它不属于我的专业范围。
a field of research 研究领域 
These academics are world leaders in their respective fields. 这些学者都是各自领域的世界级带头人。
to field three candidates 派出三名候选人 
to field a football team 派出一支足球队
playing, sports field 运动场 
baseball field 棒球场 
football, rugby, soccer field 美式橄榄球场；英式橄榄球场；足球场
to field a football team 派出一支足球队
grassy, green field 长满草的田野；绿色田野 
muddy, snowy field 泥泞的田野；被雪覆盖的田野 
fertile field 肥沃的田地 
arable field 可耕地 
fallow field 休耕地 
rice field 稻田 
a field of wheat 麦地 
People were working in the fields. 人们当时正在地里干活儿。
the field in telecommunications 电信行业

a large rounded orange-yellow fruit with a thick rind, the flesh of which can be used in sweet or savoury dishes.:一种大而圆的橙黄色水果，果皮厚实，果肉可用于甜味或咸味菜肴。
used as an affectionate term of address, especially to a child:用作深情的称呼，尤其是对孩子
the plant of the gourd family that produces pumpkins, having tendrils and large lobed leaves and native to warm regions of America.:葫芦科植物，生产南瓜，有卷须和大裂叶，原产于美国温暖地区。
pumpkin |ˈpʌm(p)kɪn| Noun/:南瓜
listen, pumpkin, I thought you ought to know:听着，南瓜，我想你应该知道

the night of 31 October, the eve of All Saints' Day, often celebrated by children dressing up in frightening masks and costumes. Halloween is thought to be associated with the Celtic festival Samhain, when ghosts and spirits were believed to be abroad.:10月31日晚上，诸圣节前夕，孩子们通常会穿着可怕的面具和服装来庆祝。人们认为万圣节与凯尔特节日萨温节有关，当时人们认为鬼魂在国外。
Halloween |haləʊˈiːn| Noun/:万圣节

n. 1 [sing., U] ~ for sth 天资、天分:
2 [U] 将事情做得有趣的一种能力（带有极强的原创性和想象力），如才华:
flair |[fleə(r);美fler]
He has a flair for languages. 他有学语言的天分。
an activist with a flair for publicity 善于宣传鼓动的激进主义分子 
natural 与生俱来的天分 
artistic, creative, design, dramatic, entrepreneurial（尤英）, imaginative （尤英）, theatrical, visual flair 艺术天赋；创造才能；设计天赋；戏剧天赋；经商天赋；天生的想象力；表演天赋；视觉天赋 
His designs are all right, but he lacks artistic flair. 他的设计还行，不过缺乏艺术天分。
jazz guitarists who improvise with flair 进行富有创意的即兴演出的爵士乐吉他手 
She dresses with real flair. 她衣着甚有品味。
Their work has all the usual punch, panache and flair you'd expect. 他们的作品一如既往地引人入胜、气韵潇洒、新颖别致，不会让你失望。

the number equivalent to the product of a thousand and a million; 1,000,000,000 or 10⁹:相当于一千零一百万乘积的数字；1,000,000,000或10⁹
a very large number or amount of something:一个非常大的数量或数量的东西
a billion pounds or dollars:十亿英镑或美元
a million million (1,000,000,000,000 or 10¹²).:百万（1,000,000,000,000或10¹²）。
billion |ˈbɪljən| Numeral/:十亿,亿
a world population of nearly 5 billion:全球近50亿人口
our immune systems are killing billions of germs right now:我们的免疫系统正在杀死数十亿的细菌
the problem persists despite the billions spent on it:尽管花费了数十亿美元，但问题仍然存在

vt. 1 给出证据、论点等:
2 produce sth (from/out of sth) 出示，展示，使…从某处出现:
vt. 产生某一结果或效果，类似于bring about:
vt. 生产或制造商品，尤指大批量地，是经济领域里表示“生产制造”的最常用词，可以生产农产品，也可以制造工业产品、各种材料等。与manufacture近义。除此以外，还尤指运用技能而制作或造出，但此时不一定是造出商品:
vt. 拍摄或制作电影、戏剧等以供观众观赏。整个流程通常包括了一系列的活动:
vt.（人或动物）繁殖。是一个广义用词:
vt. 生长，或使…自然地成长:
n. [U] 产品，尤指农产品:
vt. 一个城镇、国家等对一个人进行培养，栽培:
produce |[prə'dju:s]
to produce evidence 给出证据 
He produced a letter from his pocket. 他从口袋里掏出一封信来。
At the meeting the finance director produced the figures for the previous year. 会上，财务总监出示了前一年的数字。
A phone call to the manager produced the result she wanted. 她给经理打了个电话便如愿以偿。
The drug produces a feeling of excitement. 这种药能使人产生兴奋的感觉。
Which method is likely to produce the best result? 哪种方法会产生最好的结果？
to produce a particular form of language 形成一种特定的语言形式
a factory that produces microchips 微型芯片制造厂 
to produce goods 生产货物 
to produce beer 生产啤酒 
a handsomely produced reference book 制作精良的参考书 
the sounds that are typically produced by an American orchestra 美国一家管弦乐队演奏的典型音乐 
The technology can be used to produce interactive educational programs. 这种技术可用来设计互动式教育程序。
She produced a TV series about adopted children. 她拍了一部描写收养儿童的电视系列片。
Our cat produced kittens last week. 我家的猫上周生小猫咪了。
Her duty was to produce an heir to the throne. 她的任务就是生育王位继承人。
The region mainly produces wheat. 该地区主要出产小麦。
farm, agricultural, dairy（尤英）, organic produce 农产品；乳制品；有机农产品 
quality produce 优质农产品 
home-grown produce（尤英）自家栽种的农产品 
supermarket produce 超市农产品 
seasonal produce 季节性农产品 
I buy my produce directly from farmers. 我直接从农民手中购买农产品。
He is the greatest athlete this country has ever produced. 他是这个国家培养的最了不起的运动员。

vt. 把某人的头发剪得非常短:
n. [sing.] a crop of sth 同时做某事的一群人；同时发生的一些事:
n. [sing.] a crop of sth 同时做某事的一群人:
n. 1 [C] 非常短的发式:
2 [sing.] a crop of dark, fair, etc. hair/curls 短而浓密的头发:
n. [C] [术语] 禽类的嗉囊:
n. [C] 骑马者用的短鞭子:
vt. 动物啃吃植物的顶部（尤指啃吃草的顶部）:
n. [C] 谷物、水果等一季的产量、收成。此时不如harvest常用:
vi. 指植物有收成:
vt. 用土地来种庄稼。名词用作动词，不常用:
n. [C] 庄稼、作物:
vt. [术语] 剪裁或剪切图片或照片:
crop |[krɒp]
His hair was closely cropped. 他的头发剪得很短。
the cream of the crop 一批人中的精英 
a crop of disasters 一连串的灾难 
a crop of books 一批书
the cream of the crop 一批人中的精英
a riding crop 骑马用的短鞭子
corn crop 玉米产量 
good crop 好收成 
poor crop 歉收 
The corn cropped well this year. 今年玉米丰收。
This area of land is intensively cropped. 这片地种满了庄稼。
agricultural crop 农作物 
cash crop 经济作物 
forage, food crop 饲料作物；粮食作物 
staple crop 主要农作物 
growing crop 生长中的庄稼 
fruit, root, seed, vegetable crop 水果类作物；根用作物；种子作物；蔬菜类作物 
genetically engineered crop 转基因作物 
crop rotation 农作物轮作 
crop failure 庄稼绝收 
crop production, crop yield 农作物产量 
crop plant 作物植株

n. [U] 额外的趣味或刺激:
vt. ~ sth (up) (with sth) 给…增添趣味、使…变得刺激:
n. [C, U] 味道冲的植物调味香料:
vt. ~ sth (up) (with sth) 在食物中加香料:
spice |[spaɪs]
We need an exciting trip to add some spice to our lives. 我们需要一次新奇的旅行来调剂一下生活。
the spice of life 生活趣味 
Variety is the spice of life! 多样化使生活更有情趣！
To add spice to the debate, they disagreed about method and ideology. 他们在方法和观念上都持不同意见，这使辩论精彩了很多。
The result added extra spice to the game. 那个结果为游戏增加了别样的情趣。
The danger added spice to their romance. 危险给他们的恋情增添了情趣。
He exaggerated the details to spice up the story. 他添油加醋，使故事更有趣味。
They spiced their conversations and discussions with intrigue. 他们的谈话和讨论透着些许的神秘。
a boring film spiced with the occasional funny moment 仅有几处笑点的无聊影片           
common spices such as ginger and cinnamon 姜和肉桂等常见香料 
a row of spice jars 
ground spice 调味粉 
mixed spice（尤英）混合调味品 
exotic spice 异国调料 
spice mix, spice mixture, spice rub（美）混合调味品 
spice cake 香料蛋糕 
spice cupboard, spice rack 调味品柜；调味瓶架 
herbs and spices 调味芳草和香料
Their bread is spiced with cinnamon. 他们的面包用了肉桂调味。
I don't really like highly spiced food. 我不太喜欢味道很重的食物。
a dish of lightly spiced rice 一盘淡味米饭

a spherical object or shape:球形物体或形状
a golden globe surmounted by a cross, forming part of the regalia of a monarch:一个由十字架覆盖的金球，构成君主王权的一部分
a celestial body.:一个天体。
an eye:一只眼睛
a circle of up to 10° radius around the position of a celestial object:
orb |ɔːb| Noun/:球体,宝珠
a pale orb of hazy reddish light:一团朦胧的红光
a crown, an orb, and a sceptre:一顶皇冠，一个球体，和一个权杖
two wild staring orbs which flashed around the room:两个疯狂的凝视球体在房间周围闪烁
within an orb of 1° of Mars:在火星1°范围内

an expert in or student of the scientific study of plants:植物科学研究的专家或学生
botanist |ˈbɒt(ə)nɪst| Noun/:,植物师
a botanist announced he'd bred a new and beautiful variety of orchid:a植物学家宣布他培育出一种新的美丽的兰花

a climbing or trailing woody-stemmed plant related to the grapevine.:与葡萄藤有关的攀援或尾随木本茎植物。
used in names of climbing or trailing plants of other families, e.g. Russian vine.:用于其他科的攀缘植物或拖尾植物的名称，例如俄罗斯葡萄。
the slender stem of a trailing or climbing plant:拖尾或攀援植物的细长茎
clothes:衣服
vine |vʌɪn| Noun/:藤蔓,藤,蔓
the vines of a vast wisteria:巨大紫藤的藤蔓
the hip got their vines at Wolmuth's on Market Street:thehip在MarketStreet的Wolmuth's摘葡萄

vi. ~ (for/against sth) 选择（采取或不采取某个行动方案）:
opt |[ɒpt;美ɑ:pt]
After graduating she opted for a career in music. 毕业后她选择了从事音乐工作。
Many workers opted to leave their jobs rather than take a pay cut. 许多工人宁肯下岗也不接受减薪。
Depending on your circumstances you may wish to opt for one method or the other. 依据自身情况的不同，你可能希望选择这种或那种方法。
Our students can also opt to stay in residence. 我们的学生也可以选择住校。

vt. [正式]（火）完全烧毁:
vt. 消耗、耗费（时间）:
vt. [正式] consume sb (with sth) 常用被动式，表示使某人充满某种强烈感情:
vt. [正式] 消耗、耗费（燃料、能量或时间等）:
vt. [正式] 吃，喝:
consume |[kən'sju:m]
The hotel was quickly consumed by fire. 那座旅馆很快被大火吞噬。
Carolyn was consumed with guilt. 卡罗琳深感内疚。
Rage consumed him. 他无比愤怒。
The electricity industry consumes large amounts of fossil fuels. 电力工业消耗大量的化石燃料。
He had consumed a large quantity of alcohol. 他喝了大量的酒。

vt. carve sth (out) (for yourself) 无被动式，指努力工作（以取得职业生涯的成功，或赢得名声等）:
vt.＆vi. 把煮过的肉切成小块以供食用:
vt.＆vi.（用木头或石头）雕刻成物品、图案等:
vt. 在表面上刻写:
carve |[kɑːv]
She has carved a place for herself in the fashion world. 她已在时装界谋得一席之地。
He succeeded in carving out a career in the media. 他已在传媒界闯出了一片天地。
Who’s going to carve the turkey? 谁来把火鸡切成小块？
The statue was carved out of a single piece of stone. 这座雕像是用整块石料雕成的。
She carves in both stone and wood. 她既做石雕也做木雕。
They carved their initials on the desk. 他们把自己姓名的首字母刻在书桌上。

adj. [非正式] 怪异吓人的。相当于creepy:
spooky |[ˈspu:ki]
a spooky old house 阴森森的老房子 
The whole place has a slightly spooky atmosphere. 整个地方的气氛有点阴森可怖。
I was just thinking about her when she phoned. Spooky! 我正在想她，她就来电话了。你说怪不怪！
It got a little spooky when James started telling ghost stories. 詹姆斯开始讲鬼故事的时候，有点儿让人寒毛直竖了。
