fine				罚款，极好的
landmark				地标，里程碑
impose				强制执行，将...强加于人
titan				巨人，巨头
monopolistic			垄断的
tough				刚强的，强硬的
campaign				战役，运动
regulate				控制，调节
giant				巨人，大公司
closely				紧紧的，接近的
investigate			调查，审查
potential			潜在的，可能的，潜力
violation			违反，侵犯
prevent				阻止
merchant				商人，商人的
regulator			监管者
investigation			侦查，调查研究
conclude				结束，推断，决定
hinder				妨碍，阻挡
retail				零售
affect				影响，打动，侵袭
harm				损害
exceed				超过，超出
penalty				处罚
substantial			可观的，显著的
dent				凹痕，消减
fortune				运气，大笔财产
domestic				国内的，家里的
profit				利润
skepticism			怀疑态度
clout				重击，势力
repeatedly			不停的，一再
Goliath				巨人
generally			一般的，普遍的
mitigate				缓和，减轻
concern				担心
\\\\\\\\

adj. 1 常作前置定语，看上去令人愉快的，即好看的，漂亮的:
2 常作前置定语，精美的，精巧而吸引人的:
3 物品或衣服品质好的，精美的，华贵的:
adj. 用作感叹词，用于向某人表示一个行动、建议或决定是可接受的，即同意，可以，没问题:
adj. [术语] 指金属只含一种物质的，不含其他物质因而不减低该金属的质量的，即纯的，无杂质的:
adj. 开心的:
adj. 用于表示对某事物满意:
adv. [非正式] 以一种可接受或足够好的方式，令人满意地，即不错地:
adj. 1 纤细的，非常细的:
2 常作前置定语，难以看出或难以描述的:
3 由极细微的颗粒组成或制成的:
adj. 只作前置定语，（人）好的，有道德的，值得尊敬的:
adj.（人）健康的，身体好的。是一个简单用词:
n. [C] 由于破坏法律、法规或规则而被处以的罚款、罚金:
vt. fine sb (sth) (for sth/for doing sth) 常用被动式，向某人或组织等处以罚金:
adj. [尤英] 指天气晴朗的，可以是白天，也可以是晚上:
adj. 指词语或话语听起来很重要很华丽，但实际上并没什么实际内容或作用的，即辞藻华丽的，语言华而不实的:
adj. 常作前置定语，很好的，高质量的:
fine |[faɪn]
a fine view of the forest 森林美景 
a fine-looking girl 漂亮女孩 
fine features 清秀面容 
fine clothes 华丽的服装
That’s fine by me. 我认为没问题。
Fine. 好吧。
fine gold 纯金
“How are you?” “Fine, thank you.” “你好吗？”“好，谢谢。”
Your performance was fine. 你的表演很不错。
This paper’s not very good quality, but it’s fine for rough work. 这种纸质量不是很好，但用来打草稿很不错。
You’re doing fine. 你做得蛮不错。
The machine is working fine. 机器运转良好。
fine hairs on her arms 她胳膊上纤细的绒毛 
a fine tip 纤细的尖 
a fine thread 细线 
Her hair is very fine. 她的头发非常细。
the fine detail 细微之处 
a fine distinction 细微的差别 
a fine line between love and hate 爱恨只在一线间 
fine sand 细沙
a fine man 一个优秀的人（或品德高尚的人）
George looks fine now. 乔治现在看起来身体很不错。
physically fine 身体好 
to pay a heavy fine 支付一笔巨额罚款 
five-hundred-pound fine 五百英镑的罚款 
parking, speeding fine 违法停车罚款；超速驾驶罚款 
criminal fine 刑事犯罪罚款 
a maximum fine of $800 最高罚金是800美元。
The factory was fined $8 000 for polluting the environment. 这家工厂由于污染环境而被处以8000美元的罚款。
to be heavily fined 被处以高额罚款 
He got fined £200 for parking illegally. 他由于非法停车被罚200英镑。
a fine day 晴朗的一天 
a fine night 晴朗的夜晚 
It’s turned out fine again today. 今天天气又转晴了。
fine words 华而不实的辞藻
a fine book 一本好书 
a fine performance 精彩的演出 
fine wines 美酒

n. 1 [C] 地标（是一个显眼的建筑物或地理特征，能帮助人们判断自己所处的位置，或帮助人们判断别的建筑物的位置）:
2 [C] ~ (in sth) 抽象意义上的里程碑、转折点（标志着发展过程中的一个重要阶段）:
3 [C] [尤美] 有历史意义（因而需要保护）的建筑物（或遗址）:
landmark |[ˈlændmɑ:k;美-mɑ:rk]
The Ambassador Hotel is a Los Angeles landmark. 国宾大饭店是洛杉矶的地标性建筑之一。
The Empire State Building is a familiar landmark on the New York skyline. 帝国大厦是人们熟悉的纽约高楼大厦中的地标。
After twenty years all the familiar landmarks had disappeared. 20年过去了，所有熟悉的地标都已荡然无存。
distinctive（尤英）, prominent landmark 显眼的地表；突出的地标 
famous, well-known landmark 著名的地标 
city, local landmark 城市地标；当地地标 
architectural landmark 标志性建筑 
The building has been designated a historical landmark by the Commission. 大楼已经被委员会指定为历史地标。
landmark building 地标建筑 
The residents are seeking landmark status for the building.（landmark status尤为美式用法）居民们正在为大楼争取地标身份。
The tower was once a landmark for ships. 那座塔曾经是指引航船的陆标。
The ceasefire was seen as a major landmark in the fight against terrorism. 停火协定被看作是与恐怖主义斗争的重要里程碑。
a landmark ruling in the courts 具有里程碑意义的法庭裁决 
a landmark arms control treaty 里程碑式的军备控制条约 
The baby was one of the big landmarks in our relationship. 孩子的出世是我们俩关系中的一个重要转折点。
The Russian Revolution represents a landmark in world history. 俄国革命是世界历史上的一个里程碑。
landmark decision, landmark legislation（美）, landmark ruling 划时代的判决；里程碑式的立法；划时代的裁决 
a landmark decision on gay marriage 关于同性婚姻的划时代判决 
landmark case 标志性判例 
landmark event 标志性事件 
landmark achievement 标志性成就 
landmark study 标志性研究 
The piece is an important landmark in the history of music. 该作品是音乐史上一座重要的里程碑。
historic landmark 有历史意义的地标

vt. ~ sth (on/upon sth/sb) 推行或采用一项新法律、规则、税收、技术、解决方案等；（权威方）以命令的形式强制实行一项规则、惩罚措施等:
vt. ~ sth (on/upon sb/sth) 强加限制、约束等:
vt. ~ sth (on/upon sb) 使某人承受压力、负担、痛苦等:
vt. ~ sth (on/upon sb) 强行使某人接受你的观点、信仰、愿望等:
vi. ~ (on/upon sb/sth) 当某人可能不便的时候，勉强其为你做某事或花时间与你在一起:
vt. ~ yourself (on/upon sb/sth) 使某人或某事物接受或意识到你的在场或你的想法:
vt. ~ sth (on/upon sth/sb) 征收税款:
impose |[ɪmˈpəʊz;美ɪmˈpoʊz]
centrally impose（尤英）中央强制推行 
to meet externally imposed targets 达成外部强加的目标 
A new tax was imposed on fuel. 当局开始对燃油征收一项新税。
to impose fines on airlines 对航空公司课以罚款 
Many companies have imposed a pay freeze. 许多公司已经强制冻结了工资。
New technology cannot be used successfully if it is simply imposed on an unwilling workforce. 如果工人不愿意使用新技术却强迫他们使用，新技术是不能得到成功应用的。
People did not accept these national borders which had been arbitrarily imposed. 民众不接受这些以蛮横方式强行划定的国界。
One side in the conflict cannot unilaterally impose a settlement. 冲突的一方不能单方面强加一种解决方案。
to impose limitations, to impose restrictions, to impose constraints 强行限制；强行管制；强行约束 
The government has imposed a ban on the sale of handguns. 政府已下令禁止销售手枪。
The terms of the contract were effectively imposed rather than agreed. 合同的条件实际上不是双方同意而是强加的。
The filming imposed an additional strain on her. 拍摄任务使她承受了格外大的压力。
the pressures imposed upon teachers by ceaseless curriculum reforms 无休止的课程改革使教师承受的压力 
This system imposes additional financial burdens on many people. 这个制度给很多人增加了额外的经济负担。
She didn't want to impose her values on her family. 她并不想勉强家人接受自己的价值观。
You can't impose your will on the others. 你不能把自己的意志强加给别人。
Parents should beware of imposing their own tastes on their children. 父母应切记不要把自己的喜好强加给孩子。
Motivation to learn must come from the child; it cannot be artificially imposed. 学习的动机必须来自儿童本身——不能人为强加。
‘You must stay for lunch. ’ ‘Well, thanks, but I don't want to impose…’ “你一定得留下吃午饭。”“唔，谢谢，但我不想添麻烦…” 
Everyone imposes on Dave's good nature. 大家都欺负戴夫脾气好。
I was afraid you'd simply feel we were imposing on you. 我担心你会觉得我们是在勉强你。
'Mum thinks I should stop imposing on your hospitality, Leo,' said Grace. “利奥，我妈妈觉得我不应该再在这儿麻烦你了，”格雷丝说。
I didn't want to impose myself on my married friends. 我不想打扰自己已婚的朋友。
European civilization was the first to impose itself across the whole world. 欧洲文明是最先传扬到全世界的。
A new tax was imposed on fuel. 当局开始对燃油征收一项新税。
to impose fines on airlines 对航空公司课以罚款                       

a person or thing of very great strength, intellect, or importance:一个非常有力量、智慧或重要性的人或事物
any of the older gods who preceded the Olympians and were the children of Uranus (Heaven) and Gaia (Earth). Led by Cronus, they overthrew Uranus; Cronus' son, Zeus, then rebelled against his father and eventually defeated the Titans.:任何比奥林匹斯山更早的神，都是天王星（天堂）和盖亚（地球）的孩子。在克洛诺斯的带领下，他们推翻了天王星；克洛诺斯的儿子宙斯反抗他的父亲并最终击败了泰坦。
the largest satellite of Saturn (diameter 5,150 km), the fifteenth closest to the planet, discovered by C. Huygens in 1655. It is unique in having a hazy atmosphere of nitrogen, methane, and oily hydrocarbons.:土星最大的卫星（直径5,150公里），离地球最近的第十五颗卫星，由惠更斯于1655年发现。它的独特之处在于它具有由氮、甲烷和油性碳氢化合物组成的朦胧大气。
titan |ˈtʌɪt(ə)n| Noun/:,巨人
a titan of American industry:美国工业巨头

relating to a person or business that has exclusive possession or control of the supply of or trade in a commodity or service:关于对商品或服务的供应或贸易拥有独家所有权或控制权的个人或企业
monopolistic |mənɒp(ə)ˈlɪstɪk| Adjective/:,垄断
the investigation into monopolistic practices among supermarkets:超市垄断行为调查

adj. tough (on/with sb/sth) 要求特定规则必须得到遵守，且对于因此而可能造成的任何问题或痛苦表现出缺乏同情心的，如严厉的，无情的，强硬的。与strict近似。但tough更强调不近人情:
adj. 坚强到能够成功应对困难条件或情况的，即坚强的:
vt. tough sth out可指在一种困难情况中坚定地撑下去，牢牢地挨过去或坚持下去等:
adj. 不易切开（或打破、撕坏等）的，如结实的，坚韧的等:
adj.（肉）难以切开或难以咀嚼的，与tender相反:
adj. 1 强壮到能够成功应对困难条件或情况的，如健壮的:
2（人）身体强壮且接近于暴力的，如粗野的，彪悍的等:
n. [C] [旧时，非正式] 经常对他人使用暴力的一个人，如粗暴的人，暴徒等:
adj. [非正式] tough (on sb)（对某人来说）不幸的或倒霉的，且看起来不公平的:
adj. 有（或造成）问题或困难的，如艰难的，棘手的等:
tough |[tʌf]
Don’t be too tough on him--he was only trying to help. 别对他要求过严，他只是想帮忙。
The school takes a tough line on cheating. 学校对作弊行为的惩罚很严厉。
The government has promised to get tough on crime. 政府承诺对犯罪行为采取严厉措施。
mentally tough 坚韧不拔 
He’s not tough enough for a career in sales. 他干推销这一行缺少足够的韧劲。
She’s a tough cookie. 她是个有主见的人。
to have to tough it out 不得不硬着头皮撑到底
a tough pair of shoes 一双结实的鞋 
The reptile’s skin is extremely tough. 这种爬行动物的皮肤极其坚韧。
a tough breed of cattle 一头健壮型的牛 
Are you sure you’re physically tough enough for this job? 你确信你有足够的体力胜任这份工作吗？
You think you’re so tough, don’t you? 你以为自己够厉害的，是不是？
He plays the tough guy in the movie. 他在电影中扮演硬汉。
‘I can’t get it finished in time.’ ‘Tough!’（讽刺用法）“我无法按时完成。”“活该倒霉！” 
It was tough on her being dropped from the team like that. 她就这样被队里刷了下来，真是倒霉。
a tough decision 艰难的决定 
a tough test 严峻的考验 
a tough childhood 苦难的童年 
It can be tough trying to juggle a career and a family. 要事业家庭两不误，有时会很艰难。
It’s very tough on the wives when the husbands leave. 丈夫离去会使妻子处境艰难。

n. [C] campaign (against/for sth) 为达到某一社会、商业或政治目的而进行的一系列有计划的活动，即运动:
n. [C] 战争期间，为达到某一军事目的而进行的一系列战斗，即军事行动，战役（一场campaign包含了若干场battle）:
n. [C] 政治竞选:
campaign |[kæm'peɪn][kæm'peɪn]
They began a grass-roots campaign to encourage people to shop locally. 他们开展群众运动，鼓励人们在当地消费。
election, political campaign 竞选活动；政治运动 
advertising, promotional campaign 广告宣传活动；促销活动 
public relations, propaganda, publicity, media campaign 公关活动；宣传活动；媒体宣传活动 
anti-corruption, protest, fund-raising, recruitment, terrorist, campaign 反腐败运动；抗议活动；筹款活动；招募活动；恐怖活动 
the campaign for racial equality 争取种族平等的运动
air, bombing, guerrilla, military campaign 空袭行动；爆炸行动；游击运动；军事行动 
campaign promise, campaign slogan 竞选承诺；竞选口号

vt.&vi.（尤指通过规章制度、规则）控制、约束、管理:
vt. 调节，控制（机器或系统的速度、压力、温度等）:
regulate |[ˈregjuleɪt]
The activities of credit companies are regulated by law. 信贷公司的业务受法律的制约。
It is up to the regulating authority to put the measures into effect. 应该由管理部门落实这些措施。
The powers of the European Commission to regulate competition are increasing. 欧盟委员会对竞争的监管权越来越大。
The use of these chemicals is strictly regulated. 这些化学品的使用受到严格管制。
Tobacco is a federally regulated product. 烟草是属于联邦监管的产品。
a code of conduct intended to regulate press reporting on the royal family 为管控媒体报道王室信息而订立的一套行为规范
This valve regulates the flow of water. 这个阀门调节水流。
As we get older the temperature-regulating mechanisms in the body tend to become a little less efficient. 随着年龄的增长，人体体温调节机制的功能往往会有所弱化。

n. [C] 强大的组织机构:
n. [C] 有权势的一个人:
adj. [只用于名词前] 巨大的；比同类事物更大或更重要的:
n. [C] 体型较大的一个人、动物或植物:
n. [C] 巨大的公司:
n. [C] 极擅长某事的一个人:
n. [C] 大国:
n. [C]（尤指古代传说中虚构的）巨人（通常残酷且愚蠢）:
giant |[ˈdʒaɪənt]
He has enormous charisma. He is a giant of a man. 他有超凡的个人魅力，是个伟人。
a giant crab 巨蟹 
a giant-size box of tissues 特大一盒纸巾 
a giant step towards achieving independence 朝着独立迈出的巨大的一步 
Italy's giant car maker, Fiat 意大利汽车生产巨头菲亚特公司 
a giant oak table 巨大的橡木桌
The biggest man in the patrol, a giant of a man, lifted Mattie on to his shoulders. 巡逻队中块头最大的那个彪形大汉将玛蒂举起来放到自己的肩上。
Some people are intimidated by his size. but in fact he's a gentle giant. 有些人被他的大块头吓住了，实际上他很和善。
He was a giant of a man, standing nearly seven feet tall. 他是一个巨人，身高差不多有七英尺。
The Amazon is a giant among rivers. 亚马孙河是一条巨大的河流。
corporate, multinational giant 大型企业；大型跨国公司 
industrial, oil, pharmaceutical, retail, software, telecom giant 工业巨头；石油巨头；制药巨头；零售巨头；软件巨头；电信巨头 
The oil giant Esso is planning to set up a new refinery in the port. 石油业巨头埃索打算在这个港口建一座新炼油厂。
the multinational oil giants 跨国大石油公司 
Japanese electronics giant Sony 日本电子业巨头索尼公司 
one of Germany's industrial giants, Daimler-Benz 德国工业巨头之一，戴姆勒—奔驰公司 
The company is now one of the giants of the computer industry. 这家公司现在是计算机行业的巨头之一。
literary giants 大文豪 
He was without question one of the giants of Japanese literature. 毋庸置疑，他是日本的文学巨匠之一。
the giant of opera, Luciano Pavarotti 歌剧界巨擘卢恰诺·帕瓦罗蒂
a Nordic saga of giants 北欧的巨人传奇

with little or no space or time in between:中间几乎没有空间或时间
in a narrowly enclosed way:以狭隘的方式
in a way that involves only a small margin between the winner and loser:以一种只涉及赢家和输家之间很小的差距的方式
in a way that involves a strong resemblance or connection:
in a collective or unified way:以集体或统一的方式
very affectionately or intimately:非常亲切或亲密
in a careful and attentive way:以细心和细心的方式
in a cautious or secretive way:以谨慎或隐秘的方式
closely |ˈkləʊsli| Adverb/:密切
closely spaced homes:密室
pens of closely confined fish:圈密闭的鱼
a closely fought contest:一场势均力敌的比赛
the students had to answer questions closely related to what they just learned:学生必须回答与他们刚刚学到的知识密切相关的问题
we will be working closely with stakeholders:我们将与利益相关者密切合作
he has bonded very closely with his Miami family:他与他的迈阿密家人关系密切
patients have to be watched closely for side effects:患者必须密切观察副作用
a closely guarded plan:一个严密保护的计划

vt.&vi. 研究一个学科、主题或问题:
vt.&vi. 调查（情况、事件、罪案等的事实、原因、过程等）:
vt. ~ sb (for sth) 调查某人的性格、活动等:
investigate |[ɪnˈvestɪgeɪt]
Scientists are investigating the effects of diet on fighting cancer. 科学家正在研究饮食的抗癌作用。
The research investigates how foreign speakers gain fluency. 这项研究旨在调查讲外语的人如何增加流利程度。
The FBI has been called in to investigate. 联邦调查局奉命进行调查。
The allegations have not yet been properly investigated. 这些指控尚未经过适当调查。
Police are investigating possible links between the murders. 警察正在调查这些谋杀案之间是否存在关联。
The two officers were being investigated by the director of public prosecutions. 两名警官正在接受检察官的审查。
Gas officials are investigating the cause of an explosion which badly damaged a house in Hampshire. 煤气系统的官员正在调查一起瓦斯爆炸的起因，这起事故严重毁坏了汉普郡的一所房屋。
The company has pledged to investigate claims that its products are unsafe. 公司承诺对其产品存在的安全隐患的投诉进行调查。
‘What was that noise? ’ ‘I'll go and investigate.’（非正式用法）“那是什么声音？”“我去看一下。” 
He is being investigated for illegal business dealings. 他因为涉嫌非法交易而正在接受调查。
This is not the first time he has been investigated by the police for fraud. 这不是警方第一次调查他是否有欺诈行为。

n. [U] 存在并可以得到开发的品质，如潜力、潜质，相当于promise:
n. [U, C] 物理学中可指电场或电路中两点之间的电压数之差，即电势、电位、电压:
adj. 只用于名词前，指在未来可能发展成某事物的，或在未来可能得到发展的。即潜在的、可能的，相当于possible:
n. [U] potential (for/for doing sth) 某事发生（或得到发展、被使用）的可能性:
potential |[pə'tenʃl]
He has the potential to become a world-class musician. 他有潜力成为世界级的音乐家。
You aren’t using your computer to its full potential. 你没有充分发挥计算机的潜能。
commercial, economic potential 商业潜力；经济潜力 
an industry that has the potential for growth 有发展潜力的行业 
the product’s potential 这款产品的潜力 
The house has a lot of potential. 这所房子颇具潜力。
potential customers 潜在的客户 
a potential prime minister 未来的首相 
potential problems 潜在的问题 
a potential source 潜在的来源
the potential for change 变革的可能性 
excellent potential for increasing sales 增加销售的大好机遇

n. [U, C]（对法律、协议或承诺的）违反:
violation |[ˌvaɪəˈleɪʃn]
They were in open violation of the treaty. 他们公然违反条约。
gross violations of human rights 对人权的粗暴践踏 
The attack on civilians is a flagrant iolation of the peace agreement. 袭击平民的举动是对和平协定的公然违背。
practices that are in direct violation of the Geneva Conventions 直接违背《日内瓦公约》的行径 
civil liberties（尤美）, civil rights（尤美）, human rights violation 对公民自由的践踏；对民权的践踏；对人权的践踏 
privacy violation 对隐私的侵犯 
ethical violation（尤美）对道德的践踏 
code, law, rule violation（均尤美）对守则的违犯；对法律的违犯；对规则的违犯 
He had been fined for building code violations. 他曾因违反建筑规范被罚款。
arrests for drug law violations 因违反禁毒法而进行的拘捕 
criminal violation（尤美）刑事犯罪 
drug violation（尤美）违反禁毒法 
traffic violation 交通违法行为 
copyright, trademark violation 对版权的侵犯；对商标的侵犯 
parole, probation violation（均尤美）假释违规；缓刑违规 
immigration, visa violation（均尤美）移民违规；签证违规 
safety, security violation（均尤美）违反安全规程 
fines for safety violations 对违反安全规程的罚款 
anti-trust violation（美）违反反垄断法 
The army was accused of committing violations against the accord. 军队被控多次违反协定。
This action constitutes a violation of international law. 这一行动违反了国际法。
There is plenty of evidence that her actions were in violation of an earlier contract. 有大量证据表明她的行为违反了先前的合同。
violations against minimum wage agreements 对最低工资协定的违反

vt. prevent sb/sth (from doing sth) 防止某人做某事；防止某事发生。是一个常规用词:
vt. prevent sb/sth (from doing sth) 阻止某人做某事；阻止某事发生。具体可称为阻止、阻碍、阻挠等:
prevent |[prɪ'vent]
The accident could have been prevented. 这次事故本来是可以避免的。
to prevent sunburn 防止晒伤 
prevent the disease from spreading 防止疾病蔓延
These barriers prevent new companies from entering the market. 这些障碍使新公司无法进入市场。
No one can prevent you from attending this meeting. 没有人能阻止你参加这次会议。

n. [C] 喜欢某一项活动的人，英式用法，非正式，含贬义:
n. 1 [C] 大批量买卖货物的商人，尤指进出口批发商:
2 [C] 美国英语中可指商店店主或公司拥有者（或运营者）:
adj. 与海上货运有关的，只作前置定语:
merchant |['mə:tʃənt]
a speed merchant 好开快车的人 
noise merchants 噪音制造者
foreign, local merchant 外国商人；当地商人 
wine, wool, etc. merchant 葡萄酒商；羊毛商等 
builders’ merchant 建材商 
rich merchant 富商 
He lives on credit from local merchants. 他靠向当地商家赊账过活。
merchant fleet, merchant ship, merchant shipping 商船队；商船；航运

a person or thing that regulates something.:调节某事的人或物。
a person or body that supervises a particular industry or business activity:
a device for controlling the rate of working of machinery or for controlling fluid flow, in particular a handle controlling the supply of steam to the cylinders of a steam engine:一种控制机械工作速度或控制流体流量的装置，特别是控制蒸汽机汽缸供应蒸汽的手柄
a device for adjusting the balance of a clock or watch in order to regulate its speed.:一种用于调整时钟或手表的平衡以调节其速度的装置。
regulator |ˈrɛɡjʊleɪtə| Noun/:调节器,监管机构
regulators of privatized utilities:私有化公用事业监管者
the driver had opened the regulator to ease forward:司机已经打开调节器以缓和前进

n. [C, U] ~ (into sth) 科学研究；学术研究:
n. [C, U] ~ (into sth) 官方对情况、罪案等的调查、侦查:
investigation |[ɪnˌvestɪˈgeɪʃn]
an investigation into the spending habits of teenagers 对十几岁青少年的消费习惯进行的调查研究
Gas officials are investigating the cause of an explosion which badly damaged a house in Hampshire. 煤气系统的官员正在调查一起瓦斯爆炸的起因,这起事故严重毁坏了汉普郡的一所房屋。
The two officers were being investigated by the director of public prosecutions. 两名警官正在接受检察官的审查。
criminal, murder, police investigation 刑事调查；凶案调查；警方调查 
The police have completed their investigations into the accident. 警察已完成对这次事故的调查。
She is still under investigation. 她仍在接受调查。
The authorities conducted an extensive investigation into his tax affairs. 当局对他的纳税情况进行了大范围的调查。
congressional, federal, government investigation 国会调查；联邦调查；政府调查 
The board of directors commissioned its own internal investigation. 董事会决定自行展开内部调查。
independent investigation 独立调查 
He called for investigation into the hospital's management. 他呼吁对医院的管理进行调查。

vt. conclude sth (with sb) 与某人达成（或订立、缔结）正式且最终的协议或协定:
vt.＆vi. [正式] conclude (sth) (with sth) 结束，终止；使…结束或终止:
conclude (from sth) that ... 断定…为（所听到或看到的某事物的）结果，可称为推断出，或得出结论。是此义的常规用词:
conclude |[kən'klu:d]
to conclude a treaty 缔结一项条约 
to conclude an agreement 签署一项协议
concluding remarks 结束语 
to conclude investigation 结束调查 
The programme concluded with Stravinsky’s ‘Rite of Spring’. 演出节目以斯特拉文斯基的《春之祭》结束。
vt. conclude sth (from sth) 
What do you conclude from that? 你从这件事中得出了什么结论？
He concluded from their remarks that they were not in favour of the plan. 他从他们的话语中推断出他们不赞同此项计划。
The report concluded (that) the cheapest option was to close the laboratory. 这份报告认为代价最低廉的选择是关闭实验室。

vt. ~ sb/sth (from sth/from doing sth) 使某人做某事（或某事发生）的过程变得困难，即阻碍、妨碍:
hinder |[ˈhɪndə(r)]
a political situation that hinders economic growth 妨碍经济发展的政治局面 
These killings have seriously hindered progress towards peace. 这几起杀人事件严重阻碍了和平进程。
These laws will hinder rather than help progress. 这些法律将只会妨碍而不是有助于进步。
Some teachers felt hindered by a lack of resources. 有些教师因资源不足而感到困难重重。
factors which might help or hinder a child's progress at school 有可能促进或妨碍孩子在学校发展的一些因素 
Does the fact that your players are part-timers help or hinder you? 队员们都是兼职的，这对你有利还是不利？
Further investigation was hindered by the loss of all documentation on the case. 由于案件卷宗全部丢失致使进一步的调查受阻。
Landslides and bad weather are continuing to hinder the arrival of relief supplies to the area. 滑坡和恶劣天气仍在阻碍救援物资运送到该地区。
An injury was hindering him from playing his best. 受伤后他无法发挥出最高水平。
A thigh injury increasingly hindered her mobility. 大腿受伤使她行动愈发不便。
Bulky clothes tend to hinder movement. 肥大的衣服常常碍手碍脚。

the sale of goods to the public in relatively small quantities for use or consumption rather than for resale:向公众出售相对少量的商品供使用或消费而非转售
being sold by retail or at a retail price:以零售或零售价出售
sell (goods) to the public by retail:通过零售向公众销售（商品）
(of goods) be sold by retail for (a specified price):（商品）以（指定价格）零售
relate or repeat (a story) in detail:
retail |ˈriːteɪl| Adverb/Noun/Verb/:零售,零售业
it is not yet available retail:it尚未零售
the difficulties in retailing the new products:新产品零售困难
the product retails for around £20:该产品零售价约为20英镑
his inimitable way of retailing a diverting anecdote:他以独特的方式传播引人入胜的轶事

vt. [正式，贬] 为给别人留下印象而使用或穿着某事物，即炫耀性地使用或穿戴，相当于put on:
vt. 常用被动式，使某人拥有强烈的悲伤、同情等感情:
vt. 常用被动式，在某人或某事物中产生一个变化，即影响:
vt.＆vi. [正式] 假装感觉（或假装思考）某事:
vt. [正式，贬] 为给别人留下印象而穿着…，即炫耀性地穿戴，相当于put on:
vt. 常用被动式，（一种疾病）侵袭某人或身体的某个部位；使某人生病。也算常用:
affect |[ə'fekt]
I wish he wouldn’t affect that ridiculous accent. 但愿他别故意装出那种可笑的腔调。
Her death affected him deeply. 她的死令他悲痛欲绝。
How will these changes affect us? 这些变化对我们会有什么影响？
Your opinion will not affect my decision. 你的意见不会影响我的决定。
Sales did not seem unduly affected. 销售似乎并未受到过分的影响。
developments that are likely to affect the environment 一些很有可能影响环境的开发 
The south of the country was worst affected by the drought. 该国南方旱情最严重。
She affected a calmness she did not feel. 她强装镇静。
The condition affects one in five women. 每五个妇女就有一人患有这种疾病。
Rub the cream into the affected areas. 把乳膏揉进感染处。

vt. 伤害或损害:
n. [U] 由人、动物或事物、事件等所造成的伤害、损害，被伤害的可以是肉体、精神，或关系、情况等，是一种广义上的伤害:
n. [U] 由人、动物或事物、事件等所造成的精神或情感上的伤害、损害。含义最为基础、广泛:
vt. 伤害或损害:
n. [U] 由人、动物或事物、事件等对身体所造成的伤害、损害。是一种广义上的伤害，且伤害的程度可轻可重:
vt. 伤害或损害:
harm |[hɑːm]
to physically harm 人身伤害 
Misusing drugs in pregnancy can seriously harm your baby. 妊娠期间误用药物会严重伤害胎儿。
Pollution can harm marine life. 污染会危及海洋生物。
These revelations will harm her chances of winning the election. 这些揭露的事实将不利于她赢得选举。
emotional, mental, physical, psychological harm 情感上的伤害；精神上的伤害；身体上的伤害；心理上的伤害 
economic, environmental harm 经济损害；环境危害 
He may look fierce, but he means no harm. 他可能看上去很凶，但并无恶意。
I don’t want any harm to come to these pictures. 我不想这些画有任何闪失。
The court case will do serious harm to my business. 这起诉讼案件将严重损害我的生意。
Look, we’re just going out for a few drinks, where’s the harm in that? 瞧，我们只不过要出去喝几杯，这有什么坏处？ 
emotional, mental, psychological harm 情感伤害；精神伤害；心理伤害
He would never harm anyone. 他永远不会伤害任何人。
physical harm 身体伤害 
He may look fierce, but he means no harm. 他可能看上去很凶，但并无恶意。
She tried to shield her child from harm. 她尽力保护自己的孩子免受伤害。
physically harm 人身伤害 
He would never harm anyone. 他永远不会伤害任何人。

vt. [正式] 超过（某一数量、数字等）:
vt. [正式] 超越（法律、权限、命令等的）限制:
exceed |[ɪkˈsi:d]
The price will not exceed £100. 价格不会超过100英镑。
Its research budget exceeds $700 million a year. 其研究预算每年超过7亿美元。
The demand for places at some schools exceeds the supply. 某些学校的入学申请人数超过了招生。
His achievements have exceeded expectations. 他的成就出乎预料。
The House voted by 327 votes to 93, comfortably exceeding the required two-thirds majority. 议会以327 票赞同 93 票反对通过、这大大超过了所要求的三分之二多数票。
Their numbers barely exceed 100 in the wild. 它们在自然环境中的数量勉强超过100。
Summer temperatures rarely exceed 27°C. 夏季气温很少超过27摄氏度。
Income is expected to exceed expenditure. 收入有望超过支出。
She was exceeding the speed limit (= driving faster than is allowed). 当时她超速驾驶。
The officers had exceeded their authority. 这些官员超越了他们的权限。
I would be exceeding my powers if I ordered the march to be halted. 如果我命令停止游行，我就越权了。

n. [C] ~ (of sth) 为某事付出的代价:
n. 1 [C] 在体育运动中对犯规者的判罚、处罚:
2 [C]（足球和其他类似体育运动中的）点球、罚点球得分:
n. [C] ~ (for sth)（对犯罪、违反罪责、违反合同、犯错等实施的）惩罚、处罚、刑罚:
n. [C] ~ (of sth) 某事的坏处、害处、不利之处:
penalty |[ˈpenəlti]
He's now paying the penalty for his misspent youth. 现在他要为虚度青春付出代价。
You must accept the penalty for your rash actions. 你必须为你的鲁莽行为付出代价。
Why should I pay the penalty for somebody else's mistake? 为什么我要代人受过？
He incurred a ten-second penalty in the first round. 他在第一轮受到停赛十秒钟的处罚。
controversial, disputed, dodgy（英，非正式）, dubious 有争议的点球；可疑的点球 
winning penalty 制胜的点球 
well-struck penalty 踢得非常好的点球 
missed penalty 没有踢进的点球 
first-half, injury-time, second-half penalty 上半场的点球；伤停补时阶段的点球；下半场的点球 
early, late penalty 开场不久的点球；临近终场的点球 
last-minute penalty 最后关头的点球 
12th-minute 第12分钟的点球 
They were leading until Cole gave away a penalty. 在科尔送出一粒点球之前他们一直领先。
We were unlucky not to get a penalty. 很不幸，我们没得到点球机会。
Owen scored from a first-half penalty. 欧文上半场点球得分。
Ricketts netted his third penalty of the season to put his team ahead. 里基茨打进了他本赛季的第三粒点球，使他的球队领先。
penalty area, penalty box, penalty corner, penalty spot 罚球区；受罚席；罚球区角；罚球点 
penalty award 获点球 
penalty kick 踢点球 
penalty shoot-out 点球决胜负 
penalty goal 点球得分 
Jonathan Davies scored a penalty goal. 乔纳森·戴维斯点球得分。
penalty miss 点球罚失 
penalty save 点球的扑救 
penalty taker 点球主罚者 
penalty chance, penalty opportunity 点球机会 
penalty attempt 想制造点球 
They won, thanks to a late penalty from Fry. 他们靠弗赖伊临近终场的一粒点球赢得了比赛胜利。
Two minutes later Ford equalized with a penalty. 两分钟后，福特以一记点球将比分扳平。
We were awarded a penalty after a late tackle. 对方铲球犯规后，我们得到了一个点球。
I volunteered to take the penalty (= be the person who tries to score the goal/point). 我自愿主罚点球。
He missed a penalty in the last minute of the game. 在比赛的最后一刻，他罚失了点球。
Referee Michael Reed had no hesitation in awarding a penalty. 裁判迈克尔·里德毫不犹豫地判了点球。          
to impose a penalty 予以惩罚 
harsh, heavy, hefty, severe, stiff, strict, substantial, tough penalty 严厉的处罚；重罚；严惩 
draconian penalty 严厉的处罚 
light penalty 轻罚 
maximum, minimum penalty 最重的处罚；最轻的处罚 
Assault carries a maximum penalty of seven years' imprisonment. 侵犯人身罪可判处最高七年的监禁。
The maximum penalty is up to 7 years imprisonment or an unlimited fine. 最高处罚是最多7年监禁或者无上限罚款。
ultimate penalty 极刑 
These crimes carried with them the ultimate penalty of execution. 这些罪行导致他们被处以极刑。
a new system of fixed penalties for most traffic offences（fixed为英式用法）一套新的适用于大多数交通违章的定额罚款系统 
mandatory penalty 强制性处罚 
The legislation sanctions harsh mandatory penalties for weapons possession. 法规批准对持有武器实行严厉制裁。
financial, monetary, tax penalty 经济处罚；罚款；税务罚款 
the heavy financial penalties of paying of the loan early 为提前还清贷款而交纳的巨额罚款 
exit, redemption penalty（均英）按揭退出费；解除抵押罚金 
There are redemption penalties if you pay off the mortgage early. 如果提前还清按揭，要付解约费。
civil, criminal 民事处罚；刑事处罚 
the movement for the abolition of the death penalty 争取废除死刑的运动 
calls to restore the death penalty 对恢复死刑的呼时 
One of those arrested could face the death penalty. 被捕的那些人中有一人可能被判死刑。
The penalty handed down was disproportionate to the crime committed. 被判处的刑罚与所犯罪行不相称。
From time to time, the death penalty was exacted for murder.（exact为正式用法）犯谋杀罪者有时被执行死刑。
Some lenders charge heavy penalties for early settlement.（charge尤为英式用法）有些贷款人对提前还清贷款收取巨额罚金。
The penalty for travelling without a ticket is £200. 无票乘车的罚款为200英镑。
You can withdraw money from the account at any time without penalty. 您可以随时从账户中提款，不收罚金。
He was seeking financial penalties against the company. 他正谋求对该公司处以罚款。
Contractors who fall behind schedule incur heavy financial penalties. 承包商如延误工期将被处以巨额罚款。
crimes which carry severe penalties 要受严惩的罪行 
Credit card companies will waive penalties for flood victims who are unable to pay on time. 信用卡公司将免除无法按时还款的水灾灾民的滞纳金。
penalty fee 罚款 
penalty notice, penalty ticket（均英）罚款通知单 
You will be given a fixed penalty notice if you fail to renew insurance on time. 如您未能及时续保，您将收到定额罚款通知书。
penalty fine（英）
There is a fixed penalty fine of £50 for allowing your dog to foul public places. 狗在公共场所排便要被处以 50 英镑的定额罚款。
penalty point（英）违章驾驶罚分 
Penalty points are given to drivers who speed. 超速行驶的司机要被扣违章分。
penalty payment（尤英）罚款缴付 
penalty clause（尤英）处罚条款 
a penalty clause in a contract 合同中的惩罚条款 
penalty system 罚款制度 
The Romans prohibited the teaching of the Torah on penalty of death. 罗马人禁止讲授《摩西五经》，违者处死。
The application should be signed under penalty of perjury. 申请应签字，否则以伪证罪论处。
He threatened stiffer penalties on young offenders. 他扬言要对未成年犯施加更严厉的处罚。
One of the penalties of fame is loss of privacy. 成名的弊端之一是失掉了隐私。
He's now paying the penalty for his misspent youth. 现在他要为虚度青春付出代价。
People who lose their jobs are suffering the penalties for longer periods. 失业者遭受的痛苦时间更长。 
You must accept the penalty for your rash actions. 你必须为你的鲁莽行为付出代价。
Why should I pay the penalty for somebody else's mistake? 为什么我要代人受过？
It's a penalty of us being girls--sons have an easy time. 这是我们身为女孩的弊端——男孩子们过得轻松。

adj. 大量的:
adj. 价值巨大的:
adj. [常用于名词前] [正式] 大而坚固的；建造得结实坚固的:
adj. 相当重要的:
substantial |[səbˈstænʃl]
Substantial numbers of people support the reforms. 相当多的人支持这些改革措施。
The party has just lost office and with it a substantial number of seats. 该党刚刚竞选失利，同时还失去了许多席位。
He ate a substantial breakfast. 他吃了一顿丰盛的早餐。
substantial sums of money 大笔大笔的钱
a substantial house 结实的房子
a substantial change 重大变化 
That is a very substantial improvement in the present situation. 在当前形势下这是一个非常巨大的进步。        

vt. 损害、伤害（某人的信心、名誉等）:
vt. 削弱:
n. [C] 大幅的削弱:
vt.（尤指通过撞击）在坚硬表面弄出一个凹陷:
n. [C]（尤指通过撞击）在坚硬表面弄出的一个凹陷:
dent |[dent]
It seemed that nothing could dent his confidence. 似乎任何事情都不会使他的信心受挫。
Being turned down for the job dented his pride quite badly. 申请这份工作被拒严重打击了他的自尊心。          
This has not dented the City's enthusiasm for the company. 这并没有减弱伦敦金融界对这个公司的热情。
Cheap goods from overseas could severely dent the company's sales. 海外来的廉价商品可能会给这家公司的销售带来严重冲击。
The commission had barely begun to make a dent in the problem. 委员会几乎还没有在这个问题上取得任何进展。
I hated to put any dents in his enthusiasm, but I was trying to be realistic. 我不想打击他的热情，只是试图现实一些。
The latest health scare has made a significant dent in the sales of beef. 最近的这波健康恐慌重创了牛肉销售。           
The back of the car was badly dented in the collision. 汽车尾部被撞后严重凹陷。
A great chunk of loose kerbing smashed into my left-front wheel, bursting the tyre and denting the rim. 我车子的左前轮撞在一大块松动的路缘石上，导致车胎爆裂、轮辋凹陷。
Its brass feet dented the carpet's thick pile. 其黄铜支脚把厚绒地毯压出了印。
a large dent in the car door 车门上一大块凹陷 
My side of the car had a large dent in it. 在我这一侧的车身上有一处很大的凹痕。
The impact of the stones made little dents in the metal. 石头的撞击在金属上留下了小小的凹痕。

n. [C] 一大笔钱:
n. 1 [U] 机会、运气，尤指影响人生的机会或运气。是一个常规用词:
2 [C, U] 作可数名词时常用复数，一个人、家庭、国家等所经历的好的和坏的事情，即际遇、命运、局势、运势等:
3 [C] 一个人的命运或前途:
fortune |['fɔ:tʃn]
That ring must be worth a fortune. 那枚戒指肯定要值好多钱。
a small fortune 一大笔钱 
She spends a fortune on clothes! 她在衣服上花钱很多！
to build fortune 积累财富 
She made a fortune on houses in the property boom. 她在房地产大热的时候靠卖房子发了财。
in search of fame and fortune 追寻名利。
They went to seek their fortune in the city. 他们到城里寻找发财机会。
family, personal fortune 家庭财产；个人财产 
Her aunt died and left her a fortune. 她的姨妈去世了，给她留下了一笔财产
bad, ill fortune 坏运气；厄运 
to bring good fortune 带来好运 
Fortune smiled on me that day. 那天我交了好运。
the changing fortunes of the film industry 电影业的变迁 
the fortunes of war 战争的局势 
a reversal of fortune(s) 命运的扭转 
political fortunes 政治命运 
fans who follow the fortunes of their chosen team 与自己选择的球队共命运的球迷 
She can tell your fortune by looking at the lines on your hand. 她可凭看手纹替你算命。
He went to have their fortunes read. 他去找人算命。
fortune teller, fortune telling 算命者；算命

adj.（动物）驯养的，作为宠物来饲养的、非野生的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 1 家用的、家庭的、家务的:
2 喜爱家庭生活的、享受家庭乐趣的、乐于操持家务的:
n. [C]（也可用domestic help或domestic worker）家庭里的佣人、家政工:
n. [C] [英，非正式] 家庭成员之间的纠纷或矛盾:
adj.（动物）驯养的，非野生的:
adj. [常用于名词前] 本国的、国内的:
domestic |[dəˈmestɪk]
a domestic cat 家猫
domestic appliances 家用器具 
a plan for sharing domestic chores 分担家务活的计划 
the growing problem of domestic violence (= violence between members of the same family) 日趋严重的家庭暴力问题 
I was called out to attend a domestic dispute. 我被叫出去解决一场家庭纠纷。
It was a scene of such domestic bliss. 这是一幅家庭如此幸福的画面。
domestic service (= the work of a servant in a large house) 家政服务 
domestic help (= help with the work in a house; the person or people who do this work) 家务帮助；家佣 
I'm not a very domestic sort of person. 我不是那种很喜欢待在家里的人。
She was kind and domestic and put her family before her part-time job. 她人很好也顾家，把家庭看得比兼职工作更为重要。
The police were called to sort out a domestic. 已叫警察来解决家庭纠纷。
domestic animal 家畜        
domestic affairs, domestic politics 国内事务；国内政治 domestic flights (= to and from places within a country) 国内航班 
Output consists of both exports and sales on the domestic market. 产量包括出口和国内市场销售两部分。

profit from sth 商业利润。是商业上表示“利润”的专业用词，也是一个基础通用词。它是一个很纯粹的概念，仅表示商业活动中赚得的金钱与消耗的金钱之间的差额。词义与loss（亏损）相反:
n. [U] 正式用法，指从做某事中所获得的好处，裨益。不太常用:
vt.＆vi. profit (by/from sth) 从某种情况中获得好处，对某人有用、有益:
profit |['prɒfɪt]
to make a quick profit 赚快钱 
expected profit 预期利润 
gross profit 毛利 
clear, net profit 净利润 
pure profit 纯利润 
an annual profit of £50 000 5万英镑的年利润 
corporate profit 公司利润 
personal profit 个人收益 
profit rate 利润率 
profit maximization 利润最大化 
The agency is not run for profit. 该机构不是为了营利。
Future lawyers could study this text with profit. 未来的律师研读这一文本也许会有裨益。
Farmers are profiting from the new legislation. 新法规使农民受益。
We tried to profit by our mistakes. 我们努力从错误中吸取教训。
Many local people believe the development will profit them. 当地的许多人认为，这项开发将对他们有利。


skepticism | 怀疑论,怀疑主义

n. [U] 势力；影响力:
n. [U, usually sing.] [非正式]（用手或硬物的）击，打:
vt. [非正式]（尤指用手）猛击某人:
clout |[klaʊt]
a politician with enormous clout 有巨大影响力的从政者 
economic, financial, marketing（尤美）, political clout 经济势力；财政势力；营销势力；政治势力 
the growing political clout of the army 军队日益增长的政治影响力 
He has a lot of clout within the party. 他在党内有很大影响力。
The companies used their clout to influence policy. 公司运用自身的影响力来左右政策。
This movie is an opportunity to increase his clout in Hollywood. 这部电影是提升他在好莱坞影响力的一个机会。
Mr Sutherland may have the clout needed to push the two trading giants into a deal. 萨瑟兰先生也许有能力促使两大贸易巨头达成协议。
The two firms wield enormous clout in financial markets. 两家公司在金融市场有非常大的影响力。
I knew his opinion carried a lot of clout with them. 我知道他的观点对他们很有影响力。
Rachel clouted him. 雷切尔揍了他一下。
The officer clouted her on the head. 警察打了她的头。

adv. 重复多次地:
repeatedly |[rɪˈpi:tɪd]
Both men have repeatedly denied the allegations. 两个人都一再否认指控。
The rebel soldiers tried repeatedly to storm the building. 叛军屡次尝试强攻这座建筑。
The victim had been stabbed repeatedly in the chest. 受害者胸部多处被刺伤。

(in the Bible) a Philistine giant, according to one tradition slain by David (1 Sam. 17), but according to another slain by Elhanan (2 Sam. 21:19).:（在圣经中）一个非利士人的巨人，根据大卫所杀的一个传统（1Sam.17），但根据另一个被Elhanan杀死（2Sam.21
a person or thing of enormous size or strength:巨大或力量巨大的人或物
Goliath |ɡəˈlʌɪəθ| Noun/:歌利亚,巨人
the two unassuming hippies took on a corporate Goliath:这两个不起眼的嬉皮士扮演了一个企业巨人

in most cases; usually:在大多数情况下；通常
in general terms; without regard to particulars or exceptions:一般情况下；不考虑细节或例外
by or to most people; widely:by或大多数人；广泛
generally |ˈdʒɛn(ə)rəli| Adverb/:一般来说,通常,一般
the term of a lease is generally 99 years:租期一般为99年
a decade when France was moving generally to the left:法国总体向左移动的十年
the best scheme is generally reckoned to be the Canadian one:最好的方案一般被认为是加拿大的方案

make (something bad) less severe, serious, or painful:make(somethingbad)不那么严重、严重或痛苦
lessen the gravity of (an offence or mistake):减轻（冒犯或错误）的严重性
mitigate |ˈmɪtɪɡeɪt| Verb/:缓解,减轻
drainage schemes have helped to mitigate this problem:drainage计划有助于缓解这个问题
there had been a provocation that mitigated the offence to a degree:有一次挑衅在一定程度上减轻了罪行

n. 1 [C]（对一个人、一个组织等来说）重要的事:
2 [C, usually sing.] [正式] 某人负责的一件事；或其有权知道的一件事:
vt. 1 常用被动式，影响某人、涉及或牵涉某人。是一个常规用词:
2 也可用be concerned with sth 关于…，与…有关，涉及:
n. [U] 保护并帮助某人或某事物的一种愿望，可称为关爱或关心:
vt. concern yourself with/about sth对某事物感兴趣:
vt. 让某人担忧:
concern (that ...) 担忧，担心，忧虑（尤指很多人共同的忧虑）:
n. [C, usually sing.] [正式] 某人负责的一件事:
n. [C] 一家公司或企业，相当于firm，但不常用:
vt. [正式] be concerned to do sth认为（去做某事）重要:
concern |[kən'sə:n]
the government’s primary concern 政府的头等大事 
a common concern for new parents 初为人父母者共同关心的事 
I have other, more pressing concerns. 我还有其他更要紧的事。
environmental, privacy, safety, security concern 涉及环境的事情；关系隐私的事；安全问题 
Practical necessity overrides any other concerns. 实际需要压倒一切。
This matter is their concern. 这件事由他们负责。
How much money I make is none of your concern. 我赚多少钱没有必要告诉你。
Don’t interfere in what doesn’t concern you. 不要管与自己无关的事。
Where our children’s education is concerned, no compromise is acceptable. 在事关我们的孩子的教育问题上，那是毫无妥协余地的。
Everyone who was directly concerned in the incident has now resigned. 所有与该事件有直接牵连的人现在均已辞职。
The story concerns the prince’s efforts to rescue Pamina. 这故事讲的是王子奋力解救帕米娜。
The book is primarily concerned with Soviet-American relations during the Cold War. 这部书主要讲的是冷战时期的苏美关系。
This chapter concerns itself with the historical background. 本章旨在讲述历史背景。
One major difference between these computers concerns the way in which they store information. 这些计算机之间的一个主要差异就是其储存信息的方式。
parents’ concern for their children 父母对子女的关爱
He didn’t concern himself with the details. 他对细节不感兴趣。
What concerns me is our lack of preparation for the change. 让我担心的是我们对事态的变化缺乏准备。
It really concerns me that he doesn’t eat properly. 他不好好吃饭，确实令我担心。
There is growing concern about violence on television. 人们对电视上充斥暴力内容的忧虑日益加重。
There is concern for her safety. 大家担心她的安全。
The report expressed concern over continuing high unemployment. 报告表达了对失业率居高不下的忧虑。
This matter is their concern. 这件事由他们负责。
a major publishing concern 一家大型出版公司
She was concerned to write about situations that everybody could identify with. 她认为有必要写出让大家都能看得清楚的事态的本来面目。
