The Guardian				卫报
severe					严重的，严肃的
fall					落下，发生，失守
charity				慈善机构，慈爱
overall				总体的
trend					趋势，倾向
illumination				照明
consequence				结果，重要性
disorientate				使迷失方向
migrate				移居，迁徙
distress				痛苦，危难
succumb				屈服，被压垮
skyscraper				摩天大楼
deracinate				迫使离开
vivid					鲜艳的，清晰的，生动的
relationship				联系，关系
ancient				古代的，年老的
astronomy				天文学
inextricably				解不开的，分不开的
divination				占卜
establishment				创立，编制
calendar				历法，日历
navigation				导航，航行
a range of				一大片，一排
prodigious				庞大的，惊人的
pacific				平静的，太平洋
wealth					钱财，资源
victim-blaming			指责受害者
constellation				星座，一群
awe					敬畏
instinctively				本能的
presence				在场，风度
magnificent				壮丽的，极好的
mere					仅仅的，最少的
humdrum				乏味的，单调
desperately				绝望的，极其
\\\\\\\\

adj. 1 severe (on/with sb)（惩罚或批评）严厉的，重的:
2 不和善或缺乏同情心的，对…持否定态度的，即严厉的，严苛的:
adj. [贬]（风格、外貌或衣着）极其简朴的，无任何装饰的:
adj. 1 极为恶劣的，十分严重的。严重的程度较深:
2 极其困难的，需要很强技能或能力的:
severe |[sɪ'vɪə]
a severe sentence 重判 
a severe punishment 重罚 
The courts are becoming more severe on young offenders. 法庭对青少年犯罪者的处罚日趋严厉。
a severe expression 严厉的表情 
She was a severe woman who seldom smiled. 她是个严肃的女人，脸上很少出现笑容。
Her hair was short and severe. 她的头发不长，也没有花样。
The furniture is a little too severe for my taste. 这件家具有点过于简朴，我不太喜欢。 
severe weather conditions 恶劣的天气状况 
severe cash flow problems 严重的现金流问题 
a severe winter 严冬 
to suffer severe losses 遭受严重损失 
His injuries are severe. 他的伤势很重。
Shortages of professional staff are very severe. 专业人员短缺问题十分严重。
an exceptionally severe frost 特别严重的霜冻 
to be a severe test of stamina 对耐力的严峻考验

n. [sing.]（人、组织等由于做错了某事而导致的）威信的丧失；不再受别人尊敬:
vt.＆vi.（数量、数字、强度等）减少，下降:
n. [C] fall (in sth)（尺寸、数字、比率、水平等的）减少或降低:
n. [C] [美] 秋天，相当于autumn:
n. [sing.] fall (of sth)（政权或经济等的）垮台或崩溃；成功的丧失（即崩溃）；战争中（城市、国家等）的失守、沦陷或灭亡:
vi. 被打败；沦陷；失守；（政权等）垮台:
vi.（目光）突然注意到…:
vi.（常由于非常疲倦而）急匆匆或随意地一头倒下:
vi.（光线或影子）落在…上:
vt.＆vi. 进入（某种状态）；开始变成（某事物）:
vi. 属于（某个等级、类别、群体或责任范围）:
vi. 1 [文学] fall (on sb/sth)（快速且突然地）来到或出现:
2（某个庆典或特殊事件）发生在某一天或某个日期，即适逢（某日）:
3（夜幕或黑暗）降临:
vi. [文学]（在战斗中）阵亡；被击毙:
n. [pl.] falls 可尤用于名称，指瀑布，相当于waterfall:
vi. fall (away/off) 向下倾斜:
vi. 1（从高处）落下；掉落:
2 突然倒下（如跌倒；倒塌）:
n. 1 [C] 落下；下落；跌落；掉落:
2 [sing.] fall of sth 下落的方式；或发生的方式:
vi.（毛发或材料）下垂:
n. [sing.] 下垂:
n. [sing.] the fall 在《圣经》中可指人类的堕落（即亚当和夏娃违背上帝意旨而被迫离开伊甸园）:
vi.（雨或雪）降落。其本身并不表示“下雨”，只有放在表示“雨”或“雪”的词后面，才能共同表示“下雨”或“下雪”:
n. [C] fall (of sth)（雪、岩石等的）降落的数量:
vi.（重音）落在（某个音节上）:
fall |[fɔ:l]
the TV preacher’s spectacular fall from grace 电视布道者威信的遽降
Their profits have fallen by 30 per cent. 他们的利润减少了30%。
Prices continued to fall on the stock market today. 今天股票市场价格继续下跌。
The temperature fell sharply in the night. 夜间温度陡降。
falling birth rates 下降的出生率 
Her voice fell to a whisper. 她的声音变小，成了耳语。
a steep fall in profits 利润的骤降 
a big fall in unemployment 失业人数的大大减少 
There was a sharp fall in the value of the dollar. 美元的价值有大幅下降。
a big fall in house prices 房价的大幅下降 
The opinion polls show a significant fall in her popularity. 民意调查显示她的支持率明显降低。
This figure represents a fall of 21% on the same period last year. 这一数字表明与去年同期相比下降了21%。
in the fall of 2019 在2019年的秋天 
early fall 初秋 
fall equinox 秋分
the fall of the Roman Empire 罗马帝国的灭亡 
the rise and fall of British industry 英国工业的兴衰 
the fall of Berlin 柏林的沦陷 
the fall of the dictator 独裁者的垮台
The coup failed but the government fell shortly afterwards. 政变虽然流产，但是不久以后政府便垮台了。
Troy finally fell to the Greeks. 特洛伊城最终落入希腊人之手。
My eye fell on a curious object. 我突然看到一个奇怪的东西。
His eye fell upon a note in Grace’s handwriting. 他突然注意到一张有格雷斯笔迹的便条。
Totally exhausted, he fell into bed. 他疲惫极了，一头倒在了床上。
the shadow that suddenly fell across the doorway 突然落在门道上的影子 
A shadow fell across her face. 一片阴影掠过她的脸庞。
He had fallen asleep on the sofa. 他在沙发上睡着了。
The book fell open at a page of illustrations. 书翻开在有插图的那一页。
The room had fallen silent. 整个房间都变得静悄悄的。
She fell ill. 她病倒了。
to fall into conversation with sb 与某人攀谈起来 
The house had fallen into disrepair. 这栋房子已年久失修。
to fall prey to his charm 被他迷住 
to fall in love this place 爱上这个地方 
They fall victim to exploitation. 他们成为了剥削的牺牲品。
Out of over 400 staff there are just 7 that fall into this category. 400多个职员中只有7人属于这一类。
The problems generally fall into two categories. 这些问题一般属于两种类别。
This falls under the heading of scientific research. 这一项属于科研类目。
That topic falls outside the scope of this thesis. 那个论题偏离了这篇论文论述的范围。
This case falls outside my jurisdiction. 这个案件不属于我的管辖范围。
A sudden silence fell. 突然一片鸦雀无声。
My birthday falls on a Monday this year. 今年我的生日适逢星期一。
As darkness fell outside, they sat down to eat at long tables. 当外面黑暗降临时，他们坐在长条桌子旁吃饭。
a memorial to those who fell in the two world wars 两次世界大战阵亡将士纪念碑
The falls upstream are full of salmon. 上游瀑布一带盛产鲑鱼。
Niagara Falls 尼亚加拉瀑布
The land falls away sharply towards the river. 地势向河边陡然倾斜。
The book had fallen onto the floor. 那本书掉到了地上。
A kid fell into the river. 一个小孩掉进了河里。
The handle had fallen off the drawer. 抽屉的拉手掉了。
falling leaves 正在飘落的叶子 
He fell from the fourth floor. 他从四层楼上摔了下来。
Bombs fell in the town. 炸弹落在了镇子里。
Tears fell freely from her eyes. 她任由泪水夺眶而出。
She slipped on the ice and fell. 她在冰上滑了一跤。
I fell over and cut my knee. 我摔倒了，划破了膝盖。
He stumbled and almost fell. 他绊了一下，几乎摔倒。
to fall forward 向前跌倒 
The house was about to fall down. 这座房子摇摇欲坠。
She was killed in a fall from a horse. 她从马背上掉下来摔死了。
Luckily a bush broke his fall. 幸运的是，他掉落时有灌木挡了一下。
He was hurt in a fall at his home yesterday. 昨天他在家摔了一跤，受伤了。
the fall of the dice 骰子的掷出
Her hair fell over her shoulders in a mass of curls. 她的鬈发披肩。
the dark fall of her hair 她那垂泻的黑发
The rain was falling steadily. 雨不停地下着。
the snow falling on the fields 落在田野中的雪 
a heavy fall of snow 一场大雪 
a rock fall 岩崩 
a light fall of volcanic ash 落下的一层薄薄的火山灰
Which syllable does the stress fall on? 重音在哪个音节？

n. 1 [C] 慈善机构、慈善组织:
2 [U] 慈善事业:
3 [U] 慈善、赈济；赈济金、施舍物:
4 [U] [正式]（尤指对别人进行评判时，对其表现出的）慈善、同情或宽容:
charity |[ˈtʃærəti]
Many charities sent money to help the victims of the famine. 许多慈善机构捐款赈济饥民。
The concert will raise money for local charities. 这场音乐会将为当地慈善机构募捐。
The National Trust is a registered charity. 全国托管协会是个已注册的慈善机构。
an Aids charity 艾滋病慈善组织 
a charity for sick children 服务患病儿童的慈善机构 
cancer, conservation, educational, medical charity 癌症慈善机构；自然资源保护慈善机构；教育慈善机构；医疗慈善机构 
Christian, religious charity 基督教慈善团体 
She runs a charity for homeless young people. 她经营着一家救助无家可归的年轻人的慈善机构。
All the proceeds from the sale will go to charity. 义卖所得将全部捐给慈善机构。
He made substantial donations to charity. 他为慈善事业捐了很多钱。
Gooch will be raising money for charity. 古奇将进行慈善募捐。
Most of the runners in the London Marathon are raising money for charity. 大多数人参加伦敦马拉松赛跑是为慈善事业募集资金。
Do you give much to charity? 慈善捐助你捐得多吗？
charity auction, charity ball, charity benefit, charity concert, charity dinner, charity event, charity function, charity fund-raiser, charity game（美）, charity match, charity show 慈善拍卖；慈善舞会；慈善义演；慈善音乐会；慈善晚宴；慈善活动；慈善宴会；慈善募捐会；慈善比赛；慈善演出 
charity school（尤英）慈善学校 
charity shop（英）慈善商店 
charity work 慈善工作 
charity worker 慈善工作人员 
an act of charity善举 
to live on/off charity (= to live on money which other people give you because you are poor) 靠赈济生活 
My mum was very proud. She wouldn't accept charity. 母亲自尊心很强，不会接受施舍。
Her husband is unemployed and the family depends on charity. 她丈夫失业了，全家人靠救济金过日子。
Her article showed no charity towards her former friends. 她的文章对她以前的朋友毫不宽容。

taking everything into account:考虑到一切
taken as a whole; in all:综合考虑；在所有
a loose-fitting coat or one-piece garment worn over ordinary clothes for protection against dirt or heavy wear:一件宽松的外套或一件式的衣服，穿在普通衣服上，以防止脏污或重度磨损
close-fitting trousers formerly worn as part of an army uniform, now only on ceremonial or formal occasions.:close-fit裤子以前作为军装的一部分穿着，现在只在仪式或正式场合穿着。
dungarees.:工装裤。
overall |ˈəʊvərɔːl| Adjective/Adverb/Noun/:总体,全面的,总计,工装连衣裤,整体
the governors and head have overall responsibility for managing the school:校长和校长全面负责管理学校
overall, 10,000 jobs will go:整体，10,000个工作岗位将消失
men in grubby blue overalls:men穿着肮脏的蓝色工作服

n. [C] 时尚；风尚:
n. [C] 衣着时尚；风尚:
n. [C] trend (towards/in sth) 情况所改变或发展的一个大致方向，即趋势；动态；动向:
trend |[trend]
The latest trend is gardening. 最新的时尚是园艺。
fashion trends 时尚风潮 
A trend for nostalgia has emerged. 出现了一股怀旧的风潮。
Linen is on trend again this summer. 亚麻衣料今年夏天再次流行。
economic, social, political trend 经济趋势；社会趋势；政治趋势 
current trends in language teaching 当前语言教学的趋势 
fashion trend 时尚潮流 
cultural trend 文化的趋势 
evolutionary, historical trend 演变的趋势；历史的趋势 
market trend 市场趋势 
a worrying trend 令人担忧的趋势

n. [U] [正式] 对某事的解释、阐明，尤指宗教或精神上的启发、觉悟:
n. 1 [U, C] 光源:
2 [pl.] [英] illuminations可指（特殊场合用于装饰城镇或街道的）彩灯、灯饰:
n. [C, usually pl.]（旧时书上通常用手工绘制的）彩饰，彩图:
illumination |[ɪˌlu:mɪˈneɪʃn]
spiritual illumination 精神上的启发 
a sense of illumination 顿悟 
No further illumination can be had from this theory. 这一理论不能给人以更深刻的启迪。
The only illumination in the room came from the fire. 屋子里唯一的光亮来自炉火。
The only (source of) illumination came from a small window high in the opposite wall. 唯一的亮光来自对面墙上高处的一扇小窗子。
Most of the illumination came from candles. 光亮大多来自蜡烛。
Imaginative stage lighting provided dim illumination. 富有想象力的舞台灯光打出微弱朦胧的光。
the artificial illumination of the studio 工作室的人工照明 
The skylights are designed to optimize natural illumination. 设计天窗的目的在于优化自然照明。
lights providing a good level of illumination 提供较高照明度的灯具 
The skylight will provide good illumination from above. 天窗会从顶部提供充足的光照。
Christmas illuminations 圣诞节的彩灯 
the famous Blackpool illuminations 著名的布莱克浦彩灯节

n. [C] consequence (for sb/sth) 已发生之事件的结果。虽然是一个中性词，但常表示不好的结果:
n. [U] [正式] 重要性:
consequence |['kɒnsɪkwəns]
This decision could have serious consequences for the industry. 这项决定可能对该行业造成严重后果。
He drove too fast with tragic consequences. 他开车太快，结果酿成惨剧。
beneficial, good, positive consequence 有益的结果；有利的结果；积极的结果 
economic, emotional, environmental, health, political, social consequence 经济影响；情绪上的影响；环境影响；对健康的影响；政治影响；社会影响 
You must accept the full consequences of your actions. 你必须承担你的行为所造成的全部后果。
It’s of no consequence. 别担心，这无关紧要。
Matters of justice are of great consequence. 司法问题举足轻重。
I’d never done anything of consequence in my life. 我一生中从未干过什么大事。
Tom’s first feature film of any consequence 汤姆第一部有分量的故事片 
The majority of these losses are of little consequence. 这些损失大部分并不严重。

cause (someone) to lose their sense of direction:cause(someone)失去方向感
make (someone) feel confused:make（某人）感到困惑
disorientate |dɪsˈɔːrɪɛnteɪt| Verb/:迷失方向,迷茫
the fog disorientated me:雾使我迷失方向
an ambitious novel that challenges and disorientates the reader:一部雄心勃勃的小说，挑战和迷惑读者

vi. [术语] 从一地移动到另一地:
vi.（很多人）移居、迁移（尤指到外地找工作或暂住一段时间）:
vi.（鸟、动物等）随季节变化而迁徙:
vt.&vi. [计算机]（使）迁移（到另一计算机系统）:
vt. [计算机] 将（程序或硬件）迁移，转移（到另一系统）:
migrate |[maɪˈgreɪt;美ˈmaɪgreɪt]
The infected cells then migrate to other areas of the body. 受感染的细胞接着转移到身体的其他部位。
Thousands were forced to migrate from rural to urban areas in search of work. 成千上万的人为了寻找工作被迫从农村涌进城市。
People migrate to cities like Jakarta in search of work. 人们为找工作而迁移到雅加达这类城市里。
Farmers have learned that they have to migrate if they want to survive. 农民们已经认识到，想要生存就必须外出打工。
Swallows migrate south in winter. 燕子在冬天迁徙到南方。
birds migrating from Europe to Africa 从欧洲迁徙到非洲的鸟 
Most birds have to fly long distances to migrate. 绝大多数鸟类为了迁徙都不得不进行长距离的飞行。
a dam system that kills the fish as they migrate from streams to the ocean 导致鱼类在从溪流向海洋迁徙途中死亡的水坝体系

n. [U]（船、飞机等）遇险、遇难:
n. [U] 深深的悲伤:
vt. 使某人悲伤:
vt. 使某人忧虑、忧伤:
n. [U] 深深的忧虑:
n. [U] 巨大的痛苦:
vt. 使某人痛苦:
n. [U] 巨大的痛苦:
n. [U]（因没有足够的金钱、食物等所引起的）贫困、困苦:
distress |[dɪˈstres]
a distress signal (= a message asking for help) 求救信号 
The sinking ship sent out a distress call. 下沉的船只发出遇险信号。
It is a rule of the sea to help another boat in distress. 救助别的遇难船是海上的规则。
He expressed concern that the ship might be in distress. 他担心船可能会遇险。
The constable received a distress call, and saw two youths attacking his colleague. 这名警察收到了求救呼叫，看见两个年轻人正在殴打他的同事。
medieval ballads about a knight saving a damsel in distress 关于骑士搭救落难女子的中世纪民谣 
The child was clearly in distress. 孩子显然处于危险之中。
She seemed calm and showed no signs of distress. 她似乎很平静，看不出任何悲痛的迹象。
He tried to conceal his distress, but the tremor in his voice was unmistakable. 他尽力掩饰自己的悲痛，但是颤抖的声音却无疑表明了一切。
Hall expressed his distress at the court's failure to uphold his rights. 霍尔对法庭没能维护他的权利表达了悲哀。
her obvious distress at hearing such bad news 听到这么坏的消息时她脸上明显的悲痛 
The president issued a statement expressing her distress over the affair. 总统发表声明表达她对这件事的悲痛。
Her mouth grew stiff with pain and distress. 疼痛和悲伤让她嘴巴发僵。           
It was clear that the letter had deeply distressed her. 这封信显然使她极为悲伤。
Don't distress yourself (= don't worry). 你别犯愁了。
The idea of Toni being in danger distresses him enormously. 想到托尼正处于危险中，他心急如焚。
I did not want to frighten or distress the horse. 我并不想吓到马或惹怒它。          
the personal distress associated with unemployment 失业引致的个人愁苦 
the distress that she felt when her parents argued 她父母争吵时她感到的苦恼 
He dropped out of college, to his family's distress. 他退学了，这让他的家人很苦恼。
Getting old is a source of distress to men and women. 不管是男人还是女人，变老同样都是造成其苦恼的一个原因。
Jealousy causes distress and painful emotions. 嫉妒会带来忧虑和痛苦。
emotional, mental, moral, personal, psychological distress 感情上的痛苦；精神痛苦；道德上的痛苦；个人的忧伤；心理上的痛苦 
the physical distress of hunger 饥饿之苦 
the personal distress associated with unemployment 失业引致的个人愁苦 
the distress that she felt when her parents argued 她父母争吵时她感到的苦恼 
She saw the distress in Christy's eyes. 她从克里斯蒂的眼中看到了痛苦。
Sensing her distress, Luke walked over and patted her shoulder. 卢克感到她在痛苦之中，于是走过去拍了拍她的肩膀。
He dropped out of college, to his family's distress. 他退学了，这让他的家人很苦恼。
Getting old is a source of distress to men and women. 不管是男人还是女人，变老同样都是造成其苦恼的一个原因。
The newspaper article caused the actor considerable distress. 报上的文章给这位演员带来极大的痛苦。
physical distress 皮肉之苦 
the physical distress of hunger 饥饿之苦 
The animals suffer great pain and distress when hunted. 动物被猎捕时会遭受巨大的痛苦。
economic, financial distress 经济困境；财务困境 
The causes of social distress include inadequate housing. 造成社会困境的原因包括住房不足。
marital, relationship distress（均美）婚姻困境；情感困境 
an unhappy young couple in acute relationship distress 一对处于严重情感困境的不快乐的年轻夫妇

vi. ~ (to sth) 抵挡不住（攻击、疾病、诱惑等），如屈服、屈从:
vi. ~ (to sth) 死于疾病:
vi. ~ (to sth) 感染疾病:
succumb |[səˈkʌm]
The town succumbed after a short siege. 该城被围困不久即告失守。
He finally succumbed to Lucy's charms and agreed to her request. 他最终为露西的魅力所倾倒，答应了她的请求。
Don't succumb to the temptation to have just one cigarette. 不要经不住诱惑，只抽一支烟也不行。
The Minister said his country would never succumb to pressure. 首相说他的国家永远都不会屈服于压迫。
I was determined not to succumb to the virus. 我坚决不向病毒屈服。
people who succumb easily to exploitation 容易被利用的人
His career was cut short when he succumbed to cancer. 他的事业随着他死于癌症而中断。
A few years later, Katya succumbed to cancer in London. 几年后，卡佳因患癌症在伦敦病逝。
Malnourished children are more likely to succumb to infections. 营养不良的儿童更有可能死于感染。

n. [C] 摩天楼:
skyscraper |['skaɪskreɪpə]
the world’s tallest skyscraper 世界最高的摩天楼 
80-storey (or story) skyscraper 80层的摩天楼 
glass skyscraper 玻璃幕墙摩天楼 
forest of skyscrapers 林立的摩天楼群 

uproot (someone) from their natural geographical, social, or cultural environment:uproot（某人）来自他们的自然地理、社会或文化环境
deracinate |dɪˈrasɪneɪt| Verb/:连根拔起,连根拔起的
a predatory mining company that threatens to devour the land and deracinate the locals:一家威胁要吞噬土地并消灭当地人的掠夺性矿业公司

adj.（光）非常明亮的。不太常用:
adj.（颜色）非常明亮的:
adj. 1（记忆、描述等）在头脑里产生非常清晰的图片的，即生动的，逼真的，相当于graphic:
2（人的想象）能够在头脑中对观念、情况等轻易地形成图片的:
vivid |['vɪvɪd]
vivid blue eyes 碧蓝的眼睛
vivid memories 清晰的记忆 
a vivid account of his life 对他生活的生动描述 
a vivid imagination 生动逼真的想象 
to be vivid in sb’s mind 在某人脑海中栩栩如生 

relationship (with sb) 两个人（或团体、国家）之间的关系（是双方之间的一种互动方式或处理与对方有关的事务的方式）:
relationship (to sth) 两个或多个事物之间的联系方式，如关系、联系、关联:
n. [C, U] relationship (between A and B) 一个家族之间的两人之间的关系，如血缘关系、姻亲关系:
relationship (with sb) 两人之间的爱情关系或性关系。不强调婚否，可多用于指正常的爱情关系。较为常用:
relationship |[rɪ'leɪʃnʃɪp]
a master-servant relationship 主仆关系 
Britain’s special relationship with the US 英美两国的特殊关系 
loving relationship 爱的关系 
family, interpersonal relationship 家庭关系；人际关系 
parent-child, father-son relationship 亲子关系；父子关系 
business, contractual, social, working relationship 业务关系；契约关系；社会关系；工作关系 
a network of relationships, a web of relationships 关系网 
the relationship between the police and the local community 警察和当地社区之间的关系 
She has a very close relationship with her sister. 她和她妹妹非常亲密。
a close relationship between increased money supply and inflation 货币供应的增加与通货膨胀之间的密切关联 
the inverse relationship between gas consumption and air temperature 汽油消耗量与气温的反向关系 
the relationship between spatial awareness and mathematical ability 空间想象能力与数学学习能力之间的关系 
positive, negative relationship 正相关；负相关 
causal, dynamic, reciprocal, symbiotic relationship 因果关系；动态的关系；互惠的关系；共生关系 
linear, spatial relationship 线性关系；空间关系 
economic, legal relationship 经济联系；法律关系
a father-son relationship 父子关系 
blood, family, kinship relationship 血缘关系；家庭关系；亲属关系 
to have a distant relationship with royalty 与王室有远亲关系 
‘What’s the relationship between you and Tony?’ ‘He’s my cousin.’ “你和托尼是什么关系？”“他是我堂兄。”
What relationship are you to Pat? 你是帕特的什么人？
marital, physical, romantic, sexual relationship 婚姻关系；肉体关系；恋爱关系；性关系 
platonic relationship 柏拉图式的关系 
homosexual relationship 同性恋关系 
Are you in a relationship? 你在恋爱吗？

adj. 1 属于过去数千年历史时期的，即古代的，反义词为modern:
2 古老的，很老的，已存在很长一段时间的:
n. [pl.] the ancients 可指生活在古代的人（尤指古代的埃及人、古希腊人、古罗马人或古希伯来人）:
ancient |['eɪnʃənt]
ancient history, ancient civilization 古代史；古代文明 
ancient Greece 古希腊 
an ancient oak tree 古橡树 
ancient monuments 古迹 
ancient Jewish tradition 古老的犹太传统 
He’s ancient--he must be at least fifty!（幽默用法）他太老了——肯定至少有五十岁！

n. [U] 天文学:
astronomy |[ə'strɒnəmɪ]


in a way that is impossible to disentangle or separate:以一种无法解开或分离的方式
inextricably |ɪnɪkˈstrɪkəbli| Adverb/:,不可分割地
for many top executives, golf and business are inextricably linked:对于很多高管来说，高尔夫和商业是密不可分的

the practice of seeking knowledge of the future or the unknown by supernatural means:以超自然的方式寻求未来或未知的知识的实践
divination |ˌdɪvɪˈneɪʃ(ə)n| Noun/:占卜,算命
the Celtic art of divination:凯尔特人的占卜艺术

n. [C] [正式] 组织机构；大型机构；商业机构；旅馆:
n. [sing.]（通常用the Establishment）[常贬] 一个社会或专业领域中有影响力和权力的一些人，这些人通常反对变革，可称为“当权派”:
n. [U]（组织机构、国家、关系、市场、体系、节日等的）建立、创立、设立:
n. [sing.]（通常用the Establishment）[常贬] 一个社会或专业领域中有影响力和权力的一些人，这些人通常反对变革，可称为“当权派”:
establishment |[ɪˈstæblɪʃmənt]
educational, research, training establishment 教育机构；研究机构；培训机构 
a scientific research establishment 科研机构 
military, religious establishment 军事机构；宗教机构 
catering, drinking, eating establishment 餐饮机构；饮品店；餐馆 
licensed establishment（尤英）特许机构 
commercial, retail establishment（均尤美）商业机构；零售机构 
shops and other commercial establishments 商店和其他商业单位 
The hotel is a comfortable and well-run establishment. 这家旅馆环境舒适且经营良好。
the mainstream political establishment 政治领域的主流当权派 
academic, art, literary, media, medical, military, musical, scientific establishment 学术界的当权派；技术界的实权人士；文学家的当权派；媒体界的实权人士；医学界的当权派；军事界的当权派；音乐节的当权派；科学界的当权派 
clerical, ecclesiastical, religious establishment 教会当权者；宗教当权者 
The British Establishment is very slow to accept change. 英国当权派不轻易接受变革。
Democratic establishment 民主党的当权者 
a pillar of the liberal establishment 自由派大佬 
He challenged the conservative establishment on many things, 他在许多事情上对保守派当权者发起了挑战。
His abstract paintings offended the art establishment. 他的抽象画触怒了艺术界的权威。
young people rebelling against the Establishment 反对当权者的年轻人 
Shopkeepers would once have been pillars of the Tory establishment. 商店店主一度本该成为保守党统治集团的重要支柱。
What do you expect? This is the Establishment we're taking on. 你还期望什么？我们要应对的是“权威”。
The speaker announced the establishment of a new college. 发言人宣布了新学院的成立。
His ideas influenced the establishment of National Portrait Galleries in London and Edinburgh. 他的观念影响了伦敦和爱丁堡两所国家肖像艺术馆的建立。
the establishment of an independent food and drugs agency 建立一个独立的食品和药品机构 
This report led to the establishment of a special committee to investigate the matter. 该报道促使成立了一个特别委员会来调查此事。
We would like to encourage the establishment of new farm businesses. 我们愿意鼓励建立新的农场企业。
the establishment of private television stations 私人电视台的建立 
the formal establishment of the republic in 1948 1948年该共和国的正式建立 
the establishment of diplomatic relations between the countries 国家间外交关系的建立 
With the establishment of major new markets, the economy is thriving. 随着大型新市场的建立，经济越来越兴旺。
The months that followed saw the establishment of a strong military presence in the region. 在后来的几个月中该地区出现了大规模的驻军。
The commission is calling for the establishment of a national holiday. 委员会呼吁设立一个全国性的节日。
academic, art, literary, media, medical, military, musical, scientific establishment 学术界的当权派；技术界的实权人士；文学家的当权派；媒体界的实权人士；医学界的当权派；军事界的当权派；音乐节的当权派；科学界的当权派 
His abstract paintings offended the art establishment. 他的抽象画触怒了艺术界的权威。
What do you expect? This is the Establishment we're taking on. 你还期望什么？我们要应对的是“权威”。

n. 1 [C] 日历；挂历:
2 [usually sing.]（一年之中的）重大事件（或重要日期）一览表:
3 [C] 历法:
n. [C] [美]（记录每天要做的事情的）记事本、日程表:
calendar |[ˈkælɪndə(r)]
There was a calendar on the wall above, with large squares around the dates. 上面的墙上挂着日历,日期上画着大大的方框。
academic calendar 校历 
Mark the renewal date on the calendar so you don't forget. 把续订日期标注在日历上，这样你就不会忘记了。
This is one of the biggest weeks in the racing calendar. 这是全年赛马日程表中最重要的几个星期之一。
It is one of the British sporting calendar's most prestigious events. 这是英国体坛大事表上最负盛名的赛事之一。
The most important event in the year's golfing calendar 本年度高尔夫球赛程表上最重要的一项赛事 
The Christian calendar was originally based on the Julian calendar of the Romans. 公历最初是以罗马人的儒略历为基础制定的。
the Islamic calendar 伊斯兰教历 
Jewish calendar 犹太历 
Gregorian, lunar calendar 阳历；阴历
full calendar 排得很满的日程 
The group has a busy social calendar. 该小组的社交日程表排得满满的。
Franklin joined her and the children whenever his crowded calendar allowed. 只要能从百忙之中抽出空，富兰克林就会陪在妻儿身边。

n. [U]（公务的）执行:
n. [U] 网站的导航:
n. [U]（船只的）航行:
n. [U]（飞行器的）航行:
n. [U] 为交通工具（如船只）导航、领航:
navigation |[ˌnævɪˈgeɪʃn]
an obstruction to navigation（法律，尤英）执行（公务的）障碍
a well laid out design and easy navigation 布局很好的设计和容易操作的网站导航 
Web navigation 网络导航 
Make site navigation easy and intuitive. 使网站导航既简单又直观。
navigation bar, navigation button, navigation menu 网站导航条；网站定位按钮；网站导航菜单 
You can use the navigation bar at the bottom of the pictures to zoom in or out. 你可用图片下方的导航条来放大或缩小图片。
Keep the navigation of your site really simple. 把你的站点导航弄得真正简单些。
navigation through complex documents 在各种复杂的文件中查阅 
A mouse or joystick makes navigation simpler. 鼠标或游戏杆使查阅变得更简单。
the right of navigation through international waters 通过国际水域的航行权 
freedom of navigation through international waters 在国际水域航行的自由 
Pack ice around Iceland was becoming a threat to navigation. 冰岛周围的浮冰群曾一度对船只航行构成威胁。
inland, ocean（尤美）, river, sea（尤英）, underwater navigation 内陆航行；海洋航行；河流航行；海上航行；水下航行 
Rail and inland navigation together account for 30-50% of the total delivered cost. 铁路与内陆运输共占到全部运送成本的30%至50%。
the main navigation channel on the far side of the island 该岛远侧的主航道
accurate navigation 准确的导航 
safe navigation 安全的导航 
air, land, marine, maritime navigation 空中导航；陆地导航；海上导航 
GPS, radio, satellite navigation GPS导航；无线电导航；卫星导航 
Having used GPS navigation, it's hard to go back to using maps. 用过GPS导航，就很难再像原来那样用地图导航了。
a maker of in-car navigation systems 车内导航系统的生产商 
navigation aids, navigation chart, navigation device, navigation equipment, navigation instruments, navigation lights 导航器材；导航图示；导航装置；导航装备；导航仪器；导航灯具 
a GPS navigation device GPS导航装置 
navigation beacons for Allied air-craft 引导盟军飞机的导航灯塔 
small boats equipped with electronic aids to navigation 备有电子导航设备的小船

adj. [正式] [常用于名词前] 非常巨大或有力量，且让人惊叹或仰慕的:
prodigious |[prəˈdɪdʒəs]
prodigious achievement, prodigious memory, prodigious talent 惊人的成就；惊人的记忆力；惊人的才华 
prodigious leap 惊人的跳跃 
her prodigious literary output 她惊人的文学产量 
Laser discs can store prodigious amounts of information. 激光磁盘能够贮存大量信息。
This business generates cash in prodigious amounts. 这种业务收益丰厚。

peaceful in character or intent:和平的性格或意图
relating to the Pacific Ocean:关于太平洋
a steam locomotive of 4-6-2 wheel arrangement.:4-6-2轮布置的蒸汽机车。
pacific |pəˈsɪfɪk| Adjective/Noun/:太平洋,太平洋地区
a pacific gesture:一个和平的姿态
the Pacific War:太平洋战争

n. [C] 单数名词，wealth of sth 指大量，丰富，为正式用法，通常指大量好的东西:
n. [U] 富足或富有的状态，是此义的基本用词:
n. [U] 财富，财产，财物。是此义的基础和常规用词，极为常用:
wealth |[welθ]
a wealth of information 大量的信息 
a great wealth of experience 丰富的经验 
an enormous wealth of beautiful buildings 很多美丽的房子
to create wealth 致富 
Good education often depends on wealth. 良好的教育经常依靠良好的经济条件。
It is a country of fabulous wealth. 这是一个非常富有的国家。
economic, financial, material, mineral, natural wealth 经济财富；金融财富；物质财富；矿产资源；自然资源 
the great oil wealth of the region 该地区丰富的石油资源 
net wealth 净财富 
corporate, national, personal, private wealth 公司财富；国民财富；个人财富；私有财富 
family, inherited wealth 家庭财富；继承的财产 
a redistribution of wealth through taxation 通过税收实现的财富再分配 
a person of wealth and influence 有钱有势的人

 In his view, neither defending the victim nor blaming the victim is very helpful in moving us forward.  在他看来，无论是为受害者辩护或是谴责受害者，都对帮助我们前进毫无裨益。
 The rather depressing upshot of all this is that, as much we may hate the idea of "blaming the victim," people who are on the receiving end of crime often do mark themselves out, if only subliminally.  所有这些的令人相当压抑的结果是，我们可能不喜欢“责备受害人”的想法，但成为犯罪攻击目标的人也经常确实把自己显现出来，即使只是下意识地。
 This contradicts common victim-blaming attitudes that ascribe high levels of home births to “cultural preferences” or “ignorance”.  这一点与通常将在家分娩的高发生率归因于 “文化偏爱”或“无知”的指责态度相左。
victim-blaming || 



n. [C] 星座:
n. [C] [正式] 一群在某方面相似的思想、事物或人:
constellation |[ˌkɒnstəˈleɪʃn;美ˌkɑ:n-]
a planet orbiting a star in the constellation of Cepheus 围绕仙王座中一颗恒星旋转的行星
a constellation of Hollywood talent 一群好莱坞天才 
Most patients have a constellation of diseases, with few clear-cut distinctions between them. 大多数患者的病症都很相似，鲜有明显的区别。
The largest gallery contains at its centre a constellation of photographs called My Wishes. 最大的画廊在中心位置展出了一组名为《我的心愿》的摄影作品。

vt. [正式] [常用被动式] 令某人惊叹:
n. [U] 对某人或某事物的印象非常深刻，如惊叹:
n. [U] 崇敬之中带着一丝恐惧，即敬畏:
vt. [正式] [常用被动式] 令某人敬畏:
awe |[ɔ:]
She seemed awed by the presence of so many famous people. 见到这么多名人出席，似乎令她惊叹不已。
‘It's magnificent,’ she whispered in awe. “真是壮观。”她小声地惊叹道。
She gazed in awe at the great stones. 她惊叹地盯着那些巨石。
I stared at the clouds, in axe of their beauty. 我盯着这些云朵，惊叹于它们的美丽。
Qomolangma has always inspired awe and respect among climbers. 珠穆朗玛峰总是让登山者惊叹、崇敬。
What I mostly felt was awe at her achievement. 我感受最深的是对她成就的赞叹。
awe and respect 敬畏和尊敬 
awe and wonder 敬畏和惊奇 
He speaks of her with awe. 他谈到她时肃然起敬。
His fellow officers regarded him with awe as some sort of genius. 同事们很敬畏他，视他如天才。
Caroline hardly dared talk in Alex's presence, she was so in awe of him. 卡罗琳在亚历克斯面前几乎不敢说话，她对他很是敬畏。
We gazed in axe at the massive building. 我们敬畏地注视着这幅宏伟的大楼。
Most people hold him in some awe. 大多数人对他都有些敬畏。
Qomolangma has always inspired awe and respect among climbers. 珠穆朗玛峰总是让登山者敬畏、崇敬。
They experienced a tremendous sense of awe in the cathedral. 在大教堂里他们感受到了一种深深的敬畏之情。
I am still awed by David's courage. 戴维的勇敢依然让我敬佩。
The crowd listened in awed silence. 充满敬畏的人群安静地聆听。

without conscious thought; by natural instinct:无意识的思考；出于本能
instinctively |ɪnˈstɪŋktɪvli| Adverb/:,出于本能
Elizabeth reacted instinctively in giving him a hug:Elizabeth本能地给了他一个拥抱

n. [U] [褒] 一个人的言谈或举止所表现出来的（给别人留下深刻印象的）气质、仪态、风度:
n. 1 [U]（人、组织机构等在某地的）存在:
2 [U]（事物或物质）存在于某地或某事物中:
3 [C, usually sing.] [文学] 感觉在附近的人（或鬼魂）:
n. [U]（人）出席、在场:
n. [C, usually sing.] [文学] 感觉在附近的鬼魂:
n. [C, usually sing.] [文学] 感觉在附近的人:
n. [sing.] 被派到某地去处理事情的一群人（尤指一群士兵）:
n. [sing.] 被派到某地去处理事情的一群士兵:
n. [sing.] 被派到某地去处理事情的一群警察:
presence |[ˈprezns]
a man of great presence 风度翩翩的男子 
They do not seem to have the vast, authoritative presence of those great men. 他们看起来并没有那些伟人的翩翩风度和威严。
Hendrix's stage presence appealed to thousands of teenage rebels. 亨德里克斯在台上的风采吸引了成千上万的叛逆少年。
She was a formidable presence on the set. 她在赛场上令人生畏。
He was still an intimidating presence. 他的气场仍然令人生畏。
He has a commanding screen presence. 他上镜时霸气十足。
the increased presence of Asian actors in Hollywood 亚洲演员在好装坞的人数有所增加 
The company now has a strong presence in Germany. 该公司目前在德国有很强的势力。
The company plans to expand its presence in emerging markets. 该公司计划扩大其在新兴市场的占有率。
He remained a dominant presence in the art world. 他在艺术界仍占主导地位。
the overwhelming presence of the church in daily lives 教会在日常生活中压倒性的势力 
the pervasive presence of the Web 网络的普遍存在 
He's become a ubiquitous presence on talk shows. 脱口秀节目中已少不了他。
the visible presence of campus security 可以看得到的校园安全措施 
a small business that doesn't have a Web presence 没有网站的小企业 
Establishing a strong presence on the Internet is a top priority. 在互联网上做大做强是当务之急。
Fox's efforts to create a Web presence for the movie 福克斯公司为该电影创建网页的努力 
I could see no signs of human presence. 我看不到人类存在的迹象。
The test can identify the presence of abnormalities in the unborn child. 这项化验能鉴定胎儿是否有不正常现象。
The somewhat acid flavour is caused by the presence of lactic acid. 这种微酸的味道是因为含有乳酸造成的。
the presence of a carcinogen in the water 水中含有的一种致癌物质 
These chemicals could indicate the presence of water on the planet. 这些化学物质可能表明这颗行星上有水。
Tests confirmed the presence of the disease. 检验证实了该疾病的存在。
She felt a presence behind her. 她觉得有什么东西跟在背后。
She felt a presence in the room.她觉得房子里有什么东西存在。
The forest was dark and silent, haunted by shadows and unseen presences. 这个森林黑暗寂静，经常有幽灵和看不见的鬼怪出没。
She started to be affected by the ghostly presence she could feel in the house. 她觉得这座房子里有可怕的鬼怪，开始变得神经紧张。
I felt as though there was some ghostly presence. 我觉得好像有个幽灵在场。
Flame has always symbolized a divine presence. 火焰一直象征着神圣的存在。
She sensed an evil presence, and it was growing stronger. 她感觉到有某种邪恶的东西，而且这种感觉越来越强烈。
Your presence is requested at the meeting.（正式）敬请出席会议。
He hardly seemed to notice my presence. 他似乎没有注意到我在场。
Her Majesty later honoured the Headmaster with her presence at lunch. 随后女王陛下出席了午餐，令校长感到荣幸。
How nice of you to grace us with your presence! 您的大驾光临使我们蓬荜生辉! 
The King requested our presence this morning. 国王要求我们今天上午到场。
Your presence is required two days from now. 要求你两天后到场。
Her presence during the crisis had a calming effect. 危难时她的存在稳定了大家的心情。
Her comforting presence made him feel safe. 她的在场给了他安慰，使他感到很安全。
the physical presence of actors among the audience 亲身出现在观众中的演员 
They argued that his presence in the village could only stir up trouble. 他们认为他在村里出现只会招惹麻烦。
The talks took place in the presence of a diplomatic observer. 会谈是在一位外交观察员在场的情况下进行的。
He acknowledged our presence with a nod of his head. 他点了一下头对我们打招呼。
He should never have made those remarks in your presence. 他怎么都不该当着你的面说那些话。
She certainly made her presence felt in the boardroom. 她确实让自己在董事会上受到了关注。
Rather than politely lobbying politicians, Gay Dignity will be making its presence felt through demonstrations. “同性恋尊严”游行活动不会彬彬有礼地向政客们游说，而会通过示威引起关注。
The mere presence of children in the room is enough to upset him. 只要有孩子在房间里，他就会不高兴。
She felt a presence behind her. 她觉得有什么东西跟在背后。
She felt a presence in the room. 她觉得房子里有什么东西存在。
The forest was dark and silent, haunted by shadows and unseen presences. 这个森林黑暗寂静，经常有幽灵和看不见的鬼怪出没。
She started to be affected by the ghostly presence she could feel in the house. 她觉得这座房子里有可怕的鬼怪，开始变得神经紧张。
I felt as though there was some ghostly presence. 我觉得好像有个幽灵在场。
She sensed an evil presence, and it was growing stronger. 她感觉到有某种邪恶的东西，而且这种感觉越来越强烈。
She felt a presence behind her. 她觉得有什么东西跟在背后。
She felt a presence in the room. 她觉得房子里有什么东西存在。
a permanent American presence overseas 美国在海外的常驻人员 
The army maintains a constant presence in the area. 军队常驻这一地区。
military, naval, police presence 驻军；海军驻军；派驻的警察 
The Philippine government wants the US to maintain a military presence in Southeast Asia. 菲律宾政府希望美国继续在东南亚驻军。
The United States has a substantial military presence in the country. 美国在该国派有大量驻军。
There was a strong police presence throughout the demonstration. 整个示威游行期间都有一大批警察在场。
The march went ahead in spite of the overwhelming police presence. 游行队伍不顾众多警察在场继续前进。
The government is maintaining a heavy police presence in the area. 政府在这地区派驻了大批警察。
a permanent American presence overseas 美国在海外的常驻人员 
The army maintains a constant presence in the area. 军队常驻这一地区。
military, naval presence 驻军；海军驻军 
The Philippine government wants the US to maintain a military presence in Southeast Asia. 菲律宾政府希望美国继续在东南亚驻军。
The United States has a substantial military presence in the country. 美国在该国派有大量驻军。
police presence 派驻的警察 
There was a strong police presence throughout the demonstration. 整个示威游行期间都有一大批警察在场。
The march went ahead in spite of the overwhelming police presence. 游行队伍不顾众多警察在场继续前进。
The government is maintaining a heavy police presence in the area. 政府在这地区派驻了大批警察。

adj. 极其吸引人的且令人印象深刻的，如壮丽的、宏伟的、值得赞扬的:
adj. 数量或数额极大的:
adj. 极其吸引人的且令人印象深刻的，如壮丽的、宏伟的、值得赞扬的:
magnificent |[mægˈnɪfɪsnt]
The Taj Mahal is a magnificent building. 泰姬陵是一座宏伟的建筑。
a magnificent country house in wooded grounds. 绿树掩映中的一幢乡间豪宅 
magnificent views over the San Fernando Valley 圣费尔南多河谷的壮丽美景 
magnificent waterfall 壮观的瀑布 
magnificent flying display 壮观的飞行表演 
She looked magnificent in her wedding dress. 她穿着婚纱，看上去漂亮极了。
magnificent poem 壮美的诗歌 
magnificent sum 极大的数额 
magnificent physique 强壮的体格 
magnificent creature 庞大的动物 
magnificent task 宏大的任务 
You've all done a magnificent job. 你们活儿干得都很出色。
magnificent sum 极大的数额
magnificent sum 极大的数额 
magnificent physique 强壮的体格 
magnificent creature 庞大的动物 
magnificent task 宏大的任务 
You've all done a magnificent job. 你们活儿干得都很出色。

used to emphasize how small or insignificant someone or something is:用于强调某人或某物的渺小或微不足道
used to emphasize that the fact of something being present in a situation is enough to influence that situation:用于强调某种情况存在于某种情况的事实足以影响该情况
a lake or pond:一个湖泊或池塘
a Maori war club, especially one made of greenstone.:毛利人战争俱乐部，尤其是绿石制的。
mere |mɪə| Adjective/Noun/:仅仅是,单纯的
questions that cannot be answered by mere mortals:凡人无法回答的问题
his stomach rebelled at the mere thought of food:他的胃一想到食物就反抗
the stream widens into a mere where hundreds of geese gather:溪流扩大到数百只鹅聚集的地方

lacking excitement or variety; boringly monotonous:缺乏兴奋或多样性；单调乏味
monotonous routine:单调的套路
humdrum |ˈhʌmdrʌm| Adjective/Noun/:单调,单调乏味的
humdrum routine work:单调乏味的日常工作
an escape from the humdrum of his life:从他的单调生活中逃脱

in a way that shows despair:以一种显示绝望的方式
used to emphasize the extreme degree of something:用于强调某事的极端程度
desperately |ˈdɛsp(ə)rətli| Adverb/:拼命地,绝望地
he looked around desperately:他拼命环顾四周
he desperately needed a drink:他迫切需要喝一杯
