bet				赌
timetable			时间表
normality			正常状态
prime time			黄金时间
direct				直接的，指示
state				状况，说明
eligible			有资格的，合意的
vaccination			接种
turn out			结果是，出现
accordingly			因此，相应的
shot up				喷出
inch				少许，缓慢移动
indication			迹象
expectation			预料，希望
spike				尖，尖峰
significant			重要的，有意义的
vaccine				疫苗
roll-out			首次发布
hesitant			犹豫的
uptick				小幅增加
nationally			全国性的
as of				在...时
airfare				飞机票价
route				路途
sort				种类，某种，分类
constraint			限制，强迫
drive up			提高
particularly			专门，特别
burn				烧毁
make up				组成，补偿
premium				附加费，优质的
chief				领袖，首要的
economist			经济学家
massive				大的，严重的
leisure				空闲
\\\\\\\\

vt.&vi. be ~ing 希望；期待（某事发生）:
vt. [非正式] 用于表明非常确定某事是真的，或某事很可能发生，如敢说，八成儿:
n. [C] [非正式] 预计、估计（某事发生，或将要发生）:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (on/against sth)（通过预测赛事的结果来）赌钱、打赌、下赌注:
n. [C]（通过预测赛事的结果进行的）打赌:
n. [C] 也可指作为赌注的金钱:
bet |[bet][bet]
The party is betting that the presidential race will turn into a battle for younger voters. 该党期待这次总统竞选变成一场争取年轻一代选民的斗争。
People were betting on a further easing of credit conditions. 人们期待着贷款条件进一步放宽。
I bet (that) we're too late. 我们八成儿太晚了。
You can bet (that) the moment I sit down, the phone will ring. 几乎可以肯定，我一坐下，电话铃就会响起来。
I'll bet you (that) he knows all about it. 我敢说他了解一切。
I bet you were good at games when you were at school. 我敢说你上学时体育很棒。
I bet you anything you like he's a pimp. 我敢打包票，他是个皮条客。
My bet is that they've been held up in traffic. 我估计他们是堵车了。
My bet is that Canada will win. 我敢说加拿大队会赢。
You have to be over 16 to bet. 赌博者年龄不得低于16岁。
He bet $2 000 on the final score of the game. 他下2 000元赌比赛的最后比分。
She bet me £20 that I wouldn't do it. 她和我打20英镑的赌，说我不会那么做。
Jockeys are forbidden to bet on the outcome of races. 职业赛马骑师禁止对赛马结果下注。
I bet £10 on a horse called Premonition. 我在一匹名叫“预兆”的赛马上下了10英镑的赌注。
to win a bet, to lose a bet 赢一场赌；输一场赌 
good, safe, sure bet 胜算很大的赌；稳赢的赌 
fair bet 公平的赌 
bad bet 胜算不大的赌 
risky bet 冒险的赌 
outside bet（= with a very small chance of winning）几无胜算的打赌 
stupid bet 愚蠢的赌 
big, huge, large bet 大赌 
small bet 小赌  
We are now taking bets on the election result. 我们正在就选举结果打赌。
I made a bet with a friend. 我跟朋友打了个赌。
We've got a bet on who's going to arrive first. 我们打了个赌，看谁先到。
‘Liverpool are bound to win. ’ ‘Do you want a bet? ’ (= I disagree with you, I don't think they will.) “利物浦必胜。”“你敢打赌吗？”
I hear you're taking bets on whether she'll marry him. 我听说你愿意拿她是否会嫁给他的事和人打赌。
I did it for a bet (= because sb had agreed to pay me money if I did). 我是为了打赌才这么干的。
I was tempted to place a large bet. 我禁不住诱惑下了一个大赌注。
I'm going to place a bet on that white horse. 我要在那匹白马身上下注。
I had a bet on the three o'clock race. 我把赌注押在三点的那场比赛上。
He had a bet on the horses. 他在那些马上下了赌注。
They all put a bet on the race. 他们都对比赛下了赌注。
I did it for a bet (= because sb had agreed to pay me money if I did). 我是为了打赌才这么干的。
You can put a bet on almost anything these days. 如今几乎可以对任何东西下赌注。

n. [C]（对事情进行计划的）时间表，时间安排，时间计划:
vt. [尤英] 常用被动式，表示为某事安排时间:
n. [C] [尤英；美常用schedule] 学校的课程表:
n. [C] [尤英；美常用schedule]（车、船或飞机等交通工具的）时刻表:
timetable |['taɪmteɪbl]
to set out a timetable for the task 为该项任务制定时间表 
a busy timetable 时间安排得很紧 
The timetable was too optimistic. 这个时间表过于乐观。
a specific timetable 具体时间表 
The test for the new product has been timetabled a week later. 新产品的测试已经安排在了一个星期以后。
The timetable includes English, history and geography. 课程表上包括英语、历史和地理。
a full timetable of teaching 满满当当的教学任务表 
school timetable 学校课程表 
exam timetable 考试时间表 
bus, train timetable 公交车时刻表；列车时刻表 
It said in the timetable that a train was due at 5.30. 时刻表上写着5点30分有一趟火车到站。

n. [U]（也用normalcy，不过normalcy尤用于美式英语）正常状态，常态:
normality |[nɔ:ˈmæləti;美nɔ:rˈm-]
They are hoping for a return to normality now that the war is over. 既然战争结束了，他们希望一切都恢复常态。
A semblance of normality has returned with people going to work and shops reopening. 随着人们开始上班，商店重新开张，表面上一切又恢复了正常。

vt. 监督、指导某人或某事:
vt. 控制或管理某人或某事:
adj. 说话直爽的，坦率的，直截了当的:
vt. 把注意力集中于某个人或某件事:
vt. [正式] 下达命令或指示。词义上也相当于order，但direct比较强调运用脑力来分析战局，然后指挥调度下属。如果一个具有极大权力的首领不动脑子而发出命令，用command最能表现他的掌控力，如果是一个运筹帷幄的军师经过仔细分析推理后所发出的命令，用direct最能展现他的指挥才能，如果是一个前线将领，用order则最能体现出其麾下将士对其命令的服从。如果是同一人在不同时间分别处于这三种语境中，则依然可以根据强调的侧重点分别采用这三个词。最后，表示“下命令”时，command、order和direct通常会出现于看似相同的语境中，但要注意它们背后的含义:
vt. 把注意力、情感或行动集中于某个人或某件事:
vt. 把目光投向某人:
adj. 只作前置定语，指光直射的:
vt. 将话语针对某人:
direct sth at/against sth/sb 把…对准某个方向或某个人，即瞄准:
adj. 只作前置定语，（长辈与晚辈的关系）直系的，嫡系的:
vt.＆vi. 导演电影或戏剧:
adj. 只作前置定语，指热量直射的:
vt. 将话语针对某人:
direct sth at/against sth/sb 把…对准某个方向或某个人，即瞄准:
adj. 1 常作前置定语，不涉及中间的人或事物的，即直接的，亲自的:
2 运动路线不拐弯的:
adv. 不涉及其他人或事物地，即亲自地，直接地:
vt. [正式] direct sth to ... 把信件等送到某个地方或交给某个人:
vt.＆vi. 指挥管弦乐队等:
vt.＆vi. 导演戏剧:
adj. 指旅程中间不停的，即直达的:
adv. 指旅程直达地，线路径直地。与through未见明显差别:
vt. direct sb (to ...) 给某人指路，或为某人带路:
adj. 指道路不拐弯的，即径直的，笔直的:
adj. 只作前置定语，正好的，恰好的:
direct |[dɪ'rekt,daɪ-][dɪ'rekt,daɪ-]
to direct the navy 指挥海军 
to direct the traffic 指挥交通
to direct the project 管理该工程 
direct day-to-day operations 管理日常工作
to give a direct answer 做出直截了当的回答 
He asked me some very direct questions. 他问了我一些很直接的问题。
a direct discussion 直奔主题的讨论
My attention was directed to the health of my parents. 我把注意力放在父母的健康上了。
This merely directs attention away from the real issues. 这只不过是将注意力从真正的问题上转开而已。
We are directing our efforts towards helping young people. 我们正致力于帮助年轻人。
The judge directed that the murderer should be sentenced to death. 法官判决杀人犯死刑。
I have been directed to arrest you. 我奉命逮捕你。
My attention was directed to the health of my parents. 我把注意力放在父母的健康上了。
Most of my anger was directed against myself. 我主要是生自己的气。
Tax cuts have been directed primarily at the better-off. 减税主要是针对较富裕阶层。
The attacks were directed solely at military targets. 攻击只针对军事目标。
criticism clearly directed at upper management 明显针对高层的批评 
We are directing our efforts towards/toward helping young people. 我们正致力于帮助年轻人。
direct sunlight 阳光直射
The abuse was directed toward him. 辱骂是针对他的。
His remark was directed at me. 他的话是冲着我来的。
vt. direct sth to/towards sth/sb 
to direct the gun at the murderer 把枪对准杀人犯 
He directed the light straight in her face. 他用灯光直接照向她的脸。
The machine directs light onto a special film. 机器把光对准一片特殊的胶片。
a direct descendant of the King 国王的嫡系后裔
Who did direct the movie? 这部电影是谁导演的？
The abuse was directed toward him. 辱骂是针对他的。
His remark was directed at me. 他的话是冲着我来的。
vt. direct sth to/towards sth/sb 
to direct the gun at the murderer 把枪对准杀人犯 
He directed the light straight in her face. 他用灯光直接照向她的脸。
The machine directs light onto a special film. 机器把光对准一片特殊的胶片。
direct result, direct experience, direct contact, direct gaze 直接后果；亲身体验；直接联系；直视 
to have a direct bearing on ... 与…有直接关系 
Her manner can be rather direct. 她的方式可能相当直接。
The album is her most emotionally direct work of date. 这是迄今为止最能直接表达她情感的一个专辑。
a direct hit 直接命中
to meet his opponent direct 亲自去见对手 
to sell direct to consumers 直接向消费者销售
to direct complaints to the after-sale service department 将投诉寄至售后服务部
a direct train to London 直达伦敦的火车 
a direct flight 直飞航班 
to go direct to London 直达伦敦
Could you direct me to the train station? 请问去火车站该怎么走？
to be directed into a dark room 被引到一间漆黑的屋子里 
a detour that directs you through narrow, dimly lit streets 指引你通过狭窄昏暗街道的一条迂回路线
a direct route 径直的路线 
the direct opposite 截然相反

n. [C] 一个人或事物所处于的精神（或情感、身体、客观）状态、状况、情况。是一个常规用词，含义极具概括性:
n. [C] 一个人或事物所处于的精神（或情感、身体、客观）情况:
vt.（尤指以一种细致而清晰的方式）正式写出或说出某事，具体可称为陈述、说明。是此义的常规用词:
vt. 1（尤指以一种细致而清晰的方式）正式写出或说出某事，此时在个别语境中可翻译为“声明”（但并非专门表示“声明”，而是“说明”、“陈述”）:
2 常用被动式，（尤指以一份书面文件的形式）规定或公布某事的细节:
adj.（也可用State，只用于名词前）由一国政府所提供、控制、资助或组织的:
n. [C] 也可用State，国家（尤指一些大国）的一部分，可称为州、邦:
adj. 也可用State，只用于名词前（尤指美国的）州的、邦的:
adj.（也可用State，只用于名词前）与一国领袖出席一场官方仪式有关的，如国事的、隆重的:
n. [U, sing.] 也可用the State，一国的政府:
n. 1 [C] 也可用State，指政治和法律意义上的国家:
2 [U, sing.] 也可用the State，一国的政府，不过此时也可看作由政府代表的国家，常翻译为“国”、“国家”:
3 [U] 国家元首或政府高官所享受的正式礼仪、隆重仪式:
4 [pl.] [非正式] the State可指美国:
state |[steɪt][steɪt]
emotional, mental, psychological state 情绪；精神状况；心理状态 
a confused state of mind 思绪纷乱 
He was in a state of permanent depression. 他一直处于消沉状态。
She was in a state of shock. 她震惊不已。
The soul has reached a state of perfection. 心灵达到了完美境界。
state of health 健康状况 
She slipped into a state of unconsciousness. 她陷入了昏迷。
the state of the country’s economy 国家的经济状况 
financial state 财务状况 
The building is in a bad state of repair. 那座房子破败不堪，需要修缮。
Jane was in a terrible state after losing her job. 简失业以后，情况很糟。
a state of affairs 形势；事态 
a state of emergency 紧急状态
a state of affairs 事态 
The brothers’ refusal to work together had brought about this sad state of affairs. 他们兄弟拒绝合作，造成了这种糟糕的局面。
The facts are clearly stated in the report. 报道对事实作了清楚的说明。
It was stated that standards at the hospital were dropping. 据称，那家医院的医疗水准在不断下降。
He has already stated his intention to run for election. 他已声明打算参加竞选。
The contract was stated to be invalid. 那份合同宣布作废。
You must arrive at the time stated. 你必须在规定时间到达。
Do not exceed the stated dose (= of medicine). 不要超过规定的剂量。
Clearly state your address and telephone number. 清楚地写明你的地址和电话号码。
The police report stated that he was arrested for allegedly assaulting his wife. 警方报告称，他因涉嫌殴打妻子而被捕。
state education（英）公办教育 
state school（可指英国的）公立学校 
state funding, state subsidy, state support 政府出资；政府补贴；政府扶持 
state benefit（尤英）政府救济金 
state spending 政府开支 
state employee 政府雇员 
font color="orange">
Southern states 南部各州 
swing state 摇摆州（指美国大选中选民举棋不定的州）
state court, state government 州法院；州政府 
state university 州立大学 
state police 州警察
The President is on a state visit to Moscow. 总统正对莫斯科进行国事访问。
to be is in Washington on a state visit 在华盛顿进行国事访问 
the state opening of Parliament 隆重的议会开幕式 
the power of the State 政府的权力 
the role of the state 政府的作用 
The state does not collect enough revenue. 政府没有足够的收入。
the Baltic States 波罗的海诸国 
member state 成员国 
neighbouring/neighboring state 邻国 
welfare state 福利国家 
city state 城邦 
sovereign state 主权国家 
client state 附庸国 
democratic, socialist, totalitarian state 民主国家；社会主义国家；极权主义国家 
to create a modern state 创建一个现代国家 
an independent state 一个独立的国家 
Mexico is a secular state 墨西哥是个非宗教国家。
affairs of state, matters of state 国家事务 
people who are financially dependent on the state 依靠国家救济的人 
a state-owned company 国有公司 
an enemy of the state 国家公敌 
head of state 国家元首 
The president was driven in state through the streets. 总统乘车隆重地从街上穿过。
I’ve never been to the States. 我从未去过美国。

having the right to do or obtain something; satisfying the appropriate conditions:拥有做某事或获得某事的权利；满足适当的条件
(of a person) desirable or suitable as a partner in marriage:（某人的）理想的或适合作为婚姻伴侣的
eligible |ˈɛlɪdʒɪb(ə)l| Adjective/:有资格的,合格,符合条件
customers who are eligible for discounts:有资格享受折扣的客户
the world's most eligible bachelor:世界上最有资格的单身汉

n. [C, U] 疫苗的接种:
vaccination |[ˌvæksɪˈneɪʃn]
flu, measles, MMR, rubella, smallpox vaccination 流感疫苗接种；麻疹疫苗接种；麻腮风三联疫苗接种；风疹疫苗接种；天花疫苗接种 
routine vaccination 常规疫苗接种 
emergency vaccination 紧急接种 
compulsory, mandatory（尤美）vaccination 强制接种 
voluntary vaccination 自愿接种 
mass, widespread vaccination 大规模的接种；广泛的疫苗接种 
childhood vaccination 儿童疫苗接种 
booster vaccination 强化免疫接种 
I had a routine tetanus booster vaccination last year. 去年我接种了常规破伤风加强针。
vaccination campaign, vaccination programme/program, vaccination schedule（尤美）疫苗接种运动；疫苗接种计划；疫苗接种时间表 
vaccination rate 疫苗接种率 
Vaccination rates remain below 75% of the at-risk adult population. 高危成年人的疫苗接种率仍然低于75%。
a vaccination against tetanus 破伤风疫苗的接种 
Make sure your vaccinations are up to date. 一定要接种最新的疫苗。

adv.（尤用于句首）因此，所以:
adv. 照着:
adv. 相应地:
accordingly |[əˈkɔ:dɪŋli;美əˈkɔ:rd-]
The cost of materials rose sharply last year. Accordingly, we were forced to increase our prices. 去年材料成本大幅度提高，因此我们被迫加价。
The workforce have recently been calling for their working hours to be reduced. Many companies have accordingly switched to a five-day week. 工人们最近一直在呼吁缩短工作时间。许多公司于是转成了一周五天工作制。
We have a different background, a different history. Accordingly, we have the right to different futures. 我们有不同的背景和不同的历史。因此，我们有权拥有不同的未来。
We have to discover his plans and act accordingly. 我们得找出他的计划，照着办。
It is a difficult job and they should be paid accordingly. 这是份棘手的工作，他们应得到相应的报酬。
The new government will make a judgment about its interests and act accordingly. 新政府将对其利害得失做出判断，并采取相应的行动。

vt.＆vi. 朝某个方向缓慢而小心地移动；使…朝某个方向缓慢而小心地移动:
n. [C] 英寸（长度单位，等于2.54厘米，1英尺等于12英寸，inch缩写为in.）:
n. [C] 短距离:
n. [C] 短距离:
inch |[ɪntʃ]
She moved forward, inching towards the rope. 她小心翼翼地慢慢向绳子挪过去。
I inched the car forward. 我开着车小心地缓缓前行。
He inched his way through the narrow passage. 他一点一点地穿过狭窄的通道。
a climber inching up a vertical wall of rock 一个沿着陡峭的岩壁缓慢往上攀登的人
She’s a few inches taller than me. 她比我高几英寸。
He escaped death by an inch. 他差点丧了命。
The car missed us by inches. 那辆车险些撞到了我们。
He was just inches away from scoring. 他只差一点儿就得分了。
He escaped death by an inch. 他差点儿丧了命。
The car missed us by inches. 那辆车险些撞到了我们。
He was just inches away from scoring. 他只差一点儿就得分了。

~ (that…) 表明；标示；显示；象征:
indication |[ˌɪndɪˈkeɪʃn]
There are clear indications that the economy is improving. 有明显的迹象显示经济已开始好转。
He shows every indication (= clear signs) of wanting to accept the post. 他显然想接受这个职位。
They gave no indication of how the work should be done. 他们根本没说明这项工作该怎样做。
He gave no indication that he was ready to compromise. 他没有妥协的意思。
All the indications are that the deal will go ahead as planned. 从所有的迹象看，交易将按计划进行。
All the indications are that we are going to receive reasonable support from abroad. 所有迹象都表明，我们将从国外获得有力支持。           

n. [U, C] 认为:
n. 1 [C, usually pl., U] 希望（发生某件好事），即希望，盼望:
2 [C, usually pl.] 对某事的发生方式或某人的行为方式的一种强烈的、近乎不切实际的期望（或指望）:
expectation (that ...)（因某事很可能发生而）认为某事将发生，即预料、预期:
expectation |[͵ekspek'teɪʃn]
There was a general expectation that he would win. 普遍认为他会获胜。
She went to college with great expectations. 她满怀希望地进了大学。
The results exceeded our expectations. 结果超出了我们的期望。
The numbers attending fell short of expectations. 出席的人数比期望的要少。
The event did not live up to expectations. 这项比赛有负众望。
Some parents have unrealistic expectations of their children. 有的父母对孩子的期望不切实际。
Unfortunately, the new software has failed to meet expectations. 遗憾的是新软件并不理想。
customer expectation 顾客预期 
market expectation 市场预期 
economic expectation 经济预期 
earnings expectation 收入预期 
career, life expectation 职业生涯的预期；寿命预期
The expectation is that property prices will rise. 预计地产价格会上涨。
Contrary to expectations, interest rates did not rise. 出乎意料的是利率并未上升。

a thin, pointed piece of metal, wood, or another rigid material.:一块薄而尖的金属、木头或其他刚性材料。
a large stout nail, especially one used to fasten a rail to a railway sleeper.:一根粗大的钉子，尤其是用来将铁轨固定在铁路枕木上的钉子。
each of several metal points set into the sole of a running shoe to prevent slipping.:几个金属点中的每一个都设置在跑鞋的鞋底中以防止滑倒。
a pair of running shoes with metal points set into the sole.:一双鞋底有金属点的跑鞋。
a pointed metal rod standing on a base and used for filing paper items such as bills, or journalistic material considered for publication and rejected.:一根尖头金属棒立在底座上，用于归档纸件，如账单或考虑出版但被拒绝的新闻材料。
a hypodermic needle.:一个皮下注射针。
a sharp increase in the magnitude or concentration of something:某物的量级或浓度急剧增加
a pulse of very short duration in which a rapid increase in voltage is followed by a rapid decrease.:一个持续时间非常短的脉冲，其中电压迅速升高，随后迅速降低。
a hostel ward offering temporary accommodation for the homeless:a宿舍病房为无家可归者提供临时住所
impale on or pierce with a sharp point:impale用尖头刺穿或刺穿
injure (a player) with the spikes on one's shoes.:
(of a newspaper editor) reject (a story) by or as if by filing it on a spike:（报纸编辑的）拒绝（一个故事）通过或好像通过在尖峰上归档它
stop the progress of (a plan or undertaking); put an end to:停止（计划或事业）的进展；21
render (a gun) useless by plugging up the vent with a spike.:render（一把枪）用尖刺堵住通风口没用。
form into or cover with sharp points:形成或覆盖尖尖
take on a sharp, pointed shape:采取尖锐、尖锐的形状
increase and then decrease sharply; reach a peak:先增后减；26
add alcohol or a drug to contaminate (drink or food) surreptitiously:秘密添加酒精或药物以污染（饮料或食物）
add sharp or pungent flavouring to (food or drink):在（食物或饮料）中添加强烈或刺激性的调味剂
enrich (a nuclear reactor or its fuel) with a particular isotope:enrich（核反应堆或其燃料）具有特定同位素
(in volleyball) hit (the ball) forcefully from a position near the net so that it moves downward into the opposite court.:
fling (the ball) forcefully to the ground, typically in celebration of a touchdown or victory.:fling（球）有力地落地，通常是为了庆祝触地得分或胜利。
a flower cluster formed of many flower heads attached directly to a long stem.:一个花簇，由许多直接附着在长茎上的花头组成。
spike |spʌɪk| Noun/Verb/:长钉,用尖物刺入,穗,扣球
the oil price spike:油价飙升
he queued at the soup kitchen or the spike:他在施食厨房或秒杀处排队
she spiked another oyster:
the editors deemed the article in bad taste and spiked it:编辑认为这篇文章品味不佳并加了钉
he doubted they would spike the entire effort over this one negotiation:他怀疑他们会在这次谈判中全力以赴
his hair was matted and spiked with blood:他的头发乱七八糟，沾满了鲜血
lightning spiked across the sky:闪电划过天空
oil prices would spike and fall again:石油价格将再次暴涨和下跌
she bought me an orange juice and spiked it with vodka:她给我买了一杯橙汁，然后加了伏特加
spike the liquid with lime or lemon juice:在液体中加入酸橙或柠檬汁
the plutonium mixture could be spiked with caesium-137:钚混合物可以加入铯137

adj. 显著的:
adj. 数量相当大的:
adj. 1 [常用于名词前] 有特别含义的（并非所有人都能理解的），意味深长的。相当于meaningful:
2 有某种意义的:
adj. 意义重大的:
significant |[sɪgˈnɪfɪkənt]
The results of the experiment are not statistically significant. 从统计学的观点看，实验结果意义不明显。
There are no significant differences between the two groups of students. 这两组学生没有明显差别。
Your work has shown a significant improvement. 你的工作有了显著改进。
It is significant that girls generally do better in examinations than boys. 很明显，女生的考试成绩一般比男生的好。
A small but significant number of 11-year-olds are illiterate. 数量不多但仍有相当一部分11岁孩子是文盲。
foods that offer a significant amount of protein 富含蛋白质的食物
significant look, significant smile 意味深长的眼神；意味深长的微笑 
Mrs Bycraft gave Rose a significant glance. 拜克拉夫特夫人意味深长地瞥了罗丝一眼。
It is significant that he changed his will only days before his death. 他在临终前几天修改遗嘱，这很能说明问题。
a highly significant discovery 有重大意义的发现 
Time would appear to be the significant factor in this whole drama. 时间似乎是整部剧中一个举足轻重的因素。
very significant piece of legislation 一条非常重要的法规 
The move was regarded as significant in Japan. 这一举动在日本被认为意义重大。
What makes this discovery significant is that it goes against our theory. 这一发现的重要意义在于它与我们的理论背道而驰。
His records are impressive, but equally significant are the methods that he used to achieve them. 他的记录令人印象深刻，但是同样值得注意的是他取得这些记录的方法。
These differences are not statistically significant. 这些差异在统计学上意义不大。
biologically, culturally, historically, militarily, politically significant 生物学上意义重大；文化上意义重大；历史上有重大意义；军事上意义重大；政治上意义重大 
This development proved highly significant for the whole town. 这一，开发对整个城镇来说意义重大。
rituals which are deeply significant to Christians 对基督徒具有深刻意义的仪式

n. [C, U] 疫苗:
vaccine |[ˈvæksi:n;美vækˈsi:n]
effective, safe vaccine 有效的疫苗；安全的疫苗 
flu, measles, rubella vaccine 流感疫苗；麻疹尤美；风疹疫苗 
The polio vaccine has saved millions of lives. 脊髓灰质炎疫苗挽救了数以百万计的生命。
live vaccine 活疫苗 
a live vaccine containing the polio virus含有脊髓灰质炎病毒的活疫苗 
one dose of BCG vaccine 一剂卡介苗 
The vaccine protects babies and children against tuberculosis. 这种疫苗能防止婴幼儿染上肺结核。
a vaccine to prevent rubella 预防风疹的疫苗 
$28 million raised for AIDS vaccine research 为艾滋病疫苗研究而筹集的2，800万美元 
vaccine production 疫苗生产 
vaccine maker, vaccine manufacturer 疫苗制造者；疫苗生产商 
vaccine programme/program 疫苗计划 
vaccine supply 疫苗供应 
vaccine shortage 疫苗短缺 
Researchers are trying to develop a vaccine against the disease. 研究人员正在努力研制预防这种疾病的疫苗。
a vaccine for meningitis 预防脑膜炎的疫苗 
There is no vaccine against HIV infection. 现在还没有防艾滋病病毒传染的疫苗。
Anti-malarial vaccines are now undergoing trials. 抗疟疾的疫苗正在试验阶段。
Seven million doses of vaccine are annually given to British children. 英国孩子每年要接种七百万剂疫苗。

If a company rolls out a new product or service, or if the product or service rolls out, it is made available to the public. 推出 (新产品或服务)
roll-out |英/美 [rəul'aut]| n. 初次公开展出；[计] 转出/
Northern Telecom says its products will roll out over 18 months beginning early next year.北方电讯公司表示其产品将从明年初起用18个多月的时间推出。
On Thursday Microsoft rolls out its new operating system.在星期四微软推出了它的新操作系统。


tentative, unsure, or slow in acting or speaking:在行动或说话方面有犹豫、不确定或缓慢
hesitant |ˈhɛzɪt(ə)nt| Adjective/:犹豫,犹豫不决的
clients are hesitant about buying:客户对购买犹豫不决

a small increase or slight upward trend:小幅上升或小幅上升趋势
uptick |ˈʌptɪk| Noun/:上升,上涨
an uptick in foreign tourism:外国旅游的增长

in a way that relates to a whole nation:以一种与整个国家相关的方式
nationally |ˈnaʃ(ə)n(ə)li| Adverb/:,全国范围内
a nationally recognized brand:全国知名品牌

the price to be paid by an aircraft passenger for a particular journey:飞机乘客为特定旅程支付的价格
airfare |ˈɛːfɛə| Noun/:机票,机票费用
save a bundle in airfare by flying standby:通过飞行待机节省机票

n. [C] ~ (to sth) 达成某事的途径、渠道:
vt.＆vi. 按某条线路来发送信息:
n. [C] ~ (to sth) 达成某事的途径、渠道:
n. [C] 公共汽车、火车等的固定或常规路线，或运输货物的常规路线:
n. [C] 常规航线:
vt.＆vi. 按某条线路来发送人或事物:
n. 1 [C] ~ (from A to B) 交通路线:
2 [C] 公共汽车、火车等的固定或常规路线，或运输货物的常规路线:
3 [sing.] 用于美国干线公路号码前:
route |[ru:t;NorthAmericanEnglishalsoraʊt]
the route to success 成功之路
Satellites route data all over the globe. 卫星向全球各地传递信息。
the route to success 成功之路
sea route 海上航线
air route 空中航线 
The airline currently flies this route twice a day. 该航空公司现在每天两次飞这条线路。
Which is the best route to take? 哪一条是最佳路线？
the shortest route home 回家最短的路线 
the quickest route from Florence to Rome 从佛罗伦萨到罗马的最快捷的路线 
Motorists are advised to find an alternative route during road repairs. 道路整修期间，建议驾驶者换一条路线。
to plan your route carefully 仔细规划你的路线 
We retraced our route in an attempt to get back on the right path. 我们沿原路返回，想回到正确的路线上。
main route 主干路线 
accessible route 通行的路线 
east-west route 东西向的路线 
tourist route 游览路线 
scenic route 观光路线 
escape route 逃生路线 
parade route 游行路线 
Our route lay straight ahead. 我们的路线就在前方。
route map 路线图 
air, overland, sea route 空中航线；陆上线路；海上航线 
cycle route 自行车路线 
shipping, supply, trade route 航运路线；补给线路；贸易路线 
coastal route 沿海路线 
The house is not on a bus route. 这房子不在公交线上。
The airline currently flies this route twice a day. 该航空公司现在每天两次飞这条线路。
Route 66 66号公路

vt. [尤英，非正式] 常用被动式，成功处理一个问题；妥当安排某事物或某人:
n. [C] 在某个方面相似的一群（或一种）人或事物，如种类、类别，相当于kind。但kind还可以是不可数名词:
vt. sort sth (into sth) 将一些事物（根据其类型等）分配到不同的组里；将一些事物（根据其类型等）按照某种秩序排列；从其他一些事物中分离出某种类型的事物:
n. [sing.] 计算机技术中可指将数据按照某种顺序进行排列的过程，即分类、排序:
n. [C, usually sing.] [尤英，非正式] 某一种（或某一类）人:
sort |[sɔ:t]
It’s our problem. We’ll get it sorted. 这是我们的问题。我们来处理。
It’s all sorted. 一切都办妥了。
It’s time you got yourself sorted. 现在你该把自己的事好好安排一下了。
Leave them to sort it out among themselves. 让他们自己去解决吧。
There are all sorts of activities for kids at the campsite.（非正式用法）在营地有为孩子们组织的各种各样的活动。
This sort of problem is quite common. 这类问题相当普遍。
He’s the sort of person who only cares about money. 他这种人一心只想着钱。
The computer sorts the words into alphabetical order. 计算机按字母顺序排列这些单词。
Rubbish can easily be separated and sorted into plastics, glass and paper. 垃圾很容易分开并归入塑料、玻璃和纸三类。
Sort the books according to their subject matter. 按照主题把这些书分类。
We sorted the clothes into piles. 我们把衣服分成堆。
to do a sort 进行分类
My brother would never cheat on his wife; he’s not that sort. 我哥哥永远不会背着妻子在外面拈花惹草，他不是那种人。

n. 1 [C] ~ (on sth) 起限制或约束作用的事物。相当于restriction:
2 [U] 对人的行为的严格约束、严管:
constraint |[kənˈstreɪnt]
Water shortages in the area will be the main constraint on development. 水资源匮乏将是制约该地区发展的一个主要因素。
The government has placed tight constraints on spending this year. 政府今年实行了严格的开支限制。
budget, budgetary, financial constraint 预算上的限制；财政上的限制 
Their decision to abandon the trip was made because of financial constraints. 他们决定放弃这次出游是因为财力有限。
There are major financial constraints on all schools. 所有的学校都面临严重的财政限制。
This decision will impose serious constraints on all schools. 这项决定将使所有的学校受到各种严格的限制。
legal, economic, political constraint 法律约束；经济约束；政治约束 
space, time, money constraint 空间限制；时间限制；资金限制 
We have to work within severe constraints. 我们得在严格的限制范围内工作。
At last we could relax and talk without constraint. 我们终于可以放松下来，无拘无束地谈话了。
I felt free to speak to her without constraint. 同她说话我感到很自由，不拘束。                  

to a higher degree than is usual or average:比平常或平均水平更高
used to single out a subject to which a statement is especially applicable:用于挑出一个陈述特别适用的主题
so as to give special emphasis to a point; specifically:以便特别强调一点；具体来说
particularly |pəˈtɪkjʊləli| Adverb/:特别,尤其,特别是
I don't particularly want to be reminded of that time:我特别不想被提醒那个时候
the team's defence is excellent, particularly their two centre backs:球队的防守非常出色，尤其是他们的两个中后卫
he particularly asked that I should help you:他特别要求我帮你

vi. burn (with sth) [文学] 有一种强烈的渴望:
vt.＆vi. 使…烧坏、烧伤、烧死；或烧坏、烧伤、烧死:
vt. [美，非正式] 使某人非常生气:
vi. burn (with sth) [文学] 有一种强烈的情感:
vi. 指灯发出光亮:
vi. [非正式] 朝某个方向迅速移动:
vt.＆vi. 食物烧焦；使食物烧焦:
vt. 刻录光盘等:
vi. 1 燃烧、烧。是“燃烧”的常规用词，最为常用:
2 尤用于进行时，指某物着火，或烧着:
vt.＆vi. 燃料燃烧；使燃料燃烧:
vt.＆vi. 1 使…烧伤、烧死；或烧伤、烧死:
2 被太阳、热量、酸等灼伤；灼伤:
n. [C] 由火、热或酸引起的烫伤、烧伤、灼伤；或被灼伤的痕迹:
vi. 指身体部位感觉热且疼痛:
n. [sing.] the burn 可指锻炼过度时肌肉所产生的酸痛感:
burn |[bə:n]
I’m burning to finish the task as quick as possible. 我渴望尽快完成任务。
to burn household waste 焚烧生活垃圾 
Eight people burned to death in the fire. 八人在火灾中丧生。
The house was burnt to the ground. 那座房子被彻底烧毁。
The factory burned down last year. 去年工厂烧毁了。
His words burnt me. 他的话气死我了。
to be burning with ambition 满怀远大的抱负 
to be burning with love 满怀炽热的爱 
Her eyes burned fiercely. 她的眼中怒火在燃烧。
He was burning with indignation. 他义愤填膺。
The light is burning. 灯正亮着。
Their torches burned brightly in the dark. 他们的火把在黑暗中发出明亮的光。
The car was burning down the road. 汽车沿着公路疾驰而去。
I smell something burning in the kitchen. 我闻到厨房里有东西烧焦了。
I burned the toast. 我把面包片烤糊了。
The fire is burning. 火在燃烧着。
The wood is burning. 木头在燃烧着。
a burning car 一辆着火的汽车 
The fire was still burning fiercely. 大火仍在熊熊燃烧。
a furnace that burns gas 煤气熔炉 
to burn calories 消耗热量 
This fuel burns most efficiently. 这种燃料燃烧效率最佳。
Several people were burned to death. 有几个人被烧死了。
My skin burns easily. 我的皮肤容易晒伤。
Don’t burn your mouth. 别烫了嘴。
severe burn 严重的烧伤 
minor, slight burn 轻度烧伤 
second-degree burn 二级烧伤 
chemical, cigarette burn 化学烧伤；香烟灼伤 
burn mark 灼烧痕迹 
burn wound 烧伤创面 
burn injury 烧伤 
50% burn 50%面积的烧伤
My forehead is burning. 我前额发烫。
Her cheeks burned with embarrassment. 她尴尬得面颊发烫。

n. [sing.] at a ~ 被需要但很难获取的，即稀缺的、紧缺的、难以得到的:
n. [C]（基本费用之外的）额外费用、附加费用:
n. [sing.] at a ~ 以高于平常的价格（买进或卖出）:
adj. [只用于名词前] 比通常情况高得非常多的（如昂贵的）:
n. [C]（一次性或分期缴纳的）保险费:
n. [sing.] place/put a high ~ on sb/sth 极为珍视、高度重视:
adj. [只用于名词前] 高品质的:
premium |[ˈpri:miəm]
If space is at a premium, choose adaptable furniture that won't fill the room. 如果空间有限，就选择一些不会把房间占得很满的可改装家具。
Space is at a premium in a one-bedroomed apartment. 单居室公寓的空间是很有限的。
You have to pay a high premium for express delivery. 快递须付高额的附加费。
A premium of 10% is paid out after 20 years. 20年后要付清10%的额外费用。
Even if customers want 'solutions', most are not willing to pay a premium for them. 即使顾客想得到“解决方案”，他们大多数也不愿意为此支付额外费用。
Callers are charged a premium rate of 48p a minute. 打电话要支付每分钟48便士的附加费。
The company is charging a pretty hefty premium for access to their network. 该公司正在对登录其网络收取可观的额外费用。
Electricity companies pay a premium for renewable energy. 电力公司为可再生能源支付额外的费用。
He eventually sold the shares back to the bank at a premium. 他最后以高价把股票回售给银行。
Good hotels are at a premium (= difficult to obtain and therefore expensive). 好的酒店收费高。
bought at a premium of 40% above the current market price 以高于当前市场价格的40%购买 
premium prices 奇高的价格 
At the premium end of the market, business is booming. 高端市场业务繁荣。
a monthly premium of £6.25 每月6.25英镑的保险费 
Intense competition has kept premiums low. 激烈的竞争使得保险费保持在低位。
insurance premium 保险费 
health-care（尤美）, health insurance premium 医疗保险费 
the rising cost of medical malpractice insurance premiums 医疗事故保险费的成本上升 
We're struggling to keep up our premiums. 我们正勉力继续支付保险费。
The insurance company has increased our premiums. 保险公司提高了我们的保险费。
My insurance premiums increase each year. 我的保险费每年增加。
The additional premium costs $1 800 a year. 额外保险费每年要花1,800美元。
premium rate 保险费率 
premium increase 保险费的提高 
the premiums for your pension plan 为你的退休金计划支付的保险费 
Premiums on many cars will go up this year. 今年许多汽车的保险费会上调。
risk premium 风险溢价 
There's a risk premium of probably $10 a barrel built into oil prices. 每桶石油的价格中约有10美元的风险溢价。
equity premium 权益溢价 
equity risk premiums 权益风险溢价
I place a high premium on what someone is like as a person. 我非常重视一个人的人品。
They put a high premium on prevention and primary care. 他们对预防和初级护理极为重视。
The company places a high premium on customer loyalty. 该公司非常重视客户的忠诚度。
premium products 优质产品 
At the premium end of the market, business is booming. 高端市场业务繁荣。
the most popular premium ice cream in this country 这个国家最受欢迎的优质冰激凌

adj. 1（常写作Chief）级别最高的，即首席的:
2 –in-chief 用于构成名词，指级别最高的:
n. [C] 公司或机构中高级别（或最高级别）的一个人，即领导:
n. 1 [C] 政治上的领导:
2 [C]（常用作头衔）（一群人或一个社区的）首领:
adj. 只用于名词前，最重要的，主要的:
chief |[tʃi:f][tʃi:f]
the chief financial officer of the company 公司的首席财务官 
Detective Chief Inspector Williams 探长威廉斯 
commander-in-chief 总司令 
corporate, council, fire, industry, union chief 公司总裁；理事会会长；消防队队长；行业领袖；工会领袖 
branch, division, section chief 分支机构主管；部门主管 
marketing chief 营销部主管
tribal, village chief 部落酋长；村长 
army, intelligence, military, party, police, station, union chief 陆军司令；情报局局长；军事首领；政党领袖；警察局长；站长；工会领袖 
counterterrorism, education, finance, marketing, etc. chief 反恐负责人；教育部部长；财政部部长；市场营销部主管等 
chief of staff 参谋长 
Chief Jack 杰克酋长
chief cause, chief problem, chief reason 主要原因；主要问题；主要理由 
chief rivals 主要对手

n. [C] 经济学家:
economist |[ɪˈkɒnəmɪst;美ɪˈkɑ:n-]
academic, government, professional economist 理论经济学家；政府经济学家；专业经济学家 
classical, free-market, Keynesian, liberal, neoclassical economist 古典主义经济学家；自由市场主义经济学家；凯恩斯主义经济学家；自由主义经济学家；新古典主义经济学家 
conservative, mainstream, progressive economist 保守经济学家；主流经济学家；进步经济学家 
agricultural, political 农业经济学家；政治经济学家

adj. 1 非常大、重且结实的:
2 巨大的:
adj.（疾病）十分严重的:
massive |[ˈmæsɪv]
a massive rock 一块巨大的岩石 
the massive walls of the castle 厚实坚固的城堡围墙 
Their house is massive.（英，非正式）他们的房子大极了。
They have a massive great house. 他们有一座非常大的房子。
The explosion made a massive hole in the ground. 爆炸在地面留下了一个巨大的坑。
a massive increase in spending 开支的大幅度增加 
There was evidence of massive fraud. 有证据表明是巨额欺诈。
massive air attacks 大规模空袭
He suffered a massive heart attack. 他的心脏病严重发作了。

n. [U] 空闲、休闲、闲暇:
leisure |[ˈleʒə(r);美ˈli:ʒər]
leisure hours, time 闲暇时光 
leisure activities, leisure interests, leisure pursuits 休闲活动；业余爱好 
leisure centre（英）, leisure complex（尤英）休闲活动中心；休闲综合楼 
leisure facilities 休闲设施 
leisure industry 休闲业 
leisure travel, leisure traveller/traveler 休闲旅游；休闲游客 
These days we have more money and more leisure to enjoy it. 如今我们有更多的钱和空闲时间来享受了。
You will be able to stroll at leisure through the gardens. 您可在花园里闲逛。
He could read all the national papers at his leisure. 他可以悠然阅读所有的全国性报纸。               
