crisis				危机
reach a crisis point		迫在眉睫
shortage			缺乏
steadily			逐步的，平静的
worsen				使变得更糟
initially			起初
temporary			短期的，临时的
supply				供应，供给
pandemic			疾病大范围流行的
surge				使强烈感受到，急剧上涨
fuel				燃料，用作...的燃料
mighty				强大的
semiconductor			半导体
annually			每年
perfect storm			祸不单行
keep up with			跟上
persist				持续存在，坚持不懈
up and running			正常运营
significantly			显著的
chain				链条，一系列
cross over			转投
\\\\\\\\

n. 1 [C, U] 危机；（必须解决问题或必须做出决定的）危急关头:
2 [C, U] 最糟糕的时刻:
crisis |[ˈkraɪsɪs]
the worst economic crisis for fifty years 
constitutional, ecological, economic, financial, fiscal, political crisis 宪法危机；生态危机；经济危机；金融危机；财政危机；政治危机 
humanitarian, nuclear, social crisis 人道主义危机；核危机；社会危机 
budget, cash, currency, debt, liquidity crisis 预算危机；现金危机；货币危机；债务危机；流动性危机 
energy, oil, health, hostage, immigration, refugee crisis 能源危机；石油危机；健康危机；人质危机；移民危机；难民危机 
family, personal crisis 家庭危机；个人危机 
identity crisis 身份认同危机 
He's having a mid-life crisis. 他正面临中年危机。
to ease the town's housing crisis 缓解该镇的住房危机 
the growing crisis in education 教育行业愈发严重的危机 
a crisis over pensions 养老金危机 
The company is suffering a severe crisis of confidence. 该公司正遭遇严重的信任危机。
The British coal industry is facing a serious crisis. 英国的煤炭行业正面临着严重危机。
As soon as the crisis was over, she relaxed. 危机一结束，她就放松下来了。
The business is still in crisis but it has survived the worst of the recession. 这家公司虽然仍处于危机之中，但已经挺过了经济衰退最严重的日子。
crisis point 危机关头 
crisis situation 危急局面 
crisis intervention, crisis management 危机干预；危机管理 
In times of crisis it's good to have someone you can rely on for advice. 在危机时刻，有个可以依靠的人提提建议真好。
Their marriage has reached crisis point. 他们的婚姻已到了危机的地步。
The fever has passed its crisis. 发烧已过危险期。

n. [C, U] 短缺、缺乏:
shortage |[ˈʃɔ:tɪdʒ;美ˈʃɔ:rt-]
the current acute shortage of teachers 目前师资力量的严重短缺 
a looming housing shortage in the city 即将出现的城市住房短缺 
the world shortage of coffee 世界性的咖啡短缺 
wartime shortage 战时短缺 
supply shortage 供给不足 
cash, electricity, energy, food, fuel, gas, gasoline（美）, housing, oil, petrol（英）, power, water 现金短缺；供电短缺；能源短缺；食品短缺；燃油短缺；煤气短缺；汽油短缺；住房短缺；油料短缺；石油短缺；电力短缺；供水短缺 
labour, manpower, nursing, personnel（尤美）, skill, skills, staff, staffing, teacher shortage 劳动力短缺；护士短缺；人员短缺；技术人才匮乏；教师短缺 
The recent heavy rains have helped to ease the water shortage. 最近几场大雨有助于缓解缺水的情况。
A shortage of resources has led to a cutback. 资源匮乏已导致减产。
Their economy continued to suffer shortages in raw materials. 他们的经济仍然存在原材料短缺的问题。
a desperate shortage of organ donors 器官捐赠者的严重匮乏 
a shortage of funds 资金短缺 
There is no shortage of (= there are plenty of) things to do in the town. 城里不愁找不到活儿干。

in a regular and even manner:以有规律和均匀的方式
without change; continuously:无变化；不断地
in a controlled or unwavering manner:以受控或坚定不移的方式
steadily |ˈstɛdɪli| Adverb/:稳步,稳步地
the business has been growing steadily:业务一直在稳步增长
it rained steadily all night:整晚都在不停地下着雨
Nicholas gazed steadily at the face in the crowd:Nicholas盯着人群中的脸

vt.&vi.（使）变得更差，即恶化:
worsen |[ˈwɜ:sn;美ˈwɜ:rsn]
The political situation is steadily worsening. 政治局势在持续恶化。
The security forces had to intervene to prevent the situation worsening. 安全部队不得不介入，以防止局势进一步恶化。
These options would actually worsen the economy and add to the deficit. 这些选择实际上只会造成经济形势更加恶化，赤字愈见增加。
The economic recession has continued to worsen. 经济衰退愈演愈烈。
Staff shortages were worsened by the flu epidemic. 由于流感，职员短缺的情况更加严重了。
Her health has worsened considerably since we last saw her. 自从我们上次见到她以来，她的身体差多了。
The problem has worsened considerably in recent months. 近几个月来问题严重恶化了。

at first:起初
initially |ɪˈnɪʃəli| Adverb/:原来,最初,一开始
initially, he thought the new concept was nonsense:最初，他认为新概念是胡说八道

adj. 持续（或将要持续）一小段时间的，即短暂的，暂时的；被使用一小段时间的，非长久的，即临时的。与permanent相反:
temporary |['tempərərɪ]
temporary relief from pain 疼痛的短暂缓解 
temporary work 临时工作 
temporary accommodation 临时住所 
temporary measure, temporary arrangement 临时措施；临时安排 
Most adolescent problems are temporary. 多数青春期的问题都是暂时的。

supply sth (to sb/sth) 提供…所需，尤指大量提供、供应、供给:
n. 1 [C] 某事物（一般指物资）的供应量，供给量:
2 [C] 复数形式supplies可表示一群人（如军队或探险队等）所需要的食物、药品、燃料等:
3 [U] 供给，补给，供应:
n. [C] 商家对商品和服务的供应或供应量；某事物（一般指物资）的供应量，供给量:
supply |[sə'plaɪ]
vt. supply sb/sth (with sth) 
Foreign governments supplied arms to the rebels. 一些外国政府向反叛者提供武器。
Local schools supply many of the volunteers. 许多志愿者来自当地学校。
foods supplying our daily vitamin needs 为我们提供日常所需维生素的食物 
The room was well supplied with reading material. 房间里有丰富的阅读材料。
a buffet supper, generously supplied by club members 俱乐部会员慷慨提供的自助晚餐 
Each applicant is asked to supply a portfolio of work at interview. 每名求职者在面试时必须提供自己的作品集。
The water was supplied from a tanker. 水由罐车提供。
He refused to supply the police with information. 他拒绝向警方提供信息。
to supply heroin 提供海洛因
adequate supplies of raw materials 原料的充足供应 
the supply of qualified people 合格人才的供应量 
Supply did not increase to meet demand. 并没有增加供给来满足需求。
He has an endless supply of corny jokes. 他有说不完的老掉牙的笑话。
Our supplies were running out. 我们的补给快用完了。
a transport plane carrying food and medical supplies for refugees 一架为难民运送食物和医疗物资的运输机 
emergency, humanitarian, relief, military supplies 应急物资；人道主义援助物资；救济物资；军需物资 
office supplies 办公用品 
cleaning supplies（尤美）清洁用品 
The body needs a fresh supply of vitamin C every day. 人体每天都需要新的维生素C供给。
blood, oxygen supply 血液供给；氧气供给 
food, water, electricity, energy, fuel, money supply 食物供给；供水；电力供应；能源供应；燃料供应；货币供应 
supply chain, supply line, supply network 供应链；补给线；供应网络 
the water supply system 供水系统 
supply ship, supply train 补给船只；补给火车
Hurry, as we only have a limited supply of these TVs in stock! 这些电视存货有限，欲购从速！
Supply did not increase to meet demand. 并没有增加供给来满足需求。

n. [C] 疾病在全国或全球范围内的流行，即大流行:
adj. 大流行病的:
pandemic |[pænˈdemɪk]
They feared a new cholera pandemic. 他们担心新一轮的霍乱大流行。
One pandemic of Spanish flu took nearly 22 million lives worldwide. 西班牙流感的大爆发夺去了全球近2,200万人的生命。
a pandemic disease 大范围流行的疾病

vi.（价格、利润等）急剧上涨:
n. [C] ~ (in/of sth) 数量的急剧上涨:
vi. 使某人强烈感受到一种感情:
n. [C] ~ (of sth) 一种强烈感情的突然增强:
n. [C] ~ (of sth)大量的某事物:
vi.（人群）朝某个方向快速涌去:
n. [C] 汹涌的人潮:
vi.（电流）突然增大:
n. [C] 电流的突然增强，即电涌:
vi.（水）朝某个方向快速涌去:
n. [C]（风、水等）一阵突然的、强烈的向上或向前运动，即奔涌:
surge |[sɜ:dʒ;美sɜ:rdʒ]
Share prices surged. 股价猛涨。
The Freedom Party's electoral support surged from just under 10 per cent to nearly 17 per cent. 自由党的选举支持率从区区不到 10%骤升至近 17%。
Surging imports will add to the demand for hard currency. 进口激增将增加对硬通货的需求。
a dramatic surge in the demand 需求的激增 
a surge in consumer spending 消费开支的激增 
A last-minute surge in ticket sales saved the show from closure. 最后一刻门票销量的激增使演出免于流产。
After an initial surge of interest, there has been little call for our services. 过了开始的一阵新鲜劲后，对我们服务的需求就变得很小。
The anniversary is bound to bring a new surge of interest in Dylan's work. 该周年纪念肯定会再一次激发人们对迪伦作品的浓厚兴趣。
Specialists see various reasons for the recent surge in inflation. 专家们认为目前通货膨胀加剧有多种原因。
Panic surged through her. 她顿时惊慌失措。
Relief surged through her. 她顿觉宽慰。
Nausea surged in him and he retched violently. 他突然觉得恶心，猛烈地干呕起来。          
a sudden surge of adrenalin 一阵突如其来的兴奋 
He experienced a sudden surge of excitement. 他突然感到一阵兴奋。
His initial surge of euphoria was quickly followed by dismay. 他最初的一阵兴奋很快变为沮丧。
She felt a fresh surge of anger when he denied lying. 他否认撒谎时，她又感到一阵难以抑制的愤怒。
The mention of her name sent a surge of anger through me. 听到她的名字我就怒火中烧。
He was overcome by a sudden surge of jealousy. 他突然妒火中烧。
'It must be very difficult,' said Hunter, feeling a surge of embarrassment for Diane's predicament. “那肯定不好过，”亨特说，突然为黛安娜的困境感到很为难。
He thought of his old teacher with a surge of affection. 他满怀感情地回忆起昔日的老师。
A great surge of emotion swept through him. 一股强烈的情感传遍了他的全身。
After an initial surge of interest, there has been little call for our services. 过了开始的一阵新鲜劲后，对我们服务的需求就变得很小。
The anniversary is bound to bring a new surge of interest in Dylan's work. 该周年纪念肯定会再一次激发人们对迪伦作品的浓厚兴趣。
The gates opened and the crowd surged forward. 大门打开了，人群向前涌去。
The photographers and cameramen surged forward. 摄影师和摄像师们蜂拥上前。
the crowd surging out from the church 从教堂里涌出的人群 
Police struggled to control the sudden surge forward by the demonstrators. 警方奋力制止突然涌上前来的示威者。
Thousands of volts surged through his car after he careered into a lamp post, ripping out live wires. 他的车猛地撞到灯柱上，扯断了带电的电线，数千伏高压电流骤然通过车身。
power surge 电涌 
An electrical surge damaged the computer's disk drive. 电流浪涌损坏了计算机的磁盘驱动器。
Flood waters surged into their homes. 洪水涌进了他们的房子。
Fish and seaweed rose, caught motionless in the surging water. 鱼和海藻浮起来，在汹涌的水流中动弹不得。
The storm surge caused widespread flooding. 风暴潮造成大范围的洪灾。
In the year 1091, London Bridge was destroyed by a tidal surge during a storm. 伦敦大桥曾于 1091 年在一次暴风雨中被汹涌的潮水冲毁。
The whole car shuddered with an almost frightening surge of power. 油门猛然加大到几乎让人恐惧的程度，整个汽车剧烈震颤着。

n. [U] 使…（尤指争论）更加糟糕的言论或行为:
n. [U, C] 燃料:
vt. 给…提供燃料:
vt.＆vi. fuel (sth) (up) 给交通工具加汽油:
vt. 使…更强烈，加剧:
fuel |[fjʊəl]
to add fuel to the debate 使辩论更加激烈 
to add fuel to the fire（比喻用法）火上浇油
clean fuel 清洁燃料 
fossil, nuclear fuel 化石燃料；核燃料 
solid fuel 固体燃料 
rocket fuel 火箭燃料 
fuel efficiency 燃料效率 
fuel supply 燃料供应 
fuel tank 燃料箱 
fuel cell 燃料电池  
The fuel has been ran out. 燃料用完了。
to fuel power plants 给发电厂提供燃料
The car has been fuelled up. 汽车已经加满油了。
to fuel fears 加剧恐惧 
to fuel speculation 加剧猜测 
to fuel inflation 加剧通货膨胀

possessing great and impressive power or strength, especially because of size:拥有伟大而令人印象深刻的力量或力量，尤其是因为体型
(of an action) performed with or requiring great strength:（动作的）用或需要很大的力量来执行
very large:非常大
extremely:极度
mighty |ˈmʌɪti| Adjective/Adverb/:强大的,威武
three mighty industrial countries:三个工业强国
a mighty blow:一个强大的打击
a mighty £450:一个强大的£450
it seems mighty early to be talking about Christmas:谈论圣诞节似乎还为时过早

a solid substance that has a conductivity between that of an insulator and that of most metals, either due to the addition of an impurity or because of temperature effects. Devices made of semiconductors, notably silicon, are essential components of most electronic circuits.:一种导电性介于绝缘体和大多数金属之间的固体物质，这是由于添加了杂质或由于温度影响。由半导体（尤其是硅）制成的器件是大多数电子电路的重要组成部分。
semiconductor |ˌsɛmɪkənˈdʌktə| Noun/:半导体

once a year; every year:一年一次；每年
annually |ˈanjʊəli| Adverb/:每年,每年一次
the prize is awarded annually:该奖项每年颁发一次

vi.（不喜欢的事物）继续存在:
~ (with sth) 尽管有困难和反对，仍然近乎顽固地继续做某事，如顽强地坚持、执着地做:
persist |[pəˈsɪst;美pərˈs-]
If the symptoms persist, consult your doctor. 如果症状持续不消除，就得去看医生。
Contact your doctor if the cough persists. 如果还是咳嗽就去看医生。
This situation cannot be allowed to persist. 不能容许这种情形持续下去了。
Drought conditions continue to persist from Maine to Georgia. 从缅因州到佐治亚州旱情仍在持续。
The trade network persisted in spite of the political chaos. 尽管政治混乱，贸易网络仍持续着。
the problems that persisted during the three-day conference 在为期三天的会议召开期间仍然持续着的麻烦 
The depression persisted through much of the 1930s. 20世纪30年代的大部分时间都是经济萧条时期。
These problems persisted for much of the decade. 这些问题在那10年的大部分时间里一直存在。
The condition almost always persists beyond childhood. 这种情况几乎总是持续到童年之后。
The snows persisted until the second month of the new year. 雪一直下到第二年的二月。
a belief that persists to this day 存留至今的信念 
These practices persisted into the Middle Ages. 这些做法一直延续到中世纪。           
vt.&vi. ~ (in sth/in doing sth) 
She persisted in her search for the truth. 她执著地追求真理。
He persisted with his questioning. 他问个不停。
‘So, did you agree or not? ’ he persisted. “那么你同意了没有？”他叮问道。
The detective stubbornly persisted with his questions. 侦探执意继续问他的问题。
If you persist in upsetting her, I will have to punish you. 如果你继续烦她，我就只好惩罚你了。
Why do you persist in blaming yourself for what happened? 你何必为已发生的事没完没了地自责？
Why does Britain persist in running down its defence forces? 为什么英国要坚持消减其军事防御力量？
He urged the United States to persist with its efforts to bring about peace. 他敦促美国继续进行和平斡旋。

in a sufficiently great or important way as to be worthy of attention:以足够伟大或重要的方式值得关注
in a way that has a particular meaning:以具有特定意义的方式
in a manner that suggests a meaning or message that is not explicitly stated:以暗示未明确说明的含义或信息的方式
significantly |sɪɡˈnɪfɪk(ə)ntli| Adverb/:显着地,显着
energy bills have increased significantly this year:energy账单今年大幅增加
he paused significantly:他明显停顿了一下

chain sb/sth (up) 用链子系上；用链子将某人（或事物）与另一者拴在一起（使其不能逃跑或被偷）:
n. 1 [C, U]（用于拉拽或系扎…的）一系列相连接的金属环，即金属链子；还可指用于某一目的的一段金属链条:
2 [C] 一系列相联系的事物、事件或人:
n. [C] 由同一家公司所拥有的一些商店或旅馆等，即连锁店:
n. [C, usually pl.] [正式或文学] 对某人的自由（或其做某事的能力）起限制作用的事物，即约束，桎梏，限制等:
chain |[tʃeɪn]
vt. chain sb/sth (to sb/sth) 
The doors were always locked and chained. 那些门总是上着锁链。
She chained her bicycle to the gate. 她用链子把自行车锁在大门上。
The dog was chained up for the night. 夜间那条狗用链子拴起来。
I’ve been chained to my desk all week.（比喻用法）我整个星期都在伏案工作，脱不开身。
The prisoners were kept in chains. 囚犯戴着镣铐。
She wore a long gold chain around her neck. 她脖子上戴着一条长长的金项链。
bicycle chain 自行车链条 
key chain 钥匙链 
daisy chain 雏菊花环 
He kept the dog on a chain. 他用链子拴着狗。
Our suppliers are the weakest link in the chain.（比喻用法）我们的供货商是链条上最薄弱的环节。
a chain of events 一连串事件 
an unbroken chain of entertainers 不断涌现的演艺人员 
food, supply chain 食物链；供应链 
chain reaction 连锁反应 
a chain of command 指挥系统 
island, mountain chain 岛链；山脉 
The people formed a human chain to pass the suppliers up the beach. 人们排成一列把物资送上岸。
fast-food, hotel, supermarket, etc. chain 连锁快餐店；连锁酒店；连锁超市等 
chain store 连锁商店
the chains of fear, the chains of misery 恐惧的桎梏；苦难的枷锁
