joyful				快乐的
auspicious			吉利的
urinate				排尿
upside down			颠倒的
courtship			求爱期
heat				发情期
finicky				过分讲究的
cub				幼兽
incubator			孵化器
swap				交换
from time to time		不时的
feed				喂，满足，给...提词
suppose				认为，设想
governor			地方行政长官
deprive				剥夺
draw				画，吸引，拉
negotiate			谈判
lengthen			加长
practice			实践，练习，常规，习惯
stretch back			回溯
empress				皇后
diplomacy			外交
loan				借款，借用
offspring			子女
captivity			囚禁
\\\\\\\\


feeling, expressing, or causing great pleasure and happiness:感觉、表达或引起极大的快乐和幸福
joyful |ˈdʒɔɪfʊl| Adjective/:快乐,快乐的
joyful music:欢乐音乐

conducive to success; favourable:有利于成功；4
giving or being a sign of future success:给予或成为未来成功的标志
characterized by success; prosperous:以成功为特征；繁荣
auspicious |ɔːˈspɪʃəs| Adjective/:吉祥,吉利
it was not the most auspicious moment to hold an election:
they said it was an auspicious moon—it was rising:他们说这是一个吉祥的月亮——它正在升起
he was respectful to his auspicious customers:他尊重他的吉祥客户

discharge urine; pass water.:排尿；通过水。
urinate |ˈjʊərɪneɪt| Verb/:排尿,溲,小便

n. [U] [正式] ~ (of sb/sth) 吸引商业伙伴等的过程或行为，如招商:
n. [C, U] [过时] 两人之间的求爱、追求；求爱期、追求期:
n. [U] 动物的求偶:
courtship |[ˈkɔ:tʃɪp;美ˈkɔ:rt-]
the company's courtship by the government 政府向公司献殷勤
They were more interested in courtship and cars than in school. 比起上学，他们对谈恋爱和汽车更感兴趣。
After a short courtship, she accepted his marriage proposal. 恋爱没多长时间，她就接受了他的求婚。
They married after a short courtship. 他们恋爱不久便结婚了。
Mr Elton's courtship of Harriet 埃尔顿先生对哈丽雅特的追求 
long courtship 长期的恋爱 
After a whirlwind courtship, they married and went to live in Bath. 经过一场旋风式恋爱，他们结了婚并搬到巴斯生活。
courtship behaviour/behavior, courtship display, courtship ritual, courtship song 求偶行为；求偶的炫耀行为；求爱仪式；求偶歌 
the elaborate courtship display of the pigeon 鸽子尽心竭力的求偶表现 
They often went there together during their courtship. 他们在恋爱期间经常一起去那里。
courtship displays 求偶的炫耀行为 
Courtship is somewhat vocal with a lot of displaying by the male. 雄性动物在求偶时会尽量展示自己，并发出一些声响。
elaborate courtship dances 复杂的求偶舞

n. [U] 愤怒:
n. [U] 施加给某人的压力（该压力迫使某人去做或达成某事）。不太常用:
n. [U] 强烈的感情，尤指愤怒或激动:
n. [U]（尤指将食物放在上面进行烹煮的）炉灶、灶眼、炉火等热源。与本组其他词相比，只有heat为不可数名词:
n. 1 [U, sing.] 高温，即热:
2 [U] 炎热的天气；建筑物、交通工具等内部的热的环境:
vt.＆vi. 加热或变暖；使…变热或变暖:
n. [U, C, usually sing.] 温度的水平。远不如temperature常用:
n. [U] [尤美]（建筑物内的）暖器装置，相当于heating:
n. [C] 一系列预赛中的一场预赛或分组赛（获胜者将晋级到下一轮的比赛）:
heat |[hi:t]
‘It was your idea,’ Henry said with heat.“都是你出的主意。”亨利怒气冲冲地说。
The heat is on now that the election is only a week away. 离选举只有一个星期了，因此大家开始感觉到压力了。
United turned up the heat on their opponents with a second goal. 联队进了第二个球，这使对手感到的压力更大了。
‘No, I won’t,’ he said with heat in his voice.“不，我绝不。”他怒气冲冲地说。
He tried to take the heat out of the situation. 他尽力平息人们的激奋情绪。
In the heat of the moment she forgot what she wanted to say. 她因为过于激动而忘记了要说的话。
in the heat of the argument 在激烈争论的时候 
Heat flooded his cheeks. 他激动得两颊通红。
Return the pan to the heat and stir. 把锅放回灶上再翻炒。
Immediately remove the pan from the heat. 立即将平底锅从热源上移开。
Cook on a low heat for five minutes. 小火加热五分钟。
He could feel the heat of the sun on his back. 他能感觉到太阳照射在背上的热度。
gentle heat 温热 
His body cannot lose excess heat. 他的身体不能散发出多余的热量。
Darker surfaces absorb heat. 深色的表面吸热。
the steamy heat of New York in summer 纽约夏季潮湿闷热的天气 
40-degree heat 40度的高温 
midday heat 正午的高温 
I can’t work in this heat. 天这么热，我没法工作。
heat stroke（通常用heatstroke）中暑 
Heat the oil and add the onions. 把油烧热后加入洋葱。
to heat several thousand homes 给几千户人家供暖           
body heat 体温 
Test the heat of the water before getting in. 入水之前先试一试水温。
Set the oven to a low heat. 把烤箱的温度设定为低档。
electric, radiant heat 电热器；散热器 
The heat wasn’t on and the house was freezing. 暖气没有开，房子里冰冷。
She won her heat. 她在预赛中获胜。
He fell in the first heat. 他在预赛第一场就败下阵来。
the heats of the men’s 100 metre breaststroke 男子100米蛙泳预赛 
qualifying, regional（英）heat 资格赛；地区赛 
dead heat 胜负不分的比赛 

adj. [贬]（对衣服、食物等）过分挑剔的:
adj. 需要认真对待的、需要注意细节的:
finicky |[ˈfɪnɪki]
Even the most finicky eater will find something appetizing here. 即使是最挑剔的食客在这里也会找到让人胃口大开的美食。
It's a very finicky job. 这是个很细致的工作。

the young of a fox, bear, lion, or other carnivorous mammal:狐狸、熊、狮子或其他食肉哺乳动物的幼崽
a young man, especially one who is awkward or bad-mannered:一个年轻人，尤其是一个笨拙或不礼貌的人
a junior branch of the Scout Association, for boys aged about 8 to 11:童子军协会的一个初级分支，面向8至11岁左右的男孩
a member of the Cubs:小熊队的一员
give birth to cubs:生出幼崽
hunt fox cubs:hunt狐狸幼崽
cub |kʌb| Noun/Verb/:幼兽,幼崽
she was as protective as a tiger with her cubs:
his sons are as yet mere cubs:他的儿子们还只是幼崽
she tells an anecdote about his wanting to join the Cubs:she讲述了他想加入小熊队的轶事
I was a Cub and already impatient to move up to the Scouts:我还是个幼崽，已经迫不及待地想升到童子军了
both share the same earth during the first ten days after cubbing:both在生完孩子后的前十天共享同一个地球
members of the Grafton Hunt were out cubbing:

an enclosed apparatus in which premature or unusually small babies are placed and which provides a controlled and protective environment for their care.:一种封闭的装置，用于放置早产儿或异常小的婴儿，并为他们的护理提供受控和保护环境。
an apparatus used to hatch eggs or grow microorganisms under controlled conditions.:一种用于在受控条件下孵化鸡蛋或培养微生物的设备。
a place, especially with support staff and equipment, made available at low rent to new small businesses:一个地方，特别是有支持人员和设备，以低租金提供给新的小企业
incubator |ˈɪŋkjʊbeɪtə| Noun/:,培养箱

swap sth for sth 与某人交换东西:
vi. swap (over) 与某人交换工作等:
swap sb/sth (over) 用一个人或事物来替换另一个人或事物，即替换、换掉、换成:
n. 1 [usually sing.]（人或事物的）交换:
2 [C] 被交换的事物或人:
swap |[swɒp]
vt.＆vi. swap (sth) (with sb) 
Can we swap places? I can’t see the screen. 咱俩交换一下座位好不好？我看不见银幕。
to swap stories 相互讲故事 
I swapped him my magazine for his book. 我拿我的杂志换了他的书。
I’ll drive there and then we’ll swap over on the way back. 去的时候我开车，回来的时候咱俩再倒换过来。
I think I’ll swap this sweater for one in another colour. 我想把这件毛衣换成一件其他颜色的。
I’m going to swap you over. Mike will go first and Jon will go second. 我打算把你俩掉换一下。迈克先去，乔恩后去。
Let’s do a swap. You work Friday night and I’ll do Saturday. 咱俩调个班吧。你星期五晚间上，我星期六上。
house, land swap 房屋交换；土地交换 
Let’s do a straight swap--your guitar for my bike. 咱们直接交换吧，你的吉他换我的自行车。
swap deal（英）置换交易 
a spy swap made between East and West Germany 东西德之间的间谍交换 
Most of my football stickers are swaps. 我的足球图文标签多数都是跟别人换来的。

vt. 满足一个需要（或愿望、欲望等）以使其保持充实或强大:
feed sth (into/through sth) 把某东西放进或塞进一部机器:
feed sth to sb/sth 给一个人提供食物，即喂养。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
n. 1 [C]（对婴儿的）一次喂奶:
2 [C] [非正式] 丰盛的一顿饭，丰盛的一餐:
vi.（婴儿）吃食物，进食:
 为一家人或一群人提供食物，即养活一家人（或一群人）:
n. [U] [美] 在一个电视网络中，由一个中心电视台向其他各电视台所提供的电视节目；也可指发送这些节目的一个系统:
vi.（动物）吃食物，进食:
feed sth to sb 向某人或某事物提供建议、信息等，如灌输:
n. [U] [美] 在一个电视网络中，由一个中心电视台向其他各电视台提供电视节目的一个系统:
feed B into A 向某人或某事物供应某东西，即供应、供给:
n. 1 [U] 为一部机器所提供的材料，即进料:
2 [U] 为机器提供进料的一个管道、装置等:
n. [U, C] 动物的饲料:
feed sth to sb/sth 给一个动物提供食物，即喂养、饲养:
n. [C]（对动物的）一次喂给的饲料:
vt. 为植物提供一种特殊的物质以使其生长，如施肥:
n. [U, C] 植物的肥料:
feed |[fi:d]
to feed the drug addiction 满足毒瘾
vt. feed A (with B) 
feed B into A 
He fed the meter with coins. 他把硬币投入停车计时收费器。
The fabric is fed through the machine. 布料放进了机器。
vt. 1 feed sb/sth (on) sth 
The baby can’t feed itself yet. 这个婴儿还不能自己吃东西。
She fed the children on junk food. 她给孩子们吃垃圾食品。
her morning feed 她早上的一次喂奶 
He needed a bath and a good feed. 他需要洗个澡，饱餐一顿。
He has a large family to feed. 他要养活一大家人。
to feed an army 养活一支军队 
How can we feed a hungry world? 我们如何养活一个饥饿的世界？
network feed 网络供给节目系统
The seals feed mainly on fish and squid. 海豹主要以鱼和鱿鱼为食。
vt. feed sb sth 
We are constantly fed gossip and speculation by the media. 媒体不断给我们灌输流言飞语和猜测臆断。
vt. feed A (with B) 
The electricity line is fed with power through an underground cable. 这条电线的电源是通过地下电缆传输的。
The data is fed directly into a computer. 数据直接输入了电脑。
This feeds the paper through to the printer. 这个可以把纸导入打印机。
The media were being fed with accusations and lies. 媒体上满是指责和谎言。
the cold feed to the water cylinder 水缸的冷进水管 
The printer has an automatic paper feed. 这台打印机有自动进纸装置。
winter feed for the horses 马的冬季饲料
vt. feed sb/sth (on) sth 
to feed cat 喂猫 
Most of the crop is fed to the cattle. 这种农作物大部分用来喂牛。
The animals are fed with hay. 这些动物是用干草喂养的。
Feed the plants once a week. 每星期要给这些花草施一次肥。 

vt.＆vi.（基于自己已有的知识）认为或相信某事是真实或可能的:
vt.&vi.（根据所知）认为、料想（某事是真的或可能的）:
vt. 假定（某事是真的）、假设（某事是真的将会发生什么）:
vt.&vi. 用于婉转表达一个陈述、要求、建议、询问意见、不耐烦或有些生气，如我看、要我说、要不:
vt.＆vi. 用于婉转地做出陈述、请求或建议，即要我说，要不，我看:
vt.&vi.（根据所知）推断（某事是真的或可能的）:
suppose |[sə'pəʊz][səˈpəʊz;美səˈpoʊz]
Getting a visa isn’t as simple as you might suppose. 办签证不像你想的那么容易。
Prices will go up, I suppose. 我觉得物价将会上涨。
She had supposed him (to be) very rich.（正式用法）她原以为他很有钱。
We commonly suppose that space and time are continuous. 我们通常认为空间和时间是连续的。
There is no reason to suppose she’s lying. 没理由认为她在撒谎。
Getting a visa isn't as simple as you might suppose. 办签证不像你想的那么容易。
Prices will go up, I suppose. 我觉得物价将会上涨。
We commonly suppose that space and time are continuous. 我们通常认为空间和时间是连续的。
It's reasonable to suppose that people go into this business in search of fame. 有理由认为人们进入这一行是为了出名。
This combination of qualities is generally supposed to be extremely rare.（正式）一般认为，同时具有这样一些品质极为罕见。
She had supposed him (to be) very rich.（正式）她原以为他很有钱。
I had supposed his wife a younger woman.（正式）我原以为他妻子要更年轻。
I don't suppose for a minute that he'll agree (= I'm sure that he won't). 我认为他决不会同意。
There is no reason to suppose she's lying. 认为她在说谎完全没道理。
I suppose you think it's funny, do you? (= showing anger) 你好像觉得这很好笑，是不是？
The policy is perfectly clear and I see no reason to suppose that it isn't working. 这项政策非常清楚明了，我没有理由认为它不会奏效。
I knew very well that the problem was more complex than he supposed. 我很清楚那个问题比他料想的要更复杂。
Suppose flights are fully booked on that day─which other day could we go? 假定那天的航班都订满了——我们还可以在哪天走呢？
Let us suppose, for example, that you are married with two children. 比方说，我们假设你成家了，还有两个孩子。
The theory supposes the existence of life on other planets.（正式）这个理论假定其他行星存在生命。
Suppose him dead─what then?（正式）假如他死了——那怎么办？
Suppose someone gave you an egg and asked you to describe exactly what was inside. 假设有人给了你一枚鸡蛋并要你准确描述鸡蛋里面有什么。
Supposing he's right and I do die tomorrow? Maybe I should take out an extra insurance policy. 假设他是对的，我确实明天就会死，那该怎么办？也许我应该再买一份保险。
I could take you in the car, I suppose (= but I don't really want to). 要不你坐我的车。
Do you suppose we could get together for a little chat sometime soon? 我们最近能抽空聚在一起聊上几句吗？
‘Can I borrow the car? ’ ‘I suppose so (= Yes, but I'm not happy about it).’ “我能借这辆车吗？”“应该可以吧。”
I don't suppose (that) I could have a look at your newspaper, could I? 我能不能看看您的报纸？
Suppose we take a later train? 要不我们坐晚一点的火车？
I get a bit uptight these days. Hormones, I suppose. 这些天我有点焦躁。我看是荷尔蒙在作怪。
I suppose I'd better do some homework. 我看我最好做做功课。
I don't suppose you could tell me where James Street is could you? 你能否告诉我詹姆斯街在哪儿？
Do you suppose he was telling the truth? 你认为他说的是实话吗？
What do you suppose they want with her? 你认为他们想从她那里得到什么？
I suppose you think you're funny. 我想你认为自己很好笑。
I don't suppose it occurred to you to notify the police. 我看你没想过要去通知警察。
I could take you in the car, I suppose (= but I don’t really want to). 要不你坐我的车。
‘Can I borrow the car?’ ‘I suppose so (= Yes, but I’m not happy about it).’ “我能借这辆车吗？”“应该可以吧。” 
Why do you suppose he resigned? 你凭什么推断他辞职了呢？

n. 1 [C] [尤英]（学校、学院、医院等机构的）董事、理事:
2 [C] [英]（英国一些机构的）负责人、主管:
n. [C] [尤英]（学校、学院的）董事、理事:
n. 1 [C]（也可用Governor）被别国统治的一个国家（或地区）中的首脑，如总督:
2 [C]（也可用Governor）（美国州的）州长:
governor |[ˈgʌvənə(r);美-vərn-]
a school governor（英）学校董事 
the board of governors of the college 学院董事会 
Governors are using the increased powers given to them to act against incompetent headteachers. 董事们运用赋予他们的更大权力罢免不称职的校长。
parent governor（英）家长理事会理事 
She served as a parent governor at her children's school. 她在她孩子的学校担任家长理事会理事。
the chairman of the BBC board of governors 英国广播公司董事会主席 
Fed governor（= the Federal Reserve in the US）美联储理事 
a prison governor（英）监狱长 
the governor of the Bank of England 英格兰银行总裁 
I can't decide. I'll have to ask the governor (= the man in charge, who employs sb).（非正式）我作不了主，我得问问老板。
a school governor（英）学校董事 
the board of governors of the college 学院董事会 
Governors are using the increased powers given to them to act against incompetent headteachers. 董事们运用赋予他们的更大权力罢免不称职的校长。
parent governor（英）家长理事会理事 
She served as a parent governor at her children's school. 她在她孩子的学校担任家长理事会理事。
the former governor of the colony 该殖民地的前总督 
colonial, district, provincial, regional governor 殖民地总督；辖区长官；省长；地方长官 
She was appointed as acting governor until an election could be held. 她被任命为代省长，任期到举行选举为止。
military governor 司令官 
state governor 州长 
the governor of Arizona 亚利桑那州州长 
the Arizona governor 亚利桑那州州长 
Governor Tom Kean 汤姆·基恩州长

vt. deprive sb/sth of sth 使某人不能享有某事物或不能做某事（尤指重要的事物或事情），即剥夺，使丧失:
deprive |[dɪˈpraɪv]
They were imprisoned and deprived of their basic rights. 他们遭到监禁并被剥夺了基本权利。
The disintegration of the Soviet Union deprived western intelligence agencies of their main enemies. 苏联解体使西方情报机构丧失了主要的敌人。
They've been deprived of the fuel necessary to heat their homes. 他们没法得到家里取暖所必需的燃料。
Why should you deprive yourself of such simple pleasures? 你为什么连这种简单的娱乐也不让自己享受一下呢？

n. [C] 对很多人有吸引力的人、事物或事件:
vt. draw sb (to sth) 吸引某人的注意，激起某人的兴趣（常是强烈地）:
vt.＆vi. draw (with/against sb)（比赛或游戏）以平局结束，即不分胜负:
n. [C] [尤英] 比赛（如体育比赛）中的平局:
vi.（向某个方向）移动，行进（常是缓慢平稳地移动）:
vt. draw sth (from sb) 产生、引起或激起（反应或回应）:
vt. 进行（比较或对比）:
vi. 进程朝某个方向推进:
vt. draw sb (about/on sth) 常用被动式，使某人说出（关于某事的更多内容）:
vt. 1 拉动、拖动、牵引等，宾语可以是人或事物:
2（马匹等）拉车:
3 拉窗帘或帘子等:
to draw the curtains 拉窗帘 4 抽出或吸出（液体、气体或能量）:
vt.＆vi. draw (sth) (on sb) 拔出武器（如枪、刀剑等）以攻击或威胁…:
vt. draw sth (from sth) 得出（结论）；得到（教训）；取得（力量等）:
draw sth in 吸入（空气）:
n. [U] 吸烟，词义相当于drag:
vt.＆vi. 抽（烟）:
n. 1 [C] [英]（由抽签决定对手的）体育比赛:
2 [usually sing.]（由抽签决定对手的）一系列比赛:
vt.＆vi. 通过偶然拾取卡片、票或数字来进行选择，即抽签、抽牌、抓阄等:
n. [usually sing.] [美也用drawing] draw (for sth) 抽奖；抽签，抓阄（如体育比赛中抽签以选择对手）:
vt.＆vi. 用笔（如钢笔、铅笔、粉笔等）画图:
draw sth on sth（从银行账户或邮局）支取或领取金钱，相当于withdraw:
vt.＆vi. 通过偶然拾取卡片、票或数字来进行选择，即抽签、抽牌、抓阄等:
n. 1 [usually sing.] [美也用drawing] draw (for sth) 抽奖；抽签，抓阄（如体育比赛中抽签以选择对手）:
2 [C] [美常用drawing] 抽奖:
draw |[drɔ:]
This novel is currently a big draw among teenagers. 这本小说目前在青少年中很受欢迎。
to draw their attention 吸引他们的注意力 
The university draws many top students. 这所大学吸引着很多顶尖学生。
My eyes were drawn to her. 她引起了我的注意。
Her gaze was drawn irresistibly to the scene outside. 她的目光禁不住被外面的景色所吸引。
The plan has drawn interest from local businessmen. 该计划引起了当地商人们的兴趣。
Animals are instinctively drawn to those who like them. 动物本能地喜欢爱它们的人。
Holland and France drew one-one. 荷兰队与法国队一比一战平。
We drew with Australia in the first game. 我们同澳大利亚队在第一局打成平局。
Brazil drew their game against France. 巴西队与法国队的比赛未分胜负。
The match ended in a two-all draw. 比赛以二比二平结束。
scoreless draw 零比零平局
She drew away and did not smile. 她慢步走开，面无笑容。
The train drew into the station. 火车徐徐驶入车站。
The car drew away. 汽车缓缓驶离。
The figures in the distance seemed to be drawing closer. 远处的人影好像越来越近了。
Their car drew alongside ours. 他们的汽车与我们的并排行驶。
The policy has drawn fierce resistance from farmers. 该项政策已经引起了农民的激烈抵制。
The announcement drew loud applause from the audience. 宣布的内容博得了观众的热烈掌声。
to draw a comparison between two events 对两件事进行对照 
to draw an analogy 进行类比 
to draw a distinction 进行区别 
to draw a parallel 进行比较
The meeting was drawing to a close. 会议快结束了。
His retirement is drawing near. 他快退休了。
He refused to be drawn on his book. 他拒绝透露他的著作的任何消息。
I drew my chair up to the fire. 我把椅子向火炉移近了一些。
I drew the cork out of the bottle. 我把瓶塞拔了出来。
I tried to draw him aside so I could talk to him in private. 我试图把他拉到一边，以便能和他私下谈谈。
He approached her but she drew away. 他向她靠近，而她却往回缩。
She sat with her legs drawn up on the sofa. 她坐着，双腿翘在沙发上。
We drew names randomly out of a hat. 我们从一个帽子里随机抽出写有姓名的字条。
a horse-drawn carriage 马车 
to draw water from a well 从井中抽水 
to draw blood 抽血 
to draw gas along the pipe 将气体顺着管子抽出来 
to draw a dagger 拔出一把匕首 
to draw a gun 拔出一把枪
to draw conclusions from the evidence 从证据中得出结论 
to draw lessons 吸取教训 
to draw strength from his books 从他的著作中汲取力量
vt.＆vi. draw at/on sth 
to draw in the fresh air 吸入新鲜空气 
He drew a deep breath. 他深吸了一口气。
He drew on a cigarette. 他吸了一口烟。
Liverpool have an away draw against Manchester United. 利物浦队抽的签是在客场与曼彻斯特联队进行比赛。
There are only two seeded players left in the top half of the draw. 在抽签系列比赛的上半区就只剩下两名种子选手了。
Brazil has been drawn against France in the first round. 第一轮比赛的抽签结果是巴西队对法国队。
the draw for the first round of the World Cup 世界杯第一轮抽签
to draw with the pencil stub 用铅笔头画画 
to draw a picture 画图 
to draw a diagram 画示意图 
to draw a circle 画圆圈 
to draw a line 画一条线 
to draw a castle 画一个城堡 
You draw beautifully. 你画得真好。
The report drew a beautiful picture of the future.（比喻用法）这份报告为未来描绘了一幅美丽的景象。
vt. draw sth (from sth) 
draw sth out (of sth) 
to draw $500 out of my account 从我的账户上支取500美元 
to draw out cash from an ATM 从自动取款机上取钱 
to draw pension from the post office 从邮局领取养老金
to draw lots 抽签 
to draw the winning ticket 抓到中彩券 
to draw a card 抽一张牌 
Brazil has been drawn against France in the first round. 第一轮比赛的抽签结果是巴西队对法国队。
the draw for the first round of the World Cup 世界杯第一轮抽签 
The draw for the raffle takes place on Sunday. 星期日进行抽彩。
a prize draw 抽奖

vt. 通过正式商讨来达成（协议）:
vi. negotiate (with sb) (for/about sth) 尝试通过正式商讨而达成一项协议，即谈判，磋商，协商:
vt. 通过正式商讨来安排或同意某事，即商定，达成（协议）:
vt. 成功通过或越过一个艰难路段:
negotiate |[nɪ'ɡəʊʃɪeɪt]
to negotiate a deal, to negotiate a contract 达成交易；订立合同 
We successfully negotiated the release of the hostages. 我们成功达成了释放人质的协议。
The government will not negotiate with terrorists. 政府不会和恐怖分子谈判。
We have been negotiating for more pay. 我们一直在为增加工资进行谈判。
Rents are individually negotiated between landlord and tenant. 租金由房东和房客单独协商。
We are negotiating for the release of the prisoners. 我们正在就释放囚犯一事进行谈判。
negotiating skills 谈判技巧 
to negotiate a deal, to negotiate a contract, to negotiate a treaty, to negotiate a settlement 达成交易；商定合同；商定条约内容；商定解决措施 
We successfully negotiated the release of the hostages. 我们成功达成了释放人质的协议。
The climbers had to negotiate a steep rock face. 攀登者必须攀越陡峭的岩壁。
He successfully negotiated the slippery steps. 他顺利地走过了打滑的台阶。

vt.&vi.（使）变长:
vt.&vi.（使）时间延长:
lengthen |[ˈleŋθən]
I need to lengthen this skirt. 我需要把裙子放长。
The afternoon shadows lengthened. 下午影子渐渐变长了。
The evening shadows were lengthening. 残阳下的影子越拉越长。
She began to walk faster, but he lengthened his stride to keep up with her. 她开始加快步子，但他加大了步幅跟着她。
Vacations have lengthened and the work week has shortened. 假期延长，工作周就缩短了。
The council does not support lengthening the school day to fit in other activities. 委员会不支持通过延长在校时间来插入其他活动。

vt.＆vi. [美] 练习，训练；经常做；从事业务、法律等专业工作，相当于practise:
n. 1 [U] 实践，实际行动（而非想法）:
2 [U, C] 经常从事一项活动或训练以提高自身的技能，即训练；也可指训练所花费的时间:
n. [C] 经常所做的事、习惯:
n. [C] 习俗:
n. [U, C] 在某一组织或某一情况中的通常做法，惯例:
n. [U, C] 经常从事一项活动或训练以提高自身的技能，即训练；也可指训练所花费的时间:
vt.＆vi. [美] 练习，训练，相当于practise。比train更强调一种反复性、连贯性，直到做到完美:
n. [U, C] 一些专业人士（例如医生、牙医、律师）所从事的工作或业务；也可指其工作地点:
practice |['præktɪs]
to practice the piano 练习弹钢琴 
to practice the dance 练习舞蹈 
The team is practicing for their big game on Friday. 球队正在训练，备战星期五的重大比赛。
She’s practicing medicine in Philadelphia. 她在费城行医。
the theory and practice of teaching 教学的理论与实践 
to put her ideas into practice 把她的想法付诸实践 
The idea sounds fine in theory, but would it work in practice? 这种想法理论上好像不错，但是做起来行得通吗？
clinical, legal, social practice 临床实践；法律实务；社会实践 
the medical practices of ancient Egypt 古埃及的医术 
accounting, employment, management practice 会计实务；招聘实务；管理实务 
basketball practice 篮球训练 
conversation practice 会话练习 
It takes a lot of practice to play the violin well. 拉好小提琴需要多加练习。
I’ve had a lot of practice in saying ‘no’ recently! 我最近已经拒绝别人很多次了！
This chapter gives students practice in using adjectives. 本章让学生练习使用形容词。
practice facilities, practice ground 练习设施；训练场地 
practice game, practice session 练习赛；训练课 
The children need more practice in tying their shoelaces. 孩子们还需要再练习练习系鞋带。
practice makes perfect（谚语）熟能生巧
It is his practice to read several books a week. 他习惯于每周读几本书。
religious practices 宗教习俗 
cultural practices 文化习俗
common, current practice 一般做法；现行做法 
environmentally sound practices 无害于环境的做法 
ethical practice 道德的行为 
corrupt, fraudulent, questionable, unfair practice 腐败行为；欺诈的做法；可疑的举动；不公平的做法 
the company’s general practice of selling through agent 公司通常通过代理商销售的做法 
It is standard practice not to pay bill until the end of the month. 通常的做法是月底才付账。
basketball practice 篮球练习 
target practice 射击练习 
practice facilities, practice ground 练习设施；训练场地 
practice game, practice session 练习赛；训练课 
The team is practicing for their big game on Friday. 球队正在训练，以备战星期五的大赛。
the practice of medicine 行医 
My solicitor is no longer in practice. 我的律师已不再执业了。
He runs a successful legal practice in London. 他在伦敦经营一家成功的律师事务所。
She maintains a private practice as a mental health consultant. 她作为一名精神健康顾问经营着一家私人事务所。

n. 1 [C] 一个帝国的女性统治者，即女皇:
2 [C] 皇帝的妻子，即皇后:
empress |[ˈemprəs]
the Empress of Egypt 埃及女皇 

n. [U]（处理人际关系等的）手腕，策略，手段:
n. [U]（处理人际关系等的）手腕，策略，手段:
n. [U] 外交；外交技巧；外交手腕:
There's a familiar rule that diplomacy works best when backed by the threat of force.有一条大家都熟悉的定律:
diplomacy |[dɪˈpləʊməsi;美-ˈploʊ-]
He stormed off in a fury, and it took all Minnelli's powers of diplomacy to get him to return. 他愤然离去，米内利使出了浑身解数才把他劝了回来。
We need some-one who has tact and diplomacy. 我们需要一个处事圆通，有交际手腕的人。
I thought you showed great diplomacy in dealing with him. 我认为你在跟他打交道的过程中显得极为得体练达。
Kerry's willingness to try diplomacy holds out at least a hope of making progress.克里愿意尝试交际手段，这至少是能取得进展的一线希望。
Trying to get the divorced couple to agree calls for a great deal of diplomacy. 要使这对离婚夫妇达成一致需要处事极为圆通。
The way forward in this situation is by diplomacy and negotiation. 在这种情况下要取得进展需要讲究点手腕，要进行商谈。
She handled the awkward situation with her usual quiet diplomacy. 她以惯常的不喜张扬的策略应付了尴尬局面。
He stormed off in a fury, and it took all Minnelli's powers of diplomacy to get him to return. 他愤然离去，米内利使出了浑身解数才把他劝了回来。
We need some-one who has tact and diplomacy. 我们需要一个处事圆通，有交际手腕的人。
I thought you showed great diplomacy in dealing with him. 我认为你在跟他打交道的过程中显得极为得体练达。
Kerry's willingness to try diplomacy holds out at least a hope of making progress.克里愿意尝试交际手段，这至少是能取得进展的一线希望。
Trying to get the divorced couple to agree calls for a great deal of diplomacy. 要使这对离婚夫妇达成一致需要处事极为圆通。
The way forward in this situation is by diplomacy and negotiation. 在这种情况下要取得进展需要讲究点手腕，要进行商谈。
She handled the awkward situation with her usual quiet diplomacy. 她以惯常的不喜张扬的策略应付了尴尬局面。
international diplomacy 国际外交 
Diplomacy is better than war. 采取外交手段胜于诉诸战争。
Today's Security Council resolution will be a significant success for American diplomacy. 今天的安理会决议将是美国外交取得的一个重大成功。
The talks have now gone into a stage of quiet diplomacy. 会谈现在已经进入了“温和外交”阶段。
It will take deft diplomacy to sustain the fragile momentum. 需要灵活的外交技巧才能维持这种脆弱的势头。
His skilful/skillful diplomacy has secured new European allies. 他巧妙的外交手段拿下了新的欧洲盟友。
Effective trade diplomacy is vital. 有效的贸易外交至关重要。
He also wants more aggressive unilateral diplomacy. 他也想要更加强势的单边外交。
Sanctions and coercive diplomacy have failed.（coercive尤为美式用法）制裁措施和高压外交已经失败。
gunboat diplomacy 炮舰外交 
checkbook diplomacy（美）金钱外交 
We will continue to seek solutions to the problems of this region through multilateral diplomacy. 我们将继续通过多边外交来寻求解决这一地区的问题。
secret diplomacy 秘密外交 
Churchill's highly personal diplomacy in seeking a meeting with the Russians 在谋求与俄罗斯人的会晤中丘吉尔展现出的极大个人外交魅力 
public diplomacy（尤美）
Cultural diplomacy between the two countries was an integral part of this development. 两国之间的文化外交是这一发展中必不可少的一部分。
traditional diplomacy 传统外交 
The understanding between the two countries came about through quiet diplomacy. 这两个国家通过秘密外交达成了谅解。
The raid followed years of failed diplomacy. 多年外交失败后发生了这场突然袭击。
preventive diplomacy 预防性外交 
a round of shuttle diplomacy between Washington and Brussels 在华盛顿和布鲁塞尔之间的一轮穿梭外交 
European diplomacy 欧洲外交 
We prefer to use diplomacy rather than force to get people to move. 我们更愿使用外交手段而不是武力去让人们行动起来。
This was no way to conduct diplomacy. 这绝不是开展外交的方法。
She urged the leaders to pursue diplomacy. 她敦促领导人寻求外交手段。
if diplomacy fails and combat is necessary 如果外交手段失败而必须打仗 
We must try and resolve this situation through diplomacy rather than conflict. 我们必须力争通过外交而不是冲突来解决这一局面。

n. [sing.] ~ (of sth) 借出；贷给；被借出:
~ (sb) sth 出借（贵重物品给博物馆等）:
n. [C]（银行等机构或个人）贷出去的款:
~ (sb) sth 将…（尤指钱）贷给或借给某人:
loan |[ləʊn;美loʊn]
I even gave her the loan of my car. 我甚至把车也借给了她。
an exhibition of paintings on loan (= borrowed) from private collections 借用私人收藏品举办的画展 
I am in need of a loan of a bike for a few weeks. 我需要借辆自行车用几个星期。
He had offered the loan of his small villa at Cap Ferrat. 他愿意借出在费拉角的小别墅。
This exhibit was kindly loaned by the artist's family. 这件展品是艺术家的家人惠借而展出的。
He loaned the museum his entire collection. 他把自己的全部收藏品都借给了博物馆。
He had kindly offered to loan us all the plants required for the exhibit. 他善解人意地提出愿意把展览需要的植物通通借给我们。
We were approached by the Royal Yachting Association to see if we would loan our boat to them. 皇家游艇协会的人找过我们，问我们能不能把船借给他们。
to take out/repay a loan (= to borrow money/pay it back) 取得/偿还贷款 
bank loans with low interest rates 银行低息贷款 
It took three years to repay my student loan (= money lent to a student). 我花了三年的时间才还清我的学生贷款。
The country has no access to foreign loans or financial aid. 该国得不到任何外国贷款或经济援助。
The president wants to make it easier for small businesses to get bank loans. 总统希望能让小企业更方便地获得银行贷款。
bad, non-performing loan 坏账；不良贷款 
business, consumer, personal loan 商业贷款；消费贷款；个人贷款 
bank loan 银行贷款 
temporary loan 临时贷款 
bridge（美）, bridging（美）loan 过渡性贷款 
home, mortgage loan 按揭贷款 
auto（美）, car loan 汽车贷款 
interest-free loan 无息贷款 
fixed-rate loan 固定利率贷款 
guaranteed（美）, secured, unsecured loan 担保贷款；抵押贷款；无抵押贷款 
home-equity loan（美）住房抵押贷款 
outstanding loan 未偿还贷款 
loan application 贷款申请 
loan interest 贷款利息 
loan facility（尤英）信贷服务 
loan officer（美）放款员 
loan shark 放高利贷者 
The bank is happy to loan money to small businesses. 银行乐于贷款给小型企业。
A friend loaned me $1 000. 有一位朋友借给我1 000元。

a person's child or children:一个人的孩子或孩子
an animal's young.:一只动物的幼崽。
the product or result of something:某事的产品或结果
offspring |ˈɒfsprɪŋ| Noun/:后代,子孙
the offspring of middle-class parents:中产阶级父母的后代
child hunger is the offspring of political indfference, unaccountable governance, and economic mismanagement:儿童饥饿是政治冷漠、不负责任的治理和经济管理不善的产物

n. [U] 被监禁、关押或困住的状态:
captivity |[kæpˈtɪvəti]
He was held in captivity for three years. 他被监禁了三年。
She was tortured many times during her captivity. 她在囚禁期间多次遭到拷打。
He died in captivity. 他在囚禁期间死亡。
An American missionary was released today after more than two months of captivity. 一位美国传教士在被关押两个多月后于今天获释。
The prisoners were released from captivity after three months. 三个月后囚犯们获释。
The children were held in captivity. 孩子们被关押着。
tigers raised in captivity 关在笼子里饲养的老虎 
The bird had escaped from captivity. 那只鸟已经逃离樊笼。
The great majority of barn owls are reared in captivity. 大多数仓鸮都是笼养的。
