floss				丝线，剔牙
cognitive			认知的
decline				下降，恶化，婉拒
oral				口述的，口腔的
impairment			损伤
dementia			痴呆
analysis			分析
extend				扩建，延长
involve				需要，影响，使参与，吸引
diminish			减少，削弱，贬低
function			功能，职责，用途
denture				假牙
reveal				披露，展现
maintain			维持，供养，坚称，保养
president			总统，会长
lifelong			终生的
socio-economic		社会与经济的
access				入口，享用机会，进入，存取
dental				牙齿的，牙科的
nutrition			营养的供给
chronic				慢性的
serve				伺候，供应，度过，服役
\\\\\\\\


the rough silk enveloping a silkworm's cocoon.:裹着蚕茧的粗丝。
untwisted silk fibres used in embroidery.:用于刺绣的无捻丝纤维。
the silky down in maize and other plants:玉米和其他植物中的柔滑羽绒
clean between (one's teeth) with dental floss.:用牙线清洁（一个人的牙齿）之间。
behave in a flamboyant manner; show off.:举止张扬；炫耀。
floss |flɒs| Noun/Verb/:牙线,使用牙线
milkweed floss:乳草牙线

relating to cognition:关于认知
cognitive |ˈkɒɡnɪtɪv| Adjective/:,认知
the cognitive processes involved in reading:阅读涉及的认知过程

vi. 变得更小、更少等:
decline (of sth)（某事物的数量、价值、质量等的）持续降低、减少、下降:
n. 衰落:
vi. 衰退:
vt.＆vi. [正式] 礼貌地拒绝接受；礼貌地拒绝去做某事。常翻译为“谢绝”:
vt.＆vi. 一个名词、形容词或代词根据其在句中的作用（如是否作一个动词的主语或宾语、是否是单数或复数等）而变化形式；使发生上述词形变化:
decline |[dɪ'klaɪn]
Profits declined by 6% this year. 今年利润减少了6%。
The number of full-time staff has declined from 300 to just 50. 全职员工的数量从300人下降到区区50人。
to decline in size 规模下降
a small decline in the company’s profits 公司利润的略有减少 
the decline of public transport 公共交通的减少 
mental, physical decline 智力下降；体力下降 
population, price decline 人口减少；价格降低 
a steep decline in sales 销售额的陡降 
a sharp decline in educational standards 教育水平的急剧下滑
a steady decline in manufacturing 制造业的持续衰退 
economic, urban decline 经济衰退；城市衰落 
the moral decline of the nation 这个民族的道德沦丧 
national decline 民族衰落 
the decline of business 生意下滑 
the decline and fall of a great civilization 一个伟大文明的衰落
Support for the party continues to decline. 对该党的支持继续下降。
Her health was declining rapidly. 她的健康状况迅速恶化。
The economy has declined sharply in recent years. 近几年经济急剧下滑。
The market for these products is declining fast. 这些产品的市场正在迅速萎缩。
to decline an offer, to decline an invitation 谢绝对方的主动帮助；谢绝对方的邀请 
I offered to give them a lift but they declined. 我主动邀请他们搭车，但他们婉言谢绝了。
Their spokesman declined to comment on the allegations. 他们的发言人拒绝对这些指控加以评论。

adj. 用口的，或与口腔有关的:
n. 1 [C] [尤英]（尤指外语考试中的）口试:
2 [C] [美] 大学里的口试:
adj. 常作前置定语，指口头的（而非书面的）:
adj.（语音）由口腔发出的（而非通过鼻腔震动来发声）:
oral |['ɔ:rəl]
oral hygiene 口腔卫生
He failed the French oral. 他法语口试不及格。
a test of both oral and written French 法语口试和笔试 
oral evidence 口头证据 
oral history 口述历史 
the written and oral traditions of ancient cultures 古代文化的文字记载和口述传统

the state or fact of being impaired, especially in a specified faculty:受损的状态或事实，尤其是在特定的教职员工中
impairment |ɪmˈpɛːm(ə)nt| Noun/:,减值
a degree of physical or mental impairment:一定程度的身体或精神障碍

a condition characterized by progressive or persistent loss of intellectual functioning, especially with impairment of memory and abstract thinking, and often with personality change, resulting from organic disease of the brain.:一种以智力功能的渐进性或持续性丧失为特征的病症，尤其是记忆力和抽象思维受损，并且通常伴有由大脑器质性疾病引起的人格改变。
dementia |dɪˈmɛnʃə| Noun/:失智

n. 1 [U, C]（对事物的）分析；分析得出的结果:
2 [U, C] 对物质进行的分析（以发现其成分）:
n. [U] 精神分析（或疗法）；心理分析（或疗法），相当于psychoanalysis:
analysis |[ə'nælɪsɪs;ə'næləsɪs]
The book is an analysis of poverty and its causes. 这本书分析了贫困及其成因。
comparative, critical, qualitative, quantitative analysis 比较分析；批判分析；定性分析；定量分析 
financial, strategic, structural analysis 财务分析；战略分析；结构分析 
content, data analysis 内容分析；数据分析 
chemical, genetic analysis 化学分析；基因分析 
The blood samples are sent to the laboratory for analysis. 血样要送往实验室进行分析。
In analysis the individual resolves difficult emotional conflicts. 在心理分析治疗法中，个人可以化解严重的情感冲突。

vi. 涉及某人或某事物:
vi. 包括某人或某事物:
vt. 使…持续更长时间:
vi. 持续某一时长:
vt. 使…更长，即延长:
vt. 使…空间上更大，即扩大、扩展:
vt. 扩大（业务、思想、影响等的）范围:
vt. 伸展，舒展，展开身体部位（尤指手臂或腿脚）:
The man extended his hand: 'I'm Chuck'. 那名男子伸出手说道:
vt. [常用被动式] 使某事物竭尽全力:
vi. 适用于某人或某事物:
vi.（设备、家具等）展开，伸展:
vi.（物体从一个平面或地方）伸出、凸出:
vt. 使某事物达到某事物，使某事物拉长:
vi. 覆盖某一范围、距离:
vi. 适用于某人或某事物:
vt. [正式] ~ sth to sb 将某事物给予某人:
vt. [常用被动式] 使某人竭尽全力:
extend |[ɪkˈstend]
The talks will extend to the church, human rights groups and other social organizations. 会谈将涉及教会、人权团体和其他社会组织。
His willingness to help did not extend beyond making a few phone calls. 他的乐意帮助只不过限于打几个电话罢了。
The offer does not extend to employees' partners. 这项优惠不包括雇员的伴侣。
The service also extends to wrapping and delivering gifts. 服务项目还包括包装和递送礼物。
His willingness to help did not extend beyond making a few phone calls. 他的乐意帮助只不过限于打几个电话罢了。
to extend a deadline, to extend a visa 延长最后期限；延长签证 
an extended contract 延期的合同 
The repayment period will be extended from 20 years to 25 years. 偿还期将从20年延长到25年。
The show has been extended for another six weeks. 展览会又延长了六周。
They have extended the deadline by twenty-four hours. 他们已经将最后期限延长了24小时。
Careful maintenance can extend the life of your car. 精心保养可延长汽车寿命。
His writing career extended over a period of 40 years. 他的写作生涯超过了40年。
a playing career in first-class cricket that extended from 1894 to 1920 从1894年延续至1920年的板球甲级比赛职业生涯 
The courses are based on a weekly two-hour class, extending over a period of 25 weeks. 这些课程每周上一节课，每节两个小时，持续25周。
to extend a road 延长公路
to extend a fence, to extend a house 扩建护栏；扩建房屋 
The building was extended in 1500. 那座建筑于1500年扩建。
There are plans to extend the no-smoking area. 现已有扩大无烟区的计划。
The company plans to extend its operations into Europe. 公司打算将业务扩展到欧洲。
This year they have introduced three new products to extend their range. 今年他们发布了三种新产品，以扩大产品范围。
Next year we will greatly extend the range of goods that we sell. 明年我们将大幅扩展所售商品的范围。
The school is extending the range of subjects taught. 学校正在拓宽授课学科的范围。
The country's power extends far beyond its military capabilities. 该国国力远远大于其军事力量。
He extended his hand to (= offered to shake hands with) the new employee. 他伸出手来与新雇员握手。
to extend the hand of friendship to (= try to have good relations with) another country（比喻用法）向另一个国家伸出友谊之手
Hospitals were already fully extended because of the epidemic. 这场流行病已使各医院以最大负荷运转。
It might be possible to extend the technique to other crop plants. 也许可以将这种技术应用于其他农作物。
a table which extends to accommodate extra guests 展开后可坐更多客人的桌子 
The table extends to 220cm. 桌子伸展后长220厘米。
A shelf of land extended from the escarpment. 悬崖上凸出一块空地。
to extend a rope between two posts 在两根柱子间拉根绳子
Our land extends as far as the river. 我们的土地一直延伸到河边。
The caves extend for some 18 kilometres. 那些洞穴深约18公里。
The main stem will extend to around 12ft, if left to develop naturally. 如果任其自然生长，主干可以长到约12英尺。
It might be possible to extend the technique to other crop plants. 也许可以将这种技术应用于其他农作物。
I'm sure you will join me in extending a very warm welcome to our visitors. 我肯定你们会同我一起向我们的客人表示热烈的欢迎。
to extend hospitality to overseas students 殷勤款待外国留学生 
to extend an invitation 发出邀请 
The bank refused to extend credit to them (= to lend them money). 银行拒绝向他们提供信贷。
Jim didn't really have to extend himself in the exam. 吉姆大可不必为这次考试那么拼命。

vt.（一种情况、一个事件或活动）牵涉或影响某事物:
vt.（一种情况、一个事件或活动）牵涉或影响某人:
vt. ~ sb (in sth) 用言行来表明某人参与某事（尤指表明其参与了犯罪）。相当于implicate:
vt.（一种情况、一个事件或活动）牵涉或影响某事物。有时可翻译为“需要”，相当于entail:
vt. ~ sb (in sth/in doing sth) 使某人参加、加入、介入:
vt.（一种情况、一个事件或活动）牵涉或影响某事物。有时可翻译为“包含”:
vt. ~ sb (in sth) 使某人卷入某事:
involve |[ɪnˈvɒlv;美ɪnˈvɑ:lv]
Many of the crimes involved drugs. 许多罪案都与毒品有关。
A late booking may involve you in extra cost. 预订晚了的话你可能要额外多花钱。
There was a serious incident involving a group of youths. 有一起涉及一群年轻人的严重事件。
How many vehicles were involved in the crash? 这次撞车事故涉及多少辆汽车？
If there was a cover-up, it involved people at the very highest levels of government. 如果有人想要隐瞒实情，那其中就涉及政府部门最高层的人物。
a riot involving a hundred inmates 有一百名囚犯参与的暴动 
His confession involved a number of other politicians in the affair. 他的自白供出其他一些政治人物也涉及此事。
I didn't mean to involve you in all this. 我没打算把你牵连进来。
Many of the crimes involved drugs. 许多罪案都与毒品有关。
The job involves me travelling all over the country. 这份工作需要我在全国各地跑。
The job involves my travelling all over the country.（正式）这份工作需要我在全国各地跑。
This involved me in a round trip of over 400 miles. 为此我需要往返旅行 400 多英里。
The reforms will inevitably involve a lot of new paperwork for teachers. 改革难免需要教师做大量新的书面工作。
Running a kitchen involves a great deal of discipline and speed. 料理好厨房需要把一切都安排得规规矩矩，且要讲求速度。
Nicky's job as a public relations director involves spending quite a lot of time with other people. 尼基作为公共关系主管，需要花很多时间与别人打交道。
We want to involve as many people as possible in the celebrations. 我们希望参加庆典的人越多越好。
Parents should involve themselves in their child's education. 父母应当参与孩子的教育。
methods that actively involve students in learning 各种使学生积极学习的方法 
Noel and I do everything together, he involves me in everything. 我和诺埃尔什么事情都一起做，他让我参与所有的事。
Before too long he started involving me in the more confidential aspects of the job. 不久,他便开始让我介入工作中更机密的方面。
The test will involve answering questions about a photograph. 考试将包括回答一些关于一张照片的问题。
Inventions typically involve minor improvements in technology. 发明创造往往包含技术上的改进。
Any investment involves an element of risk. 任何投资都有一定的风险。            
I seem to have involved myself in something I don't understand. 我似乎卷入了一件我并不知情的事情当中。

vt. 贬低或轻视某人或某事物:
vt.&vi.（使）…减少:
vt.&vi.（使）减弱等:
diminish |[dɪˈmɪnɪʃ]
I don't wish to diminish the importance of their contribution. 我并不想贬低他们所作贡献的重要性。
He never put her down or diminished her. 他从未奚落或贬低过她。
He could no longer cope; he relied on me, and felt diminished by it. 他再也无法承受，他依赖我，却因此觉得是受了轻贱。
to diminish proportion, to diminish in size 减小比例；减小尺寸 
number diminish 数字减低 
The world's resources are rapidly diminishing. 世界资源正在迅速减少。
Our efforts were producing diminishing returns (= we achieved less although we spent more time or money). 我们不断投入，收益却在递减。
A stable currency means that your savings do not diminish in value. 稳定的货币意味着你的存款不会贬值。           
to diminish importance, to diminish impact, to diminish usefulness, to diminish prospect, to diminish reputation, to diminish stature 减弱重要性；减弱影响力；减弱实用性；减弱前景；减弱声誉；减弱声望 
hysteria diminish, likelihood diminish 歇斯底里减弱；相似性减弱 
His influence has diminished with time. 随着时间的推移，他的影响已不如从前了。
The threat of nuclear war has diminished. 核战争的威胁已经减弱了。
Federalism is intended to diminish the power of the central state. 联邦制旨在削弱中央政府的权力。          

n. [C, U] 职能:
n. [C, U] 作用，功能，机能，职能。是“功能”的常规用词:
vi.（作为某物而）起作用:
vi.（系统等）运转。与operate存在较大的交集，不过function更强调“发挥作用”:
n. [C] 大型正式的社交宴会。不常用:
n. [C] 大型正式的社交聚会。不常用:
n. [C] 在计算机的一个程序中，可指该程序下执行一项基本操作的一个子程序，即子例行程序，子例程:
n. [C] 函数:
vi.（机器）运转。是一个相对正式的用法:
n. [C, U] 身体功能，机能。是此义的一个基础用词，较为常用:
vi.（身体）运转:
function |['fʌŋkʃn]
All members carry out their own particular functions. 所有成员都有各自的职责要履行。
form and function 形式和功能 
The committee has a dual function, both advisory and regulatory. 这个委员会具有咨询和监管双重职能。
All members carry out their own particular functions. 所有成员都有各自的职责要履行。
The club serves a useful function as a meeting place. 这个俱乐部是一个会面的好地方。
This room will function as a office. 这间屋子将作为一间办公室。 
a system in which judges function independently of politics 一套使法官行使其职权时完全不受政治影响的体制 
The organization functions primarily through volunteer efforts. 这个组织主要通过志愿者发挥作用。
This model does not describe accurately the way a market economy actually functions. 这一模型没有准确地说明市场经济实际是怎样运行的。
The city is still functioning. 这座城市仍在运转。
a private function hosted by him 由他做东的一场私人宴会 
functions such as weddings 如婚宴等的社交宴会
charity, official, social function 慈善活动；官方活动；社交活动 
the hotel’s function room 酒店的多功能厅
Salary is a function of age and experience.（比喻用法）工资水平取决于年龄和经验。
a functioning computer 一台功能正常的电脑 
All the instruments were functioning normally. 所有仪器都在正常工作。
brain, liver, mental function 脑功能；肝功能；心智功能 
I can’t function properly without a coffee. 不喝咖啡我无法正常工作。
Problems arise when the body’s immune system is not functioning adequately. 免疫系统不能充分发挥作用时，身体就会出现问题。
My brain could barely function through the pain. 我疼得大脑几乎无法思考了。

a removable plate or frame holding one or more artificial teeth:一个可拆卸的板或框架，可容纳一颗或多颗人造牙齿
denture |ˈdɛntʃə| Noun/:denture,falsetooth
ideally, dentures should be renewed every three or four years:理想情况下，假牙应该每三四年更换一次

vt. ~ sth (to sb) 使某事为人所知:
vt. 显露出先前不能被看到的事物:
reveal |[rɪˈvi:l]
to reveal a secret 泄露一条秘密 
She has refused to reveal the whereabouts of her daughter. 她不肯透露她女儿的行踪。
Details of the murder were revealed by the local paper. 地方报纸披露了谋杀的细节。
Officers could not reveal how he died. 警察们不能透露他的死因。
It was revealed that important evidence had been suppressed. 据透露，重要的证据被隐瞒了。
The report reveals (that) the company made a loss of £20 million last year. 报告显示，公司去年亏损2 000万英镑。
A survey of the British diet has revealed that a growing number of people are overweight. 对英国人饮食进行的一项调查显示有越来越多的人超重。
He laughed, revealing a line of white teeth. 他笑了起来，露出一排洁白的牙齿。
A grey carpet was removed to reveal the original pine floor. 一块灰色的地毯被揭开，露出了原来的松木地板。
The door opened to reveal a cosy little room. 房门打开，一间温暖舒适的小屋展现在眼前。
She crouched in the dark, too frightened to reveal herself. 她蜷缩在黑暗中，吓得不敢露面。

vt.（通过定期检查或维修来）保养、养护建筑物、机器等:
vt. 使某事继续保持在相同的水平上，如维持、保持:
vt. 通过给与金钱、食物等来供养…很长一段时间:
vt. ~ that（在别人不同意的情况下）坚称…:
maintain |[meɪnˈteɪn]
The house is large and difficult to maintain. 房子很大，难以养护。
The house costs a fortune to maintain. 维修这幢房子花销不菲。
a poorly maintained central heating system 养护不力的中央供暖系统 
a tough campaign to force authorities to maintain roads properly 迫使当局妥善维修道路的艰难斗争
They are looking to cut costs while simultaneously maintaining the existing levels of service. 他们考虑要在保持现有服务水平的同时降低成本。
to maintain prices (= prevent them falling or rising) 维持价格的稳定 
The government was right to maintain interest rates at a high level. 政府维持高利率的做法是正确的。
to ensure standards are maintained at as high a level as possible 确保标准维持在尽量高的水平上 
Commercial aircraft generally maintain cabin altitudes between 6 000 and 8 000 feet. 商务飞机座舱高度通常保持在6,000到8,000英尺之间。
This pace cannot be maintained indefinitely. 这样的速度不可能无限期地保持下去。
The government's position became increasingly difficult to maintain. 政府的地位越来越难以维持。
The company has easily maintained its position as the leading brand in the money-transfer business. 该公司轻松保持了在转账业务领域的领军地位。
We are anxious to maintain our close links with the police. 我们渴望与警方保持密切联系。
The Department maintains many close contacts with the chemical industry. 这个部门与化工行业保持着众多密切的联系。
The two countries have always maintained close relations. 这两个国家一直保持着密切关系。
Push yourself to make friends and to maintain the friendships. 要求自己与人交友并保持友谊。
He successfully maintained the financial health of the company. 他成功地维持了公司财务的健康运行。
He emphasized the need to maintain the status quo. 他强调了保持现状的必要性。
to maintain law and order 维持治安 
to maintain a balance 保持平衡 
She maintained a dignified silence.（正式）她一言不发，以保持尊严。
the basic costs of maintaining a child 抚养一个孩子的基本费用 
Her income was barely enough to maintain one child, let alone three. 她的收入养活一个孩子几乎都不够，更不用说三个了。
He should pay and maintain you as well. 他得给你钱，还得供养你。
He has maintained that the money was donated for international purposes. 他坚称这笔捐款将用于国际用途。
Prosecutors maintain no deal was made. 原告坚持说不存在任何交易。           

n. [C] 一些组织机构、俱乐部等的负责人，即会长、主席等（也可用President）:
n. [C] 银行或商业公司的负责人，即银行行长或公司董事长、总裁，尤用于北美英语:
n. [C] 大学的负责人，即校长、院长等（也可用President）:
n. [C] 共和政体的总统或国家主席（也可用President）:
president |['prezɪdənt]['prezɪdənt]
president of the students’ union 学生会主席 
honorary president 名誉主席 
association, club president 协会会长；俱乐部主席 
council president（美）理事会主席
the bank president 银行行长 
the president of Columbia Pictures 哥伦比亚影业公司董事长 
company president（美）公司总裁
college, university president（均美）学院院长；大学校长
American president 美国总统 
Democratic president 民主党总统 
vice president（美）（英用vice-president）副总统 
former, previous president 前总统 
party president（英）政党主席

lasting or remaining in a particular state throughout a person's life:在一个人的一生中持续或保持在一个特定的状态
lifelong |ˈlʌɪflɒŋ| Adjective/:终身,终生
the two men were to remain lifelong friends:这两个人要做一辈子的朋友

relating to or concerned with the interaction of social and economic factors:有关或关注社会和经济因素的相互作用
socio-economic |ˌsəʊʃɪəʊiːkəˈnɒmɪk| Adjective/:社会经济,经济社会
socio-economic change:社会经济变化

n. [U] access (to sth) 见到（或接触到）某人或某事物的机会或权利:
vt. [正式] 到达（或进入）某事物:
vt. [正式] 使用某事物:
n. [U] access (to sth) 使用某事物的机会或权利:
vt. 访问或存取计算机文件（即打开一份计算机文件以获取或添加信息）:
n. [U] access (to sth) 使用某种信息技术的机会或权利:
vt. [正式] 使用某事物:
n. [U] access (to sth) 使用某事物的机会或权利:
n. [U] access (to sth) 进入（或达到）某地的一种途径:
access |['ækses]
Journalists were denied access to the President. 记者被挡住，无法见到总统。
Many divorced fathers only have access to their children at weekends. 很多离婚父亲只有在周末才有权见到自己的孩子。
access to confidential information 接触机密情报的机会 
He was finally granted access to the medical records. 他最终获准查看病例。
The loft can be accessed by a ladder. 搭梯子可以上阁楼。
Students must have access to good resources. 学生们一定有机会使用好的资源。
Students have easy access to libraries. 学生享用图书馆的资源很方便。
Access to this information is severely restricted. 这一信息的使用受到极为严格的限制。
Men and women should have equal access to education. 男女应当享有平等的受教育权。
to access confidential files 存取机密文件 
You need a password to get access to the computer system. 使用这个计算机系统需要口令。
broadband, Internet, wireless access 宽带接入；互联网接入；无线接入
Students must have access to good resources. 学生们一定有机会使用好的资源。
Students have easy access to libraries. 学生享用图书馆的资源很方便。
Access to this information is severely restricted. 这一信息的使用受到极为严格的限制。
Men and women should have equal access to education. 男女应当享有平等的受教育权。
There is good wheelchair access to most facilities. 坐轮椅可以方便地到达多数设施。
The police gained access through a broken window. 警察从一扇破窗户里钻了进去。
The only access to the farmhouse is across the fields. 去那农舍的唯一通路是穿过田野。
public access 公共通道 
vehicle, vehicular（英）access 车辆专用通道 
access road, access route（进出某处的）行车通道；进入的路线

relating to the teeth:关于牙齿
relating to dentistry:
(of a consonant) pronounced with the tip of the tongue against the upper front teeth (as th) or the alveolar ridge (as n, d, t).:（辅音）用舌尖抵住上门牙（如th）或牙槽嵴（如n、d、t）发音。
a dental consonant.:a牙辅音。
dental |ˈdɛnt(ə)l| Adjective/Noun/:牙科,牙科的
dental health:牙齿健康
dental councils:牙科委员会

n. [U] 生物吸收营养的过程:
nutrition |[nju:'trɪʃn]
sources of nutrition 营养来源 
adequate nutrition 足够的营养 
human nutrition 人体营养 
nutrition facts, nutrition information 营养成分表 
nutrition consultant 营养师 
nutrition research 营养研究 

adj. 1（某人的坏习惯或行为）积习难改的、难以根除的:
2（局势或问题）长期存在的、难以根除的:
adj. 1（疾病）长期的、难以治愈的，即慢性的:
2 长期患病的:
adj. [英，非正式] 糟透的:
chronic |[ˈkrɒnɪk;美ˈkrɑ:n-]
Anyone who does not believe that smoking is an addiction has never been a chronic smoker. 不相信抽烟能上瘾的人肯定不是老烟民。
a chronic worrier 总是忧心忡忡的人 
the country's chronic unemployment problem 该国长期存在的失业问题 
a chronic shortage of housing in rural areas 农村地区住房的长期匮乏 
There is a chronic shortage of patrol cars in this police district. 这个治安辖区严重缺乏巡逻车辆。
One cause of the artist's suicide seems to have been chronic poverty. 那位艺术家自杀的一个原因似乎是极端贫困。
chronic bronchitis, chronic arthritis, chronic asthma 慢性支气管炎；慢性关节炎；慢性哮喘 
chronic back pain 慢性背痛 
chronic alcoholic, chronic depressive 慢性酒精中毒者；长期抑郁症患者
The film was just chronic. 这部电影简直糟透了。

vt. 能满足某人…的需要。强调一种功用性:
vi. serve (as sth) 产生某种效果或结果:
vt.＆vi. [尤英] 在商店或酒吧等场所中接待或服务顾客（即帮助顾客或向其售卖商品）:
vt. serve sb (with sth) 向某地或某一群体提供产品或服务:
vi. serve (as sth) 可用作某一用途（尤指别无选择时）:
serve sb sth（例如在餐馆或用餐期间）给某人提供或端上食物或饮料:
vt.（食物的量）足够…吃:
vi. serve (as sth) 可用作某一用途（尤指别无选择时）:
vt.＆vi. 体育运动（如网球等）中可指发球:
n. [C] 体育运动（如网球）中的发球:
serve (under/with sb)（为一个人、组织或国家等而）工作或履行职责，可称为效力（尤指作为公务员或军人而效力）:
2 serve (as sth) 在某一工作中的任期为…；某一工作的培训期为…:
serve (under/with sb)（军人为国家而）效力，服役:
vt.（在监狱中）服刑一段时间:
serve sb with sth 法律中可指把官方文件送达某人，尤指送达要求对方出庭的文件:
vt. 对某人实现或达成…有用；能满足某人…的需要:
serve |[sə:v]
to serve the needs of customers 满足顾客的需要
The punishment will serve as a warning to others. 这种惩罚将起到杀一儆百的作用。
The attack was unsuccessful and served only to alert the enemy. 进攻未奏效，反而使敌人警觉起来。
This only served to complicate the situation further. 这只使得局面更加复杂。
The Declaration served primarily as a propaganda piece. 宣言主要起宣传作用。
This strategy has always served him well. 这个策略他屡试不爽。
if memory serves me right … 如果我没记错…
She was serving behind the counter. 她在柜台服务。
They wouldn’t serve me in any bars. 任何酒吧都不肯接待我。
The town is well served with buses and major road links. 这座城市乘坐公交车很方便，与干线公路的联接也很发达。
The centre will serve the whole community. 该中心将为整个社区提供服务。
Let us know how we can better serve your needs. 请对我们的服务提出宝贵意见。
The sofa will serve as a bed for a night or two. 沙发可以当床凑合一两晚。
She ushered me into the front room, which served as her office. 她领我进入前厅，那儿被用作她的办公室了。
vt.＆vi. serve sth (with sth) 
serve sth (to sb) 
Breakfast is served between 7 and 10 a.m. 早餐供应时间为从7点到10点。
They were served with a wonderful meal. 他们受到款待，吃了一顿美味佳肴。
Pour the sauce over the pasta and serve immediately. 把沙司浇在意大利面上就立刻端上桌。
Shall I serve? 现在上菜好吗？
‘Dinner is served!’ Katie announced.“开饭了！”凯蒂大声通报。
This dish will serve four. 这盘菜够四个人吃。 
The sofa will serve as a bed for a night or two. 沙发可以当床凑合一两晚。
She ushered me into the front room, which served as her office. 她领我进入前厅，那儿被用作她的办公室了。
Who’s serving? 谁发球？
She served an ace. 她发球直接得分。
His serve clipped the net. 他的发球擦到了球网。
powerful serve 有力的发球
vt.＆vi. 1 serve (sb) (as sth) 
serve (in/on/with sth) 
to serve in the military 在军队服役 
soldiers who serve their country 效忠国家的士兵 
to serve the community 为社区服务 
She is currently serving as special adviser to the American Ambassador. 她目前是美国大使的特别顾问。
to serve as a trustee 履行受托人的职责 
to serve in the medical corps 在医疗队工作 
I currently serve on the Board of Directors. 我目前是董事会成员。
serve on the jury 是陪审团成员 
He served the family faithfully for many years. 他忠心耿耿，伺候这家人这么多年。
He served a one-year apprenticeship. 他做了一年的学徒。
He was elected to serve as secretary of the local party. 他当选为地方党组织的书记。
vt.＆vi. serve (sb) (as sth) 
serve (in/on/with sth) 
to serve in the military 在军队服役 
soldiers who have served their country well for many years 忠心效力国家多年的士兵们 
He served with 92nd Airborne. 他在第92空降师服役。
He served as a captain with distinction in the army. 他曾是一名战功赫赫的陆军上尉。
to serve a life sentence for murder 因犯有谋杀罪而服无期徒刑
vt. serve sth (on sb) 
to serve summons on sb 把传票送达某人 
Immigration officers tried to serve her with a deportation order. 移民局官员试图向她送达驱逐令。
These experiments serve no useful purpose. 这些实验没有任何实际意义。
to best serve the needs of customers 最能满足顾客的需要 
His linguistic ability served him well in his chosen profession. 他的语言能力对他所选择的职业有很大帮助。
