regret					为...懊悔，遗憾
livelihood				生计
unrest					动乱
loot					桩物，抢劫
vandalism				破坏行为
official				官员的
among					在...中
turbulence				揣流，动荡
trigger					板机
imprisonment			监禁
defy					反抗，激，使不可能
court					法庭
order					条理，状况，顺序，命令
testify					作证
corruption				腐化堕落
inquiry					询问，调查
scar					疤，瑕疵
extensive				大范围的
allegation				指责，指控
graft					移植，艰苦的工作，贿赂
nevertheless			尽管如此
retain					保留，记住，挡住
royal					王室的
follow					跟随，继承
grievance				不平的事，委屈
failure					失败
uphold					维持
promise					承诺，希望
democratic				民主制度的
interview				面试，面谈
situation				情况，位置
suck					吸食
necessity				必要，必需品
dire					可怕的，急迫的
suffer					遭受，忍受
predate					早于
lay off					解雇，停止
salary					薪水
slash					砍伤，切口，削减
disillusionment			幻想破灭
uplift					振奋
protest					抗议，抱怨
\\\\\\\\

n. [U, C] 对于已发生的某事（或自己已做过或未曾做过的事）所怀有的一种悲伤或失望的心情，即痛惜、后悔、遗憾、失望:
vt. 对自己已做过（或曾经未能做过）的事感到遗憾，后悔:
vt.＆vi. [正式] 用于礼貌或正式地表示你对某一情况感到抱歉、痛惜或悲伤:
regret |[rɪ'ɡret]
It is with great regret that I accept your resignation. 接受你的辞呈，我感到非常遗憾。
She expressed deep regret at the incident. 对这一事件，她深表遗憾。
It is with deep regret that we announce the death of Mr Fred Fisher. 我们沉痛地宣布弗雷德·费舍尔先生的死讯。
She expressed her regret at the decision. 她对这个决定表示失望。
I have absolutely no regrets about resigning. 对辞职一事，我一点儿都不后悔。
What is your greatest regret? 你最大的遗憾是什么？ 
If you don’t do it now, you’ll only regret it. 你如果现在不做，以后一定会后悔的。
I deeply regret what I said. 我非常后悔说了那些话。
The airline regrets any inconvenience. 航空公司对所造成的任何不便表示歉意。
I regret that I am unable to accept your kind invitation. 很遗憾，我不能接受你的友好邀请。
We regret to inform you that your application has not been successful. 我们很遗憾地通知您，您的申请未通过。
It is to be regretted that so many young people leave school without qualifications. 遗憾的是那么多年轻人不能毕业。

n. [C, usually sing., U] 赚钱谋生的手段、生计、营生、工作:
livelihood |[ˈlaɪvlihʊd]
fishermen who depend on the seas for their livelihood 靠大海为生的渔夫 
Fishing provides a livelihood for many people. 捕鱼为许多人提供了生计。
an insurance policy to secure your livelihood in old age 使您晚年生活有保障的保险单 
The new law threatens the livelihood of thousands of farmers. 新法律对数以千计农民的生计造成威胁。
people whose livelihood depends on the forest 靠森林生活的人们 
a means of livelihood, a source of livelihood 谋生手段；生活来源 
The boat was his main source of livelihood. 这条船是他主要的生活来源。
As a result of this conflict he lost both his home and his means of livelihood. 这场冲突使他同时失去了住所和生计来源。

n. [U] 动荡的政治局势（人们愤怒、且倾向于抗议或打斗），可称为骚乱:
unrest |[ʌn'rest]
civil, economic, racial, industrial, labour/labor, political, social unrest 平民动乱；经济动荡；种族骚乱；行业动荡；劳工骚乱；政治动荡；社会动乱 
peasant, student unrest 农民暴动；学潮 
domestic, internal unrest 国内的动乱；内部的动乱 
popular, public unrest 民众骚乱 
Many businesses were looted during the unrest. 很多店铺在骚乱中被抢。

n. [U] [非正式] 钱:
n. [U] 士兵在战斗胜利后得到的战利品、掠夺品:
n. [U] [非正式] 被盗贼窃取的钱或物品，即赃物、被盗物:
vt.&vi.（战争、暴乱、火灾等发生时或发生后）劫掠商店或民宅:
vt.&vi.（战争、暴乱、火灾等发生时或发生后）掠夺或抢劫财物:
loot |[lu:t]
Most criminals steal in order to sell their loot for cash on the black market. 罪犯盗窃大多是为了把赃物在黑市上卖掉，换取现金。
More than 20 shops were looted. 有20多家商店遭到了抢劫。
The trouble began when gangs began breaking windows and looting shops. 一些团伙开始破窗抢劫商店时发生了骚乱。
There have been reports of youths taking advantage of the general confusion to loot and steal. 有报道说一些年轻人乘局势一片混乱之际抢劫盗窃。
The town has been plagued by armed thugs who have looted food supplies and terrorized the population. 武装暴徒抢掠食物、恐吓群众，该镇居民深受其苦。
lists of looted material ranging from tanks to office fittings 被劫物资清单上，从油桶到办公设施都有

n. [U]（尤指对公共财产的）故意破坏，捣毁:
vandalism |[ˈvændəlɪzəm]
an act of vandalism 恣意破环公共财物的行为 
a 13-year-old boy whose crime file includes violence, theft, vandalism and bullying 集暴力犯罪、偷窃、故意破坏公共财产和流氓行径等罪行于一身的13岁男孩 
mindless, wanton vandalism 盲目的破坏行为；肆意的破坏行为 
minor, petty vandalism 不严重的破坏行为；轻微的破坏行为 
cultural, environmental vandalism 故意破坏文化的行为；故意破坏环境的行为 
vandalism attack, vandalism spree（均英）故意破坏者的袭击；疯狂的故意破坏行为 
The troublemakers embarked on a £30 000 vandalism spree. 这帮闹事者开始了疯狂的破坏行为，造成3万英镑的损失。

n. [C] 常构成复合词，指一个大组织中的官员、要员:
adj. 1 公职的，公务的，即与一定的官方职位相关的，只作前置定语:
2 尤指处于官方职位的人所说、所做或所同意的，即官方的、正式的、官方授权的，常作前置定语:
3 被告知公众（但未必真实）的，即据官方的，只作前置定语:
4 正式，且有官方人员出席的，即官方场合的，只作前置定语。与unofficial相反:
n. [C] 常构成复合词，指政府官员、政府要员:
official |[ə'fɪʃl][ə'fɪʃl]
high-ranking official 高级职员 
junior, minor official 初级职员；小职员 
administration, departmental official 行政主管；部门主管 
the official responsible for handling the case 负责处理此案的官员 
corrupt official 贪官 
bank, company, union official 银行官员；公司官员；工会官员
official responsibilities 公务 
the Prime Minister’s official residence 首相官邸 
official engagement 公务 
to make an official visit to Paris 到巴黎进行一次公务访问 
official announcement, official statement, official decision 官方公告；官方声明；官方决定 
official figures 官方数字 
according to official statistics 根据官方统计 
official inquiry 官方调查 
official language 官方语言 
The news is not yet official. 这消息尚未经官方证实。
the official version of the event 此事的官方版本 
official story 官方说法 
official function, official reception 官方聚会；官方招待会 
official opening 正式开幕
high-ranking, prominent, senior, top official 高级职员；高级官员；要员 
junior, minor official 初级职员；小职员 
local, provincial official 地方官员；省级官员 
public official 公务员 
administration, departmental, federal, government, state official 行政主管；部门主管；联邦要员；政府要员；州要员 
the official responsible for handling the case 负责处理此案的官员 
corrupt official 贪官 
council, court, customs, intelligence, military, ministry（尤英）, royal official 议会官员；法院官员；海关官员；情报官员；军方官员；部级官员；王室官员

prep. 在三者或三者以上的人或事物中分配或选择某事物:
prep. 被包括在（或发生在）一群事物或人之中，即…之一:
prep. 被某人或某事物包围着；在某人或某事物中间:
among |[ə'mʌŋ]
They divided the money up among the children. 他们把钱分给了孩子们。
A British woman was among the survivors. 幸存者中有一名英国妇女。
‘What was wrong with the job?’ ‘Well, the pay wasn’t good, among other things.’ “这份工作有什么不好吗？”“嗯，别的不说，工资就不怎么样。” 
Discuss it among yourselves first (= with each other). 你们自己先讨论一下。
a house among the trees 树林中的一座房子 
They strolled among the crowds. 他们在人群中信步而行。
I found the letter amongst his papers. 我在他的文件中找到这封信。
It’s OK, you’re among friends now. 好了，现在你的周围都是朋友了。

n. [U] 空气和水在流动时的一系列突然剧烈的方向变化，如湍流、涡流:
n. [U] 骚乱、动乱、动荡:
turbulence |[ˈtɜ:bjələns;美ˈtɜ:rb-]
We experienced severe turbulence during the flight. 我们在飞行中遇到了强烈的气流。
His plane encountered severe turbulence and winds of nearly two-hundred miles an hour. 他的飞机遭遇强气流和时速近 200 英里的强风。           
The 1960s and early 1970s were a time of change and turbulence. 20 世纪整个 60 年代和 70 年代初期是风云变幻、动荡不安的一个时期。
a region often beset by political turbulence 经常遭受政治动乱的一个地区           

vt. ~ sth (off) 使某事突然发生，即引发:
~ (to sth/to do sth)（尤指引发不良反应或发展的）起因，诱因:
vt. 使一个装置启动:
n. 1 [C] 枪的扳机:
2 [C] 炸弹的引爆器:
trigger |[ˈtrɪgə(r)]
the incident which triggered the outbreak of the First World War 导致第一次世界大战爆发的事件 
The current recession was triggered by a slump in consumer spending 目前的经济衰退是由消费支出骤跌引起的。
Nuts can trigger off a violent allergic reaction. 坚果可以引起严重的过敏反应。
The trigger for the strike was the closure of yet another factory. 触发这次罢工的是另一家工厂的关闭。
Stress may act as a trigger for these illnesses. 压力可能会成为引发这些疾病的原因。
to trigger an alarm 触发警报器 
The bomb was triggered by a wire. 那颗炸弹是由一根导线引爆的。
to pull/squeeze the trigger 扣动扳机 
He kept his finger on the trigger. 他的手指一直勾着扳机。
Her finger tightened on the trigger as she heard footsteps approaching. 她听到脚步声越来越近，便用手指紧扣扳机。
trigger devices for nuclear weapons 核武器的引爆器

n. [U] 监禁、关押（在监狱中或其它地方）:
imprisonment |[ɪmˈprɪznmənt]
false, unlawful（尤英）, wrongful imprisonment 不正当关押；非法囚禁 
to be sentenced to life imprisonment for murder 因犯谋杀罪被判终身监禁 
Anyone committing the offence is liable to imprisonment. 任何犯此罪的人都有可能被监禁。
The coup leaders could face life imprisonment. 政变头目可能面临终身监禁。
Those who were captured suffered imprisonment. 被抓获的人遭到了监禁。
She was sentenced to seven years' imprisonment. 她被判处 7 年监禁。
The judge sentenced her to 6 months imprisonment suspended for 15 months. 法官判处她6个月监禁，缓期15个月。
imprisonment for illegal possession of weapons 因非法拥有武器而入狱 
imprisonment without trial 未经审判的监禁 
a term of imprisonment 监禁的期限 
The offence carries a penalty of 2 years' imprisonment. 此罪需要面临两年监禁。
a felony punishable by imprisonment 可判处监禁的重罪 
the prospect of imprisonment 坐牢的可能性

vt. 拒绝服从当权者、法律、规则等，即违抗:
vt. ~ belief, explanation, description, etc. 不可能（或无法）相信、解释、描绘等:
vt. I ~ you/anyone to do sth 挑战、激、认为…不敢（或无法）做:
vt. 经受住、顶住:
defy |[dɪˈfaɪ]
Journalists were openly defying the authorities. 新闻记者公然藐视当局。
He is willing to defy his own party. 他自愿违抗自己的党派。
The protesters continued to defy a court injunction. 抗议者继续藐视法庭的一项禁制令。
to defy the law 藐视法律 
I wouldn't have dared to defy my teachers. 我可不敢不听老师的话。
Hundreds of people today defied the ban on political gatherings. 今天有数百人违抗禁止政治集会的规定。
This was the first (and last) time that I dared to defy my mother. 这是我第一次(也是最后一次)胆敢反抗我的母亲。
Nearly eleven-thousand people have been arrested for defying the ban on street trading. 将近有1.1万人因为违抗禁止在街上摆摊交易的禁令而被捕。
a political move that defies explanation 无法解释的政治举动 
The beauty of the scene defies description. 景色之美简直难以描绘。
When the flowers open in spring they fill the night air with a fragrance that defies description. 春天鲜花开放时，夜里的空气中会弥漫一种难以名状的香气。
It's a devastating and barbaric act that defies all comprehension. 这种行为野蛮凶残、令人震惊，简直是不可理喻。
I defy you to come up with one major accomplishment of the current Prime Minister. 我敢说你讲不出现任首相的哪怕一项重大成就。
He looked at me as if he was defying me to argue. 他看着我，仿佛在激我与他争论。
The baby boy defied all the odds and survived (= stayed alive when it seemed certain that he would die). 这名男婴九死一生活了下来。

vt. 1 试图取悦某人以获取自己想要的东西，尤指某人（或某个组织等）的支持:
2 [正式] 试图获得…，即追求（多指追求名望）:
vt. [正式] 做可能导致不良后果的事，即招致:
vt. [过时] 向女子求爱，求婚:
vi. [过时] be courting 可表示男女（结婚前）恋爱:
n. [C] 体育运动中可指篮球、网球、羽毛球、壁球等的球场:
n. 1 [C, U] 国王或女王、皇后居住的地方，即王宫，宫廷:
2 [sing.] the court 可指王室人员，如国王、王后、其他人员等:
n. [C] 建筑物的宽敞开放的区域，常有玻璃房顶:
n. [C] 英国用于一些大型宅第的名称:
n. [C] 与courtyard同义，即庭院:
n. 1 [C, U] 法院，法庭:
2 [sing.] the court 可指全体出庭人员，尤指审判人员，如法官和陪审员:
n. [C] 用于公寓街区的名称，短街道的名称:
court |[kɔ:t][kɔ:t]
to court his supporters 讨好他的支持者 
to court the media 取悦媒体 
The band has actively courted a young audience. 该乐队已积极争取到年轻观众的支持。
to court publicity, to court popularity 追求名望
to court disaster, to court controversy, to court danger 招灾惹祸；招致争议；招致危险
basketball, squash, tennis court 篮球场；壁球馆；网球场 
clay, grass, hard court 红土网球场；草地网球场；硬地网球场 
an indoor volleyball court 室内排球场
He was presented at the court. 他在王宫受到了接见。
imperial, royal court 宫廷 
to be known in court circles 在宫廷圈内广为人知 
court jester 宫廷弄臣 
life at court 宫廷生活 
the food court at the shopping mall 大型购物中心的食品区
civil, criminal court 民事法庭；刑事法庭 
military court 军事法庭 
circuit, district（均美）court 巡回法院；地区法院 
Appeal Court, High Court（均为英格兰和威尔士用法）上诉法院；高等法院 
higher, superior court 上级法院；高级法院 
supreme court 最高法院 
lower court 下级法院 
juvenile court 少年法庭 
divorce court 离婚法庭 
court clerk 法庭书记员 
court trial 庭审 
court summons 法庭传票 
court decision, court ruling 法院判决；法院裁决 
court appearance 出庭 
court date 庭审日期 
court procedure 庭审程序 
court costs 诉讼费 
to go to court 打官司 
to take sb to court 把某人告上法庭 
Please tell the court what happened. 请向法庭陈述事件的经过。

n. [C] 秘密的社团，结社，其成员集结在一起举行特殊仪式:
vt.＆vi.（上级对下级或归其管辖的人员）下达指令，命令，指挥，要求:
order (to do sth) 某人从权威人士那里所接收到的指令，指示。强调上级对下级具有指挥权和调度权，而不如command那样强调对全局的掌控:
2 [C] 付款指令，或其它书面指令:
n. 1 [U, C] 顺序，次序:
2 [U] 条理，与disorder相反:
3 [U] 秩序，社会治安:
4 [C] 常用单数，正式用法，指社会（或世界）的秩序或结构:
vt. 正式用法，指组织、安排、整理:
n. [C] 点菜；所点的食物、饮料等:
order (sth) (for sb)（在饭店等）点饭菜或饮料等:
n. [C]（生物分类的）目:
n. [C] 付款指令:
n. [C] 所订购的货物，交付的货物:
order sth (for sb) 订购货物或服务:
n. [C, U] order (for sth) 货品的订单，订购，订货:
n. 1 [C] 获得国王、女王、总统等授勋的一群人:
2 [C] 勋章或绶带:
n. [C] 常用复数，指社会阶级，为贬义或幽默用法:
n. [C] 生活在一个宗教社区里的一群人，尤指和尚或尼姑:
order |['ɔ:də]['ɔ:də]
the Ancient Order of Druids 古德鲁伊特共济会
The government has ordered an investigation into the accident. 政府要求对事故进行调查。
The company was ordered to pay compensation to its former employees. 公司被勒令向以前的员工做出补偿。
The officer ordered them to fire. 军官命令他们开火。
They were ordered out of the class for fighting. 他们因斗殴被勒令退出课堂。
He was ordered off for bringing down the striker.（英，体育用语）他因放倒前锋被罚出场。
‘Sit down and be quiet,’ she ordered. “坐下，安静点！”她命令道。
He gave orders for the work to be started. 他下令开始工作。
The general gave the order to advance. 将军下令前进。
Dogs can be trained to obey orders. 狗可以训练得听从命令。
She takes orders only from the president. 她只听从总裁的吩咐。
I’m under orders not to let anyone in. 我奉命不准任何人进入。
Interest rates can be controlled by order of the central bank. 利率可由中央银行指示控制。
He opened his sealed orders. 他打开了密令。
doctor’s orders 医嘱 
court order 庭谕 
gagging order（英）禁言命令 
exclusion（英）, maintenance（英）, restraining（尤美）order 禁令；供养令；限制令 
a wildlife preservation order 野生动物保护令 
The judge made an order for the costs to be paid. 法官发出了支付费用的指令。
money order 汇票 
The names are listed in alphabetical order. 姓名是按字母顺序排列的。
The paragraphs are not in a logical order. 这些段落的排列不合逻辑。
arranged in ascending order of size 按从小到大的次序排列 
the top ten groups, in rank order 排名前十的小组 
word order 词序 
reverse order 相反顺序 
I’ve listed the tasks in order of priority. 我已按轻重缓急列出了任务清单。
All the procedures must be done in the correct order. 一切手续必须按正确顺序办理。
to put her life in order 梳理她是生活 
to get your ideas into some sort of order 理清思路 
She attempted to impose some order on the chaos of her files. 她试图把杂乱的文件整理好。
My notes are in order. 我的笔记很有条理。
The house is in good order. 这所房子布置得井井有条。
to maintain order in the capital 维持首都的治安 
The police are trying to restore public order. 警察正在努力恢复公共秩序。
law and order 治安 
The chairman called them both to order. 主席要求双方遵守议事规则。
Some teachers find it difficult to keep their classes in order. 有些老师觉得很难维持课堂秩序。
Is your work permit in order? 你的工作许可证符合规定吗？
The objection was ruled out of order. 你的反对被判违规。
the natural order of things 天地万物的自然秩序 
economic, moral, political, social order 经济秩序；道德秩序；政治秩序；社会秩序 
international, world order 国际秩序；世界秩序
I need time to order my thoughts. 我需要时间梳理一下思路。
alphabetically, chronologically, hierarchically, logically order 按字母排序；按时间排序；按等级排序；按逻辑排序 
Different senses of a word are ordered according to frequency. 词的不同义项是按照使用频率排列的。
She led a highly ordered existence. 她的生活井然有序。
May I take your order? 您现在点菜吗？
an order for steak and fries 点一份牛排和炸薯条 
vt.＆vi. order (sb sth) 
Have you ordered yet? 你点菜了没有？
I ordered a beer and a sandwich. 我要了一杯啤酒，一个三明治。
the order of primates 灵长目
money order 汇票，汇款单
The stationery order has arrived. 订购的文具到货了。
vt. order (sb) sth 
to be ordered online direct from the manufacturer 在线向厂家直接订货 
We can order the book for you. 我们可以为您订购此书。
Shall I order you a taxi? 要我给你叫辆出租车吗？
to place an order for a book 订购一本书 
The book is still on order. 这本书尚在订购之中。
back, outstanding（尤英）order 待发货的订单 
standing order 长期订单 
purchase order 采购单 
to win an export order 得到一张出口订单 
The chairs can be made to order. 这些椅子可以定做。
order form 订货单 
The Order of the Garter is an ancient order of chivalry. 嘉德勋位是古老的骑士勋位。
the lower orders 底层社会
monastic, religious order 修会；宗教团体 
contemplative order 默观修会 
closed order 隐修会 
Benedictine order 本笃会

~ (to/about sth)（对发生的事或某事的真实性）作证，尤指出庭作证:
vt. 因为有证据而表明自己相信某事的真实性，即证明、证实:
vi. [尤美] 在公开场合见证（上帝的存在）:
testify |[ˈtestɪfaɪ]
vt.&vi. ~ (against/for sb) 
She refused to testify against her husband. 她拒绝出庭作证指控丈夫。
There are several witnesses who will testify for the defence. 有几名证人愿意为被告作证。
He was summoned to testify before a grand jury. 他被传唤出庭在大陪审团前作证。
He testified (that) he was at the theatre at the time of the murder. 他作证声称凶杀案发生时自己正在剧院。
Several eyewitnesses testified that they saw the officers hit Miller in the face. 几位目击证人证明他们看见那几个警官打了米勒的脸。
Eva testified to having seen Herndon with his gun on the stairs. 伊娃作证称看见过赫恩登持枪站在楼梯上。
Too many young people are unable to write or spell well, as employers will testify. 写作或拼写不好的年轻人太多了，这一点雇主都会证明。
Recent excavations testify to the presence of cultivated inhabitants on the hill during the Arthurian period. 最近几次发掘证实了亚瑟王时期这座山上有农耕人口居住过。

n. [U]（尤指当权者的）腐败、贪污、受贿:
n. [U] 使人道德堕落的行为或结果，即腐蚀:
n. [C, usually sing.]（单词或短语的）变体:
corruption |[kəˈrʌpʃn]
Corruption was rife before the election. 选举之前，腐败盛行。
financial, political corruption 财政腐败；政治腐败 
high-level, official corruption 高层腐败；官员腐败 
corporate（尤美）, government, police, public（美）corruption 公司的腐败；政府的腐败；警察的腐败；公共部门的腐败 
He strongly attacked corruption in the government. 他猛烈抨击政府的腐败。
This police unit was established to fight corruption. 这个警察机构是为了打击贪污腐败而建的。
She was brought down by a corruption scandal. 她因贪腐丑闻而下台。
corruption allegation, corruption charge 腐败指控 
The corruption allegations proved false. 有关腐败的指控被证明是不实的。
corruption investigation, corruption probe 腐败调查 
corruption case 腐败案 
corruption among high-ranking officials 高级政府官员中的腐败 
corruption in government 政府腐败 
a culture of corruption 腐败文化 
allegations of bribery and corruption 对贿赂与贪污的指控 
The President faces 54 charges of corruption and tax evasion. 总统面临54项腐败和逃税的指控。
Distribution of food throughout the country is being hampered by inefficiency and corruption. 低效和腐败行为阻碍了食品在全国的配送。
He claimed that sex and violence on TV led to the corruption of young people. 他断言电视中所宣扬的色情与暴力诱使青少年堕落。
moral corruption 道德败坏
The word ‘holiday ’ is a corruption of ‘holy day’. 单词holiday是holy day的变体。
'Morris' is an English corruption of 'Moorish', meaning North African. Morris 在英语中是 Moorish 的变体，意思是“北非的”。

an act of asking for information:询问信息的行为
an official investigation:官方调查
inquiry |ɪnˈkwʌɪ(ə)ri| Noun/:询问,查询,询价
the police were making inquiries in all the neighbouring pubs:警方正在附近的所有酒吧进行调查
he was one of the State's star witnesses in the murder inquiry:他是该州谋杀案调查中的明星证人之一

vt. 常用被动式，损害…的外观:
n. [C]（有损某事物的外观或公共形象的）令人不快（或丑陋）的东西:
n. [C]（一段不愉快的经历给某人留下的）长期的精神创伤:
vt. 常用被动式，（一段不愉快的经历）给某人留下精神创伤:
n. [C] 小山或悬崖上的一块岩石裸露、没有草木的地方，即裸岩:
n. [C]（伤口愈合后在皮肤上留下的）伤疤，伤痕:
vt. 常用被动式，（伤口）愈合后在皮肤上留下疤痕:
scar |[skɑː]
The hills are scarred by quarries. 采石场破坏了山里的景观。
battle-scarred buildings 弹痕累累的建筑物
The town still bears the scars of war. 城里依旧可见战争的疮痍。
The countryside still bears the scars of the recent hurricane. 飓风过后，乡间依然满目疮痍。
Racism has been a scar on the game. 种族主义行为给这项运动抹了黑。
emotional, mental, psychological scar 感情上的伤痕；精神创伤；心理创伤 
His years in prison have left deep scars. 他在狱中的岁月给他留下了深深的创伤。
The experience left her scarred for life. 那段经历给她留下终生的创伤。
emotionally, mentally, psychologically scarred 感情上留下伤痕；精神上留下伤痕；心理上留下伤痕
a scar on his cheek 脸上的伤疤 
Will the operation leave a scar? 手术会不会留下疤痕？
bullet scar 子弹疤痕 
battle scar 战争伤痕 
His face was badly scarred by the fire. 他的脸被大火严重烧伤。
The accident left him permanently scarred. 这次事故给他留下了永久的伤疤。

adj. 数量大的:
adj. 1 覆盖大范围的:
2 广泛的、广博的、全面的、包罗万象的:
extensive |[ɪkˈstensɪv]
The fire caused extensive damage. 火灾造成了巨大的损失。
The blast caused extensive damage, shattering the ground-floor windows. 爆炸造成了巨大的破坏，震碎了一楼的窗户。
The security forces have extensive powers of search and arrest. 安全部队拥有搜查和逮捕的至高权力。
The house has extensive grounds. 这栋房子有宽敞的庭院。
When built, the palace and its grounds were more extensive than the city itself. 建成时，宫殿及其庭园比城市本身面积还要大。
Extensive repair work is being carried out. 大规模的修缮工作正在进行。
an extensive tour of Latin America 在拉丁美洲广泛游历 
an extensive range of wines 各种各样的葡萄酒 
She suffered extensive injuries in the accident. 她在事故中受了重伤。
Extensive research has been done into this disease. 对这种疾病已进行了广泛研究。
the extensive research into public attitudes to science 针对公众科学观的广泛调查 
His knowledge of music is extensive. 他音乐知识很广博。
Developments in South Africa receive extensive coverage in The Sunday Telegraph. 《星期日电讯报》全面报道了南非的发展。

~ (about sb/sth)（对某人所做的错事或非法之事的）无证据的公开指控、指责:
allegation |[ˌæləˈgeɪʃn]
~ (that…) 
damaging, serious allegation 诋毁性的指控；严肃的指控 
baseless, false, spurious（尤英）, unfounded, unproven, unsubstantiated, untrue, wild allegation 没有根据的指控；虚假的指控；伪造的指控；无证据的指控；未经证实的指控；经不起推敲的指控；不实的指控；荒诞的指控 
malicious allegation 恶意的指控 
defamatory allegation 诽谤的言辞 
credible, true 可信的指控；真实的指控 
The defendants in the libel case maintain that their allegations are true. 诽谤案的被告坚称他们的说法是真实的。
There have been fresh allegations of atrocities. 又有关于暴行的新指控。
corruption, fraud, rape allegation 腐败指控；诈骗指控；强奸指控 
I advise you to withdraw your allegation before I contact my lawyer. 我建议你在我同我的律师联系之前收回你的指控。
the school at the centre/center of these allegations 面临多项指控、处于风口浪尖的学校 
She refused to admit the allegations. 她不承认这些指控。
The president has the right to answer specific allegations. 总统有权回应各种具体的指控。
He will need to counter allegations that he accepted money from criminals. 他需要对他曾接受过罪犯贿赂的指控加以反驳。
The committee found no evidence to support allegations of smuggling. 委员会没有发现能够支持走私指控的证据。
It took over two months to disprove the allegation. 证明该指控不成立用了两个多月的时间。
The sudden collapse of the business led to allegations of corrupt deals. 企业的突然倒闭引出腐败交易的种种说辞。
The governor of the prison is investigating allegations that a prisoner was attacked and beaten by a prison warden. 典狱长正在调查一位监狱看守攻击和殴打一名犯人的指控。
He has resigned amid corruption allegations. 他在腐败的指控声中辞职了。
allegations about the president's private life 关于总统私生活的种种说法 
He has made certain allegations against the company. 他已经对这家公司提出了若干指控。
Several newspapers made allegations of corruption in the city's police department. 有几家报纸声称该市警察部门腐败。
allegations of dishonesty against him 关于他不诚实的多种说法 
an allegation that he had been dishonest 一种关于他不诚实的说法 
The company has denied the allegations. 公司否认了这些指控。
Allegations of brutality and theft have been levelled at the army. 有人指责军队中存在着野蛮暴行和盗窃行为。

vt. ~ sth (onto sth) 将…接入（到另一思想或制度），如植根于:
n. [U] [尤美] 利用职权收取贿赂的行为；也可指以此方式获得的赃款:
n. [C] 植物的嫁接；也可指嫁接所用的切下来的枝条:
vt. ~ sth (onto sth) 嫁接:
n. [C] 移植的皮肤（或骨骼等）；（皮肤或骨骼的）移植:
~ sth (on) (from sth) 移植（皮肤、骨骼等）:
n. [U] [英，非正式] 艰苦的工作:
vi. [英，非正式] 努力地工作:
graft |[grɑ:ft;美græft]
Old values are being grafted onto a new social class. 旧的价值观念正植根于新的社会阶层。
The Japanese tried to graft their own methods on to this different structure. 日本人试图将自己的方法移植到这种不同的体制中。
another politician accused of graft 又一位被控贪污的政界人物
Pear trees are grafted on quince rootstocks. 梨树被嫁接到榅的根茎上。
I am having a skin graft on my arm soon. 我马上就要接受手臂的皮肤移植手术。
Doctors are hoping to do a bone graft to repair the damaged bone. 医生希望进行接骨手术来修复受损的骨骼。
Linda had to undergo four skin grafts. 琳达必须接受四次植皮手术。
If the skin graft takes, surgeons will do another operation a few weeks later. 如果皮肤移植成功，几周后外科医生就会施行另一项手术。
vt. ~ sth (onto/to/into sth) 
newly grafted tissue 新移植的组织 
New skin had to be grafted on from his back. 需从他的背部移植新皮肤。
The top layer of skin has to be grafted onto the burns. 必须将表层皮肤移植到烫伤处。
Their success was the result of years of hard graft. 他们的成功是多年艰苦奋斗的结果。
His career has been one of hard graft. 他从事的职业劳动强度很大。
Starting a new business involves a lot of hard graft. 新开办一家公司需要付出大量艰辛的努力。
Most of the graft was done for them by their assistants. 大部分艰苦的工作都是由他们的助手做的。

adv. 尽管（情况如自己所说），用于与自己刚才所说过的形成对比。有时翻译为“不过”、“如此”:
nevertheless |[ˌnevəðəˈles;美-vərðə-]
There is little chance that we will succeed in changing the law. Nevertheless, it is important that we try. 我们几乎没有可能改变法律。不过，重要的是我们努力争取。
Our defeat was expected but it is disappointing nevertheless. 我们的失败是意料中的事，尽管如此，还是令人失望。
Most marriages fail after between five and nine years. Nevertheless, people continue to get married. 大部分婚姻在婚后第五至第九年间失败，然而，人们仍会选择结婚。
There had been no indication of any loss of mental faculties. His whole life had nevertheless been clouded with a series of illnesses. 没有迹象显示他的智力受到了损害，但是他的一生却是疾病缠身。

vt. [更正式] [法律]（以预付金的形式）聘请律师:
vt. [更正式] 保持:
vt. [更正式] 继续容纳某事物:
vt. [更正式] 继续容纳某事物:
vt. [更正式] 继续持有或保有:
vt. [更正式] 保存在记忆中:
vt. [更正式] 继续容纳某事物:
vt. [更正式] 继续持有或保有:
retain |[rɪˈteɪn]
a retaining fee 给所委托律师的预付辩护费 
to retain the services of a lawyer 聘定律师 
He decided to retain him for the trial. 他决定聘请他为出庭律师。
to retain your independence 保持独立 
He struggled to retain control of the situation. 他曾努力保持对局势的控制。
Despite the decay the mosque somehow retained a profound grandeur. 清真寺虽已破败，但不知为何依然十分庄严。
Her new music largely retains the distinctiveness of the old. 她的新音乐在很大程度上保持了旧式音乐的特色。
He retains a deep respect for the profession. 他对这个职业仍然深怀敬意。
She retained her tennis title for the third year. 她第三年保住了网球冠军的头衔。
He has successfully retained his position as national president of the society. 他成功地保住了自己作为该协会全国主席的职位。
a soil that retains moisture 保持水分的土壤
a soil that retains moisture 保持水分的土壤 
This information is no longer retained within the computer's main memory. 这样的数据不再保留在计算机的主存储器中。
She has a good memory and finds it easy to retain facts.（比喻用法）她记忆力好，很容易记住事情。
The immigrants have a right to retain their language. 移民有权保留其语言。
The house retains much of its original charm. 这所房子保留了许多原有的魅力。
The interior of the shop still retains a nineteenth-century atmosphere. 这家商店的内部装修仍然保留着十九世纪的风格。
He retains a deep respect for the profession. 他对这个职业仍然深怀敬意。
She retained her tennis title for the third year. 她第三年保住了网球冠军的头衔。
He has successfully retained his position as national president of the society. 他成功地保住了自己作为该协会全国主席的职位。
He was allowed to retain his parliamentary seat.（英）他获准保留议会席位。
The president retained her as his chief adviser. 总统让她留任自己的首席顾问。
She has a good memory and finds it easy to retain facts.（比喻用法）她记忆力好，很容易记住事情。
a soil that retains moisture 保持水分的土壤 
This information is no longer retained within the computer's main memory. 这样的数据不再保留在计算机的主存储器中。
She has a good memory and finds it easy to retain facts.（比喻用法）她记忆力好，很容易记住事情。
The immigrants have a right to retain their language. 移民有权保留其语言。
The house retains much of its original charm. 这所房子保留了许多原有的魅力。
The interior of the shop still retains a nineteenth-century atmosphere. 这家商店的内部装修仍然保留着十九世纪的风格。
He retains a deep respect for the profession. 他对这个职业仍然深怀敬意。
She retained her tennis title for the third year. 她第三年保住了网球冠军的头衔。
He has successfully retained his position as national president of the society. 他成功地保住了自己作为该协会全国主席的职位。
He was allowed to retain his parliamentary seat.（英）他获准保留议会席位。
The president retained her as his chief adviser. 总统让她留任自己的首席顾问。

adj. 1 关于（或属于）国王或女王的，即国王的，女王的，王室的，皇家的，只作前置定语:
2 用于服务于王室或受王室赞助的组织名称，只作前置定语，如:
3 盛大的，适合于国王或女王的，在语义上类似于splendid，只作前置定语:
n. [C] 常用复数，表示皇室成员，为非正式用法:
royal |['rɒɪəl]
the royal family 王室 
the royal household 王室 
the Royal Navy 英国皇家海军 
the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds 皇家鸟类保护协会 
to be given a royal welcome 受到盛大的欢迎 
The royals have always been patronizing this programme. 皇室成员一直在资助这个项目。

vt.（书籍或电影）涉及…生活；或有关…的发展:
vt.＆vi. 跟踪。是此义的基本通用词，可以是公开跟着，也可以是秘密跟着:
vt. 非常仔细地听，即倾听:
vt. 1（视线）随…而动:
2 非常仔细地看，即密切注视:
vt. 沿着道路、小路等行进:
vt.＆vi. 1 follow (from sth) 是…的逻辑结果:
Several conclusions follow on from his statement. 从他的叙述中可以得出一些结论。2（按时间或顺序）因…而发生:
vt. 接受建议、指示等并依其行事:
vt.＆vi. 在…后面跟着，即跟随。是一个常规用词，最常用:
vt.＆vi.（按时间或顺序）在…后发生或因…而发生:
vt. follow sth (up) with sth 在…之后做某事:
vt.＆vi. 在饮食中可指接下来的食物是…（如下一道菜是…）:
vt.＆vi. 理解（某种解释或…的意思）。不过常用于否定句，偶尔才用于肯定句:
vt. 按某种方式（或方向）发展；以某种方式发生:
vt. 接受…为指导、领导或榜样，或效仿…，即追随、效仿等（如信奉宗教或政治主张等）:
vt.（道路、小路等）沿着某事物的方向延伸，或与…平行:
vt. 对…产生浓厚的兴趣并关注之（常是随时关注）:
follow |['fɒləʊ]
The novel follows the fortunes of a village community in Scotland. 小说叙述了苏格兰一个村落的变迁。
As she walked home, she had the feeling she was being followed. 走在回家的路上，她总觉得有人在跟踪她。
following every word of the story 一字不漏地专心听故事 
Ann’s eyes followed a police car as it drove slowly past. 安的眼睛注视着一辆缓缓开过的警车。
Her eyes followed him everywhere. 她一直在注视着他。
Follow this road until you get to the school. 沿着这条路走到学校。
follow the map 按照地图走
If a = b and b = c it follows that a = c. 设a = b，b = c，则a = c。
If the explanation is right, two things follow. 如果该解释正确，那么就会产生两种情形。
Any argument was always followed by a few days of silence. 争吵过后总会有几天互不搭理。
Other problems may follow. 其它问题也许会随之而来。
to follow a diet 按照规定饮食 
Follow my instructions very carefully. 要认真听从我的指令。
Why didn’t you follow my advice? 你为什么不听我的劝告？
Follow me please. 请跟我走。
He followed Jane to New York, where she was preparing an exhibition. 他跟随简去了纽约，她正在那儿准备一个展览。
Johnson finished first, closely followed by Stevens and Higgins. 约翰逊第一个冲过终点，史蒂文斯和希金斯紧随其后。
The dog followed obediently at her heels. 那只狗听话地跟在她身后。
You go ahead and we’ll follow on later. 你先走，我们随后就来。
Any argument was always followed by a few days of silence. 争吵过后总会有几天互不搭理。
A period of unrest followed the president’s resignation. 总统辞职之后有一段时期的动荡。
Other problems may follow. 其它问题也许会随之而来。
What follows is an eye-witness account. 接下来是目击者的陈述。
Follow your treatment with plenty of rest. 你治疗以后要多休息。
The main course was followed by fresh fruit. 主菜以后是新鲜水果。
I’m sorry, but I don’t quite follow you. 很抱歉，我不太明白你的意思。
The plot is almost impossible to follow. 故事情节几乎叫人看不懂。
His argument was difficult to follow. 他的论点很难理解。
The day followed the usual pattern. 这一天和平常过得一样。
His release turned out to follow the pattern set by that of the other six hostages. 他的获释方式结果和其他六名人质相同。
They followed the teachings of Buddha. 他们信佛教。
He always followed the latest fashions. 他总是紧跟服装潮流。
I don’t want you to follow my example and rush into marriage. 我不希望你走我的老路，匆忙结婚。
He followed his father and became a surgeon. 他子承父志，成了一名外科医生。
The movie follows the book faithfully. 这部电影忠于原著。
to follow star 崇拜明星 
Other companies are likely to follow Z-Quest in applying for an exemption. 其他公司很有可能仿效Z-Quest公司申请豁免。
The lane follows the edge of a wood for about a mile. 小路沿树林边延伸约一英里。
Our route follows the Pacific coast through those neighbourhoods. 我们一路沿着太平洋海岸，穿过那些街区。
to follow the football match 关注这场足球赛

n. [U, C] ~ (against sb) 让人抱怨的不平之事:
n. [U, C] ~ (against sb) 让人抱怨或抗议的不平之事:
n. [U, C] 让人申诉的不平之事:
grievance |[ˈgri:vəns]
They had a legitimate grievance. 他们的抱怨是合乎情理的。
Some people will complain even if they have no genuine grievance. 有些人即使没受什么委屈也要抱怨。
long-standing, old grievance 长期的牢骚；陈年的牢骚 
No one would listen to their grievances. 没有人愿意听他们的抱怨。
Parents were invited to air their grievances (= express them) at the meeting. 家长们应邀在会上诉说他们的苦衷。
He had been nursing a grievance against his boss for months. 他几个月来一直对老板心怀不满。
They had a legitimate grievance. 他们的抱怨是合乎情理的。
The main grievance of the drivers is the imposition of higher fees for driving licences. 让驾驶员深感不满的是驾驶执照收费的提高。
Some people will complain even if they have no genuine grievance. 有些人即使没受什么委屈也要抱怨。
historical（尤美）, long-standing, old grievance 历史上的冤案；长期的牢骚；陈年的牢骚 
individual, personal grievance 个人的不满 
economic, political, social grievance 对经济的不满；对政治的不满；对社会的不满 
By the 1950s, political grievances were again being voiced.到了20世纪50年代，人们又开始对政治表达不满。
She still nursed her old grievance. 她仍然心存旧怨。
No one would listen to their grievances. 没有人愿意听他们的抱怨。
Managers would make every effort to address individual grievances. 经理会尽最大的努力化解个人的不满。
grievance procedure, grievance process 申诉程序；申诉过程 
Does the company have a formal grievance procedure (= a way of telling sb your complaints at work)? 公司有正式投诉程序吗？
grievance committee（美）申诉委员会 
The meeting will be a chance to air your grievances about the organization. 你可以利用这次会面申诉你对组织的不满。
He had a personal grievance against the professor. 他对这位教授怀有私怨。
a sense of grievance 不满情绪
grievance procedure, grievance process 申诉程序；申诉过程 
Does the company have a formal grievance procedure (= a way of telling sb your complaints at work)? 公司有正式投诉程序吗？
grievance committee（美）申诉委员会 
The meeting will be a chance to air your grievances about the organization. 你可以利用这次会面申诉你对组织的不满。

n. [U, C] 机器或身体部位的故障或失灵（身体部位出现故障时可称为疾病，不过failure是从身体部位的功能运转之正常与否的角度来描述的疾病）:
n. 1 [U]（在做某事或达成某事方面）失败:
2 [C] 失败的人或事物:
n. [U, C] failure to do sth（行为意义上的）未做某事（尤指你被期望去做的事）:
n. [U, C] 身体部位的疾病或功能衰竭（身体部位出现故障时可称为疾病，不过failure是从身体部位的功能运转之正常与否的角度来描述的疾病）:
n. [U, C] crop/harvest failure（庄稼或收成的）歉收:
n. [C, U] business failure（公司或企业的）倒闭。是此义的一个基础用词:
failure |['feɪljə]
mechanical, structural, technical failure 机械故障；结构故障；技术故障 
battery, brake, component, computer, engine, equipment, power, system failure 电池的电量不足；刹车失灵；零部件故障；计算机故障；发动机故障；设备故障；停电；系统故障 
heart, kidney, organ failure 心脏衰竭；肾脏衰竭；器官衰竭
The success or failure of the plan depends on you. 这项计划的成败取决于你。
All my efforts ended in failure. 我的一切努力最后都无济于事。
moral failure 道德败坏 
academic, financial, military failure 学业失败；财务失败；军事上的失败 
to admit failure 认输 
a sense of failure 挫败感 
The whole thing was a complete failure. 整个事情彻底失败了。
He was a failure as a manager. 他当管理者并不成功。
The movie was one of the rare failures in his career. 这部电影是他职业生涯中少有的败笔之一。
the failure of the United Nations to maintain food supplies 联合国未能维持粮食供应 
Failure to comply with the regulations will result in prosecution. 不遵守规章制度将被起诉。
Nothing can excuse your failure to ask my permission. 不管什么原因都不能成为你不征得我允许的借口。
heart, kidney, liver, organ failure 心力衰竭；肾脏衰竭；肝功能衰竭；器官衰竭
crop, harvest failure 农作物歉收；收成不好
bank, business, company, corporate, institutional, market failure 银行破产；公司破产；机构倒闭；市场萧条

vt. 支持、维护（正义等）:
vt.（尤指法庭）维持原判、支持（或受理）上诉或申诉:
uphold |[ʌpˈhəʊld;美-ˈhoʊld]
We have a duty to uphold the law. 维护法律是我们的责任。
It is the responsibility of every government to uphold certain basic principles. 各政府均有责任拥护某些基本原则。
The IWC voted to uphold the ban on commercial whaling. 国际捕鲸委员会投票支持禁止商业捕鲸。
to uphold a conviction, to uphold an appeal, to uphold a complaint 维持原判；受理上诉；受理申诉 
The crown court, however, upheld the magistrate's decision. 然而，最高法院维持了地方法院的判决。
Three judges unanimously upheld the sentence. 三名法官一致同意维持该判决。

vt.＆vi. 使某事看起来很可能发生；显示某事的迹象。即预示。其发生的可能性通常较大:
n. 1 [U] 某人或某事将获得成功的迹象，相当于potential:
2 [U, sing.] promise of sth 希望某事（尤指好事）发生的一种迹象，如吉兆:
promise sb sth 告诉某人你将明确去做或不去做某事，或告诉其某事一定会发生，即承诺，许诺，保证。是“承诺”的常规用词，最为常用:
promise (that ...) 诺言，承诺性的陈述或话语:
promise |['prɒmɪs]
It promises to be an exciting few days. 那可望是兴奋刺激的几天。
There were dark clouds overhead promising rain. 天上乌云密布，预示就要下雨。
Her work shows great promise. 她的作品大有前途。
He failed to fulfil his early promise. 他没有像小时候表现的那样有出息。
a pianist of promise 有发展前途的钢琴手 
The day dawned bright and clear, with the promise of warm, sunny weather. 拂晓时晴空万里，预示着温暖晴朗的天气。
vt.＆vi. promise sth (to sb) 
‘Promise not to tell anyone!’ ‘I promise.’ “你要保证不告诉别人！”“我保证。” 
The government has promised a full investigation into the disaster. 政府已承诺对这次灾难进行全面调查。
I can’t promise anything. 我不能保证什么。
I’ve promised myself some fun when the exams are over. 等考试完了，我打算好好玩儿玩儿。
She promised faithfully that she would come. 她信誓旦旦地答应会来。
The government kept its promise of lower taxes. 政府兑现了减税承诺。
rash promise 轻率的承诺 
false, empty promise 虚假的承诺；空口承诺 
solemn promise 庄严的承诺 
election promise 竞选时的承诺 
You gave me your promise I could use the car tonight. 你答应过我今晚可以用车。

adj. 1（国家、政府、制度等）民主的；民主制度的；民主政体的:
2（社会或组织机构的组织或管理原则）基于民主精神的、有民主作风的:
3 Democratic（缩写为Dem.或D）（用于政党名称中）民主的:
democratic |[ˌdeməˈkrætɪk]
a democratic country 民主国家 
a democratic system 民主制度 
democratic government 民主政府 
Bolivia returned to democratic rule in 1982, after a series of military governments. 在经历了数届军人政府后，玻利维亚于 1982 年恢复了民主政权。
the country's first democratic elections 该国的首次民主选举 
There have been major changes in the constitution, but the system remains democratic. 宪法有了重大变更，但实行的仍然是民主制度。
They have a fairly democratic form of government. 他们有一个比较民主的政府。
democratic reforms 民主改革 
Education is the basis of a democratic society. 教育是民主社会的基础。
He called for widespread changes to make the armed forces more democratic and less expensive. 他呼吁进行广泛的改革，使武装部队作风更加民主，开支更加俭省。
democratic participation 民主参与 
I think it was a reasonably democratic decision. 我认为这是一个相当民主的决定。
the Democratic senator from Oregon（美国）俄勒冈州的民主党参议员 
the Social Democratic Party 社会民主党 
the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan 阿富汗人民民主党

n. [C] interview (for a job, etc.) 工作或大学的面试:
vt.＆vi. interview (for a job, etc.) 对某人进行工作或入学面试:
vi. interview (for a job, etc.) 接受工作或入学面试，尤用于北美英语:
n. [C] interview (with sb) （常指公开的）记者采访，访谈:
vt. interview sb (about sth) 对某人进行媒体采访或访谈:
n. [C] interview (with sb) 私下的问答式的会谈，面谈:
vt. interview sb (about sth) 私下里向某人提问或与其面谈:
interview |['ɪntəvju:]
job interview 求职面试 
interview room 面试间 
interview procedure 面试程序 
an interview for the post of sales manager 招聘销售经理的面试 
to arrange an interview 安排面试 
to start the second round of interviews 启动第二轮面试 
Which post are you being interviewed for? 你参加哪个职位的面试？
We interviewed ten people for the job. 我们为这份工作面试了十人。
tips on interviewing for colleges 大学面试的窍门
telephone interview 电话采访 
magazine, media, newspaper, radio, television interview 杂志采访；媒体采访；报纸采访；电台采访；电视采访 
group interview 集体采访 
face-to-face interview 面对面的采访 
exclusive interview 独家专访 
live interview 直播的采访 
interview footage 访谈镜头 
interview transcript 采访的文字记录 
I get a lot of interview requests from journalists. 我接到很多记者的采访请求。
The Prime Minister declined to be interviewed. 首相婉拒了采访。
an interview with the careers adviser 和职业顾问的面谈 
an interview with the British leader 与英国领导人的会谈 
a police interview with suspected terrorists 警方与恐怖分子嫌疑人的面谈 
The police are waiting to interview the injured man. 警察正等着向受伤的男子问话。

n. [C] [旧时或正式] 工作岗位:
n. [C] [正式]（一栋建筑物或一个城镇的）某种地理位置或某种环境:
n. [C] 所有的条件和发生在某时某地的所有事情，具体可称为情况、形势、局面、状况:
situation |[͵sɪtʃu'eɪʃn]
Situations Vacant 招聘（用于报刊中的招聘广告栏）
The town is in a delightful situation in a wide green valley. 小城坐落在一个宽阔而草木苍翠的河谷中，环境宜人。
to be in a difficult situation 处境困难 
embarrassing situations 尴尬局面 
general situation 总体情况 
current situation 时局 
international situation 国际形势 
actual, concrete situation 实际情况；具体情况 
dangerous situation 危险形势 
emergency situation 紧急情况 
employment situation 就业形势 
economic, political, security situation 经济形势；政治形势；安全形势 
strategic situation 战略局势 
conflict, war situation 冲突局势；战争形势 
In your situation, I would look for another job. 假如我是你的话，我会另找工作。

vt. 用嘴唇的肌肉将液体、气体等吸入口中:
vt.＆vi. suck (at, on) sth 含在嘴里用嘴唇和舌头吸:
n. [usually sing.] 吸吮的行为:
vt. 使卷入某种糟糕的情况中:
vt. 用嘴唇的肌肉将液体等吸入口中:
vt.＆vi. suck (at, on) sth 含在嘴里用嘴唇和舌头吸:
n. [usually sing.] 吸吮的行为:
vt. 1 将液体、空气或物体从…中吸出:
2 以很大的力量将某人或某事物朝某个方向吸:
vt. 吸（烟）。不常用:
vi. [俚] sth sucks用于表示某事物非常糟糕:
suck |[sʌk]
to suck the juice from an orange 吸橙子的汁 
She was noisily sucking up milk through a straw. 她正用吸管滋滋地喝牛奶。
He sucked on his cigarette. 他吸了吸他的香烟。
The baby sucked on her bottle. 婴儿吸吮着奶瓶。
She sucked on a mint. 她嘴里咂着一颗薄荷糖。
Stop sucking your thumb! 别吮手指头！
The baby sucked at its mother’s breast. 婴儿在吮吸母亲的奶。
to be sucked into the cycle of violence 被卷入暴力循环
to suck the juice from an orange 吸橙子的汁 
She was noisily sucking up milk through a straw. 她正用吸管滋滋地喝牛奶。
She sucked on a mint. 她嘴里咂着一颗薄荷糖。
The baby sucked at its mother’s breast. 婴儿在吮吸母亲的奶。
The pump sucks air out through the valve. 气泵通过阀门把空气抽出去。
Greenfly can literally suck a plant dry. 蚜虫的确能把一株植物吸干。
to suck up oil 抽油 
The machine sucks up mud and stones from the bottom of the pond. 机器把泥和石头从池塘底部吸上来。
The canoe was sucked down into the whirlpool. 划艇被卷进了漩涡。
He sucked on his cigarette. 他吸了吸他的香烟。
Their new CD sucks. 他们新出的唱片可恶心了。

~ (to do sth)（必须做某事的）必要性；（对某事物的）需要:
2 [C] 必需的事物；必需品:
~ (to do sth)（某事发生的）必然性:
2 [C, usually sing.] 不可避免的情况或行动:
necessity |[nəˈsesəti]
~ (of sth/of doing sth) 
We recognize the necessity for a written agreement. 我们认为有必要签订一份书面协议。
There is agreement on the necessity of reforms. 对改革的必要性已经达成了共识。
As soon as the necessity for action is over the troops must be withdrawn. 一旦军事行动的必要性不复存在，军队就必须撤出。
There had never been any necessity for her to go out to work. 她从来就没有出去工作的必要。
We were discussing the necessity of employing more staff. 我们在讨论是否需要雇用更多员工。
Water is a basic necessity of life. 生命离不开水。
food, fuel and other daily necessities 食物、燃料和其他日常必需品 
Many people cannot even afford basic necessities such as food and clothing. 许多人甚至买不起食物和衣服之类的基本必需品。
They have nothing but the barest necessities. 除了最基本的必需品之外，他们一无所有。
Air-conditioning is an absolute necessity in this climate. 这样的气候绝对需要有空调。
Policies which address these issues are an urgent necessity. 迫切需要的是解决这些问题的政策。
~ (of sth/of doing sth) 
This is, of necessity, a brief and incomplete account. 这必然是一份简略的、不完全的描述。
Living in London, he felt, was an unfortunate necessity. 他觉得在伦敦生活是迫于无奈。
The President pleaded that strong rule from the centre was a regrettable, but temporary necessity. 总统辩解说，实行高度的中央集权虽不尽如人意，但暂时来说却是必要的。

adj. [常用于名词前] [正式] 极其严重的:
adj. [英，非正式] 极差的、极糟的:
dire |[ˈdaɪə(r)]
living in dire poverty 生活赤贫 
dire warnings, dire threats 严重的警告；严重的威胁 
dire predicament, dire peril, dire shortage 严重的困境；巨大的危险；极度的短缺 
Such action may have dire consequences. 这种行为可能产生严重后果。
A government split would have dire consequences for domestic peace. 政府的分裂将会给国内和平带来严重后果。
He was in dire need of hospital treatment. 他急需入院治疗。
We're in dire need of your help. 我们急需你的帮助。
The firm is in dire straits (= in a very difficult situation) and may go bankrupt. 这家公司已陷入极度困境之中，可能会破产。
The acting was dire. 这表演糟透了。
a book of children's verse, which ranged from the barely tolerable to the utterly dire. 一本儿童诗歌集，其中有的能勉强接受，而有的简直是糟透了。
dire future, dire prediction, dire state, dire tale 惨淡的将来；糟糕的预测结果；糟糕的状态；悲惨的故事         

vt. 经历令人不悦的事情，如受伤、失败或损失，可称为遭受，蒙受等:
suffer (for sth)（因痛苦、悲伤、匮乏等而）受苦、受难。是此义的常规用词，极为常用:
suffer (for sth)（因疾病而）受苦:
vi. 变得更坏或更糟:
suffer |['sʌfə]
He suffered a massive heart attack. 他的心脏病发作很严重。
The party suffered a humiliating defeat in the general election. 该党在大选中惨败。
The company suffered huge losses. 公司出现巨额亏损。
vi. suffer (from sth) 
road accident victims suffering from shock 在交通事故中受到惊吓的受害者 
Many companies are suffering from a shortage of skilled staff. 许多公司苦于缺乏熟练员工。
He made a rash decision and now he is suffering for it. 他当初草率决定，现在吃苦头了。
This area suffered very badly in the storms. 该地区在暴风雨中损失惨重。
economically suffer 经济上遭受损失 
emotionally, mentally suffer 感情上遭受痛苦；精神上遭受痛苦 
to suffer in silence 默默忍受
vi. suffer (from sth) 
He suffers from asthma. 他患有哮喘。
to suffers terribly with migraines 患有严重的偏头痛 
I played tennis yesterday and I know I shall suffer for it today. 因为昨天打了网球，我知道今天要受罪了。
I hate to see animals suffering. 我不忍心看动物受苦。
His school work is suffering because of family problems. 由于家庭问题，他的学业日渐退步。

exist or occur at a date earlier than (something):exist或发生在早于（某事）的日期
(of an animal) act as a predator of; catch and eat (prey).:（动物的）充当捕食者；捕捉并吃掉（猎物）。
predate |priːˈdeɪt| Verb/:早于,提前
here parish boundaries seem clearly to predate Roman roads:here教区边界似乎早于罗马道路

n. [C] 雇员通过工作所赚取的薪金，尤指具有较高专业技能（或较高职级）的员工定期领取的薪水，常按月、按季度或按年发放，有时也按星期发放:
salary |['sælərɪ]
six-figure salary 六位数的薪金 
annual, yearly, monthly salary 年薪；月薪 
base（尤美）, basic（英）salary 底薪；基本工资 
minimum salary 最低工资 
starting salary 起薪 
severance salary（美）（英美通常用severance pay）
salary package（包括福利的）薪资待遇 
salary increase 涨薪 
salary cut 降薪 
salary review 薪资调整 
salary grade 薪资等级 
salary cap 薪资上限 
salary structure 薪资结构 
to draw his salary 领薪水 
to raised his salary 涨他的薪水

n. [C] [英式也用oblique] 斜杠符号，即/:
vt. [常用被动式]（常用于报章）大量削减:
vt.（尤指暴力地）用利器切、割:
n. [C]（用刀等）切:
vt.（用刀等）劈、砍某人或某事物:
n. [C]（用刀等）劈、砍:
vt. 开辟出一条路:
n. [C] 狭长的伤口、切口:
n. [sing.] [英，俚语] 撒尿:
slash |[slæʃ]
to slash costs, to slash prices, to slash fares 大幅降低成本；大幅降低价格；大幅削减交通费 
to slash budget 大幅削减预算 
His salary was slashed by 20%. 他的薪水降了20%。
The company dramatically slashed its forecasts for annual profits. 该公司大幅降低了年度利润预测。
The discount could be slashed from 15% to 10%. 折扣率可能从15%降低至10%。
Everyone agrees that subsidies have to be slashed. 所有人都同意必须大幅度削减补贴。
Inflation was slashed in half. 通货膨胀率降低了一半。
The workforce has been slashed by half. 职工人数裁减了一半。
Someone had slashed the tyres on my car. 有人把我的汽车轮胎割破了。
to slash throat 割喉 
She tried to kill herself by slashing her wrists. 她试图割腕自杀。
She slashed at him, aiming carefully. 她仔细地瞄准他劈了过去。
He slashed wildly at me with a knife. 他挥着刀子疯狂地向我砍来。
He slashed through the rope. 他砍断了那条绳子。
We had to slash our way through the undergrowth with sticks. 我们挥舞着木棍一路劈砍，才在密林里开出一条路，穿了过去。
a slash across his right cheek 他右脸上的一道刀伤 
Her mouth was a slash of red lipstick.（比喻用法）她的嘴就是口红抹出的一道缝。             
He's just nipped out to have a slash. 他刚才急急忙忙跑出去撒尿了。

n. [U, sing.] ~ (with sth) 幻灭；不再抱有幻想；醒悟:
disillusionment |[ˌdɪsɪˈlu:ʒnmənt]
his growing disillusionment with his work 他对他的工作越来越不抱幻想 
the pain, disillusionment and despair we experience when someone we idolized has betrayed our trust 我们视作偶像的人辜负了我们的信任时，我们所体会到的痛苦、失望和绝望 
There is widespread disillusionment among young people. 年轻人普遍感到失望。
political disillusionment 政治幻灭 
There is growing public disillusionment with the present system of government. 公众对于现行的政府体制越来越不抱幻想。

raise the level of; improve:提高水平；提升
cause (someone) to feel more cheerful, positive, or optimistic:使（某人）感觉更开朗、积极或乐观
lift to a higher position:提升到更高的位置
raise up (strata, mountains, etc.) by an upward movement of the earth’s crust:通过地壳的向上运动而上升（地层、山脉等）
pick up or take away:pickuportakeaway
an instance of being raised or increased:an被提升或增加的实例
something that makes a person feel more cheerful, positive, or optimistic:使人感到更开朗、积极或乐观的事物
an upward movement of part of the earth's surface:地球表面的一部分向上运动
support from a garment, especially for a woman's bust:来自服装的支持，尤其是女性的胸围
uplift |ʌpˈlɪft| Noun/Verb/:隆起,抬升
the refreshing smell of essential oils like lavender and peppermint can instantly uplift your mood:薰衣草和薄荷等精油的清新气味可以瞬间提升你的心情
audiences will be uplifted by this incredible tale of fighting for your dreams:audiences将被这个为梦想而战的不可思议的故事所鼓舞
dust is uplifted by wind:dust被风吹起
the mountains were uplifted during the Jurassic period:侏罗纪时期山脉隆起
we will be only too pleased to uplift any items you wish us to sell for you:我们非常乐意提升您希望我们为您出售的任何物品
the whole club has seen an uplift in confidence:整个俱乐部都信心大增
their love will prove an enormous uplift:他们的爱将证明是巨大的提升
this uplift happened as recently as 45,000 years ago:这个隆起最近发生在45,000年前
an uplift bra:一个提升胸罩

n. [sing.] under ~ 表达了反对之后不情愿地，如无奈地、不服气地:
n. [C] 强烈的申明、声明或断言:
vt.（尤指被指控时，或人们不相信你时）坚决地表示某事是真实的，也可称为申辩:
vt.（尤指被指控时，或人们不相信你时）坚决地表示某事是真实的，也可称为申辩:
n. [U, C] ~ (against sth) 抗议、抗议书、抗议行动；强烈的反对:
vt.&vi. ~ (about/against/at sth) 抗议、反对，尤指公开地抗议或反对:
protest |[ˈprəʊtest;美ˈproʊ-]
She wrote a letter of apology but only under protest. 她无奈之下写了一封致歉信。
The strikers returned to work, but under protest. 罢工工人不情愿地返回了工作岗位。
That was how she usually dealt with their protests that she was spoiling her grandchildren. 当他们坚持说她是在溺爱孙儿，她通常会作出那样的回应。
‘That's not what you said earlier!’ Jane protested. “你当初不是这么说的！”简争辩说。
When we tried to protest that Mo was beaten up they didn't believe us. 我们试图申明莫遭到了毒打，他们却不相信我们。
'I never said any of that to her,' he protested. “我从来没有对她那么说过，”他申辩道。
She has always protested her innocence. 她一直坚持说自己是无辜的。
He protested that the journey was too far by car. 他坚持说路途太远，不宜开汽车去。
‘That's not what you said earlier!’ Jane protested. “你当初不是这么说的！”简争辩说。
When we tried to protest that Mo was beaten up they didn't believe us. 我们试图申明莫遭到了毒打，他们却不相信我们。
'I never said any of that to her,' he protested. “我从来没有对她那么说过，”他申辩道。           
peaceful protest 和平抗议 
sit-down protest（英）静坐抗议 
mass protest 群众性抗议 
anti-government, anti-war, political protest 反政府抗议；反战抗议；政治抗议 
rooftop（英）, street protest 在屋顶进行的抗议；街头抗议 
a rooftop protest by prison inmates 监狱犯人在屋顶上进行的抗议 
street protests by residents 居民发起的抗议 
The new tax sparked a wave of public protest. 新税引发了公众的抗议浪潮。
The announcement raised a storm of protest. 这个声明引起了一场抗议风潮。
The Samoan team lodged a formal protest against the decision. 萨摩亚队针对这项决定提出了正式抗议。
The workers staged a protest against the proposed changes in their contracts. 工人们进行抗议，反对拟议中的对他们合同的修改。
The government has made an official protest. 政府已经提出了正式抗议。
protest group, protest movement 抗议组织；抗议运动 
protest demonstration, protest march, protest meeting, protest rally 抗议示威；抗议游行；抗议会议；抗议集会 
protest strike（尤英）罢工抗议 
protest petition（尤英）抗议请愿 
protest vote 抗议投票 
protest song 抗议歌曲 
Prisoners shouted and hurled slates in protest. 囚犯们大声呼喊并投掷石块表示抗议。
The crowd dispersed without protest. 人群没有抗议就散去了。
She accepted the charge without protest. 她一声未吭地接受了指控。
a protest about the new bypass 就新的旁道提出的抗议 
a student protest over tuition fees 学生就学费一事提出的抗议 
The announcement brought cries of protest from the crowd. 公告在人群中引发了抗议的呼声。
a letter of protest 抗议信 
in protest at（尤英）, in protest of（尤美） 抗议… 
The party boycotted the election in protest at alleged vote rigging. 该党对选举进行了抵制，以抗议所谓的投票舞弊。
The unions called a two-hour strike in protest at the railway authority's announcement. 各工会号召罢工两小时，以对铁路当局所发通告表示抗议。
The director resigned in protest at the decision. 主任辞职以示抗议这项决定。
Winters quit the company board in protest of her plans. 温特斯退出了公司董事会，以表示对她的计划的抗议。
The building work will go ahead, despite protests from local residents. 尽管当地居民反对，建筑工程将照样进行。
The riot began as a peaceful protest. 暴乱是从一场和平抗议开始的。
Students took to the streets to protest against the decision. 学生们走上街头，抗议这项决定。
Groups of women took to the streets to protest against the arrests. 成群结队的妇女上街抗议逮捕行动。
The students were protesting at overcrowding in the university hostels. 学生们在抗议大学宿舍过于拥挤。
The victim's widow protested at the leniency of the sentence. 受害人的遗孀抗议判决太轻。
There's no use protesting, I won't change my mind. 抗议没有用，我决不改变主意。
They fully intend to protest the decision.（美）他们决意反对这项决定。
the right to protest peacefully 和平抗议的权利 
When he tried to protest, she insisted. 他试图抗议，但她却坚持这样做。
Crowds gathered to protest about the police violence. 人群聚集起来抗议警察的暴力。
Many people protested over the tax increase. 很多人对加税提出抗议。
They were protesting against the proposed agreement. 他们举行抗议反对提出的协议。
Many people have protested at the cuts in state benefits. 很多人都对削减国家福利提出了抗议。
We have protested to the government. 我们已经向政府提出了抗议。
They were exercising their lawful right to protest. 他们行使自己合法抗议的权利。
