toll					通行费，伤亡人数，毁坏
torrential				如注的
burst					使破裂，冲破
overwhelm				吞没，压垮，战胜
dam						水坝
evacuate				撤出，抽空
authority				权力，权威，来源
shelter					庇护所，躲避
cite					引用，举例，嘉奖
collapse				倒塌，折叠
suspension				暂停，悬架，悬浮
inbound					到达的
casualty				伤亡人数
rescue					解救
scale					等级，刻度，比例
post-disaster			灾后
reconstruction			重建，再现
populous				人口众多的
impact					冲撞，影响
rapid					快速的
urbanization			城市化
climate					气候，氛围
extreme					极度的，极端的，极度，极端
resident				居民，常住的
relocate				搬迁，迁移
concentrate				全神贯注的，聚集
vulnerability			易遭攻击
hazard					危险
urban					城市的
sector					行业，部分，扇形
greenhouse				温室
emission				排放物，排放
account for				占
\\\\\\\\

vt.&vi.（缓慢而有规律地）敲钟，尤指（某人去世后）鸣丧钟:
n. [sing.] 缓慢而有规律的钟声:
vt.&vi.（某人去世后）鸣丧钟:
n. [C, usually sing.]（某场战争、灾难等造成的）破坏或伤亡人数:
n. 1 [C]（道路、桥梁的）通行费:
2 [C] [美] 长途电话费:
toll |[təʊl;美toʊl]
The bell tolled the hour. 鸣钟报时。
The pilgrims tolled the bell. 朝圣者缓缓敲响了钟。
The Abbey bell tolled for those killed in the war. 大教堂为战争中的死难者鸣钟。
Church bells tolled and black flags fluttered. 教堂丧钟敲响，黑色的旗帜飘动。
The revolution tolled the death knell (= signalled the end) for the Russian monarchy.（比喻用法）那场革命敲响了俄国君主制的丧钟。
The Abbey bell tolled for those killed in the war. 大教堂为战争中的死难者鸣钟。
Church bells tolled and black flags fluttered. 教堂丧钟敲响，黑色的旗帜飘动。
The revolution tolled the death knell (= signalled the end) for the Russian monarchy.（比喻用法）那场革命敲响了俄国君主制的丧钟。
final toll 最终伤亡人数 
casualty, death, injury（尤英）toll 伤亡人数；死亡人数；受伤人数
civilian, human toll 平民伤亡；人员伤亡 
emotional, physical, psychological toll 情感创伤；身体创伤；心理创伤 
The official death toll has now reached 7 000. 官方公布的死亡人数现已达7 000人。
the war's growing casualty toll 不断增长的战争伤亡人数 
The death toll from yesterday's crash is still rising. 昨天车祸的死亡人数仍在增加。
The casualty toll could reach 200. 伤亡人数可能会达到200 人。
The death toll stands at 37. 死亡人数为37人。
Illness has taken a heavy toll on her. 疾病对她的身体造成了极大的损害。
The latest estimates put the death toll at 15000. 最新估计的死亡人数为15，000 人。
There are fears that the casualty toll may be higher. 有人担心伤亡总数可能会更高。
the second highest annual murder toll in that city's history 年谋杀案件总数处于该市历史上的第二高位 
The pressure of fame can take a terrible toll. 名声的压力能造成可怕的伤害。
The recession is taking its toll. 经济衰退正造成重大损失。
highway tolls（英国的）高速公路通行费 
motorway tolls（英国的）道路通行费 
the possibility of imposing tolls on some roads 对一些公路征收通行费的可能性 
toll bridge, toll highway, toll motorway, toll road 收费桥梁；收费高速公路；收费道路 
toll booth（通常用tollbooth）收费亭 
toll plaza, toll station（均美）收费处；收费站 
toll charge 通行费的收取 

(of rain) falling rapidly and in copious quantities:(ofrain)迅速大量下落
(of water) flowing rapidly and with force:(ofwater)快速而有力地流动
torrential |təˈrɛnʃ(ə)l| Adjective/:,滔滔,倾盆大雨
a torrential downpour:一场倾盆大雨
they plunged into the torrential waters:他们掉进了汹涌的水里

vt.＆vi. 极度愤怒:
vi. 突然说出:
n. 怒火的爆发:
vi. be bursting (with sth) 充满了非常多的某种感情:
vt.＆vi. 极度愤怒:
n. [C] 一种强烈情感的一段短时间的突然爆发，迸发:
vi. 突然从某处到来:
vi. 突然且用很大力量去（或移动到）某处，如猛冲；突然从某处到来或出现:
n. [C] 一项活动（或一种强烈情感）的一段短时间的突然爆发，迸发:
vi. 突然出现:
vi. be bursting (with sth) 充满了非常多的某事物；满得几乎要爆裂开。如爆满；涨满:
vt.＆vi.（尤指由于内部的压力而）爆裂、胀开、炸碎；使某事物（尤指由于内部的压力而）爆裂、胀开、炸碎:
n. [C] 某事物的爆裂；某事物爆裂后所留下的裂口或裂缝:
vi. 突然说出:
vt.＆vi. 由于心理或生理上的剧烈反应而感觉要炸裂:
n. [C] 症状的一段短时间的突然爆发:
vt.＆vi. 爆炸。本义是指物理上爆裂或胀开、炸碎（此现象常由于内部的压力而形成）。偶尔用于表示军事上的爆炸:
n. [C] 枪炮的一阵短促的射击:
burst |[bə:st]
He felt he would burst with anger and shame.（比喻用法）他恼羞成怒，都要气炸了。
The words burst from her in an angry rush. 她破口说出了那一大堆气话。
a sudden burst of anger 怒火的喷发
to be bursting with ideas, to be bursting with enthusiasm, to be bursting with pride 满怀想法；满怀热情；满怀骄傲 
He felt he would burst with anger and shame.（比喻用法）他恼羞成怒，都要气炸了。
a sudden burst of anger, a sudden burst of enthusiasm 怒火的喷发；热情的迸发
He burst into the room without knocking. 他没敲门就闯进了屋子。
He burst into the room without knocking. 他没敲门就闯进了屋子。
The sun burst through the clouds. 太阳破云而出。
The words burst from her in an angry rush. 她破口说出了那一大堆气话。
burst of activity, burst of energy, burst of anger, burst of enthusiasm 活动的迸发；能量的迸发；怒火的迸发；热情的迸发 
Her breath was coming in short bursts. 她的呼吸急迫短促。
I tend to work in bursts. 我的工作劲头往往是一阵一阵的。
spontaneous bursts of applause 自发的阵阵掌声 
quick, rapid burst 急促的爆发 
sudden burst 突然的爆发
The sun burst through the clouds. 太阳破云而出。
The words burst from her in an angry rush. 她破口说出了那一大堆气话。
The roads are bursting with cars. 车辆把那些道路挤满了。
to be bursting with ideas, enthusiasm and pride 满怀想法、热情和骄傲 
The hall was filled to bursting point. 大厅里挤满了人。
That balloon will burst if you blow it up any more. 你再给气球充气，它就要爆了。
The dam burst under the weight of water. 大坝在水的巨大压力下溃决了。
burst pipe 爆裂的管子 
There was a danger that the engine would burst apart. 发动机有炸裂的危险。
My whole head felt ready to burst. 我整个头快要裂开了。
He felt he would burst with anger.（比喻用法）他感觉要气炸了。
a burst in a water pipe 水管上的裂缝
The words burst from her in an angry rush. 她破口说出了那一大堆气话。
My whole head felt ready to burst. 我整个头快要裂了。
I felt as though my heart would burst out of my chest. 我感觉好像心要从胸腔里爆裂出来。
Her breath was coming in short bursts. 她的呼吸急迫短促。 
Shells were bursting all around us. 炮弹在我们四周爆炸。
frequent bursts of machine-gun fire 机枪的频频扫射 
a rapid burst of gunfire 一阵急促的开火

vt. [常用被动式]（感情或感觉）充溢（让人难以抵挡，或让人不知所措）:
vt. [常用被动式] 彻底击败…:
vt. [常用被动式] 太糟或太多以致让人难以应付:
vt. [常用被动式] [文学]（水）彻底淹没…:
overwhelm |[ˌəʊvəˈwelm;美ˌoʊvərˈw-]
She was overwhelmed by feelings of guilt. 她感到愧疚难当。
The beauty of the landscape overwhelmed me. 秀丽的风光令我深深地陶醉。
He was overwhelmed by a longing for times past. 他一心渴望回到从前。
The need to talk to someone, anyone, overwhelmed her. 她迫不及待地要找个人说说话，随便是谁都行。
We were totally overwhelmed by the response to our appeal. 人们纷纷响应我们的呼吁，令人感动莫名。
The army was overwhelmed by the rebels. 军队被叛乱者完全击败了。
It was clear that one massive Allied offensive would overwhelm the weakened enemy. 毫无疑问，盟军一次大规模的进攻就会击溃已是强弩之末的敌军。
We were overwhelmed by requests for information. 问讯使我们应接不暇。
The children pressed around him eagerly, overwhelming him with questions. 孩子们急切地将他团团围住，连珠炮似的问了他一大堆问题。
Deal with stress fast whenever it threatens to overwhelm you. 感觉压力过大就要马上解决。

n. [C] 河流或水库等的水坝:
dam |[dæm]
the Aswan High Dam 阿斯旺水坝 
hydroelectric dam 水电坝 
The dam holds back the water. 大坝把水挡住。
The dam burst and the valley was flooded. 水坝决口，山谷被淹了。
I began to cry--it was as if a dam had broken inside me.（比喻用法，尤美）我哭了起来——泪水像决堤一样。

vt.（把人从危险的地方）疏散，转移，撤离:
vt.&vi.（从危险的地方）撤出，搬出，撤空:
vt. [正式] 排空（胃肠）；排泄（粪便）:
evacuate |[ɪˈvækjueɪt]
Police evacuated nearby buildings. 警方已将附近大楼的居民疏散。
Children were evacuated from London to escape the bombing. 为躲避轰炸，孩子们都撤离了伦敦。
They were planning to evacuate the seventy American officials still in the country. 他们正计划转移仍滞留在该国的70名美国官员。
Since 1951, 18,000 people have been evacuated from the area. 自1951年以来，已有18, 000人撤离了该地区。
6 000 soldiers have been medically evacuated since the war began.（medically尤为美式用法）战争爆发以来已有6000名战士被撤离进行治疗。
to provide aircraft to help evacuate refugees 提供飞机帮助疏散难民 
Every police unit has been ordered to evacuate all civilians. 所有警察部队奉命疏散全体平民。
Helicopters were used to evacuate people from their homes. 动用了直升机把人们从居所撤离。
The man has now been safely evacuated to the mainland. 那个人已被安全撤离到大陆。
The fire is threatening about sixty homes, and residents have evacuated the area. 大火正威胁着大约六十户人家，居民已经从该地区撤离。
Employees were urged to evacuate their offices immediately. 已敦促各雇员立即从办公室撤出。
Officials ordered the residents to evacuate. 官员命令居民撤离。
Locals were told to evacuate. 当地居民已得到撤离的通知。

n. [U]（关于去做某事的）官方或正式许可，即批准，授权:
n. [U] 因人们对某人的知识或官方职位的尊敬，而使该人具有的影响他人的能力，即权威，威信，影响力:
n. [C] authority (on sth)指一个拥有专门知识的人，即专家，学术权威。虽然有时也可称为“专家”，但侧重于强调某人在学术领域相对于其他人的一种权威性，因此叫“权威”比较恰当，暗示出一种高高在上的等级性。一个expert或specialist如果在一个领域有领头羊的作用，就是一个authority。如果达不到这种级别，虽然仍是一个expert或specialist，但一般不称为authority:
n. 1 [U] 对人下达指令的权力，即权威:
2 [U] authority (to do sth)表示做某事的权力:
n. [C] 有权做出决定的人或组织，或在一个国家或地区拥有某种职责（responsibility）的人或组织，即当权者，当局，官方，常用复数，如:
authority |[ɔ:'θɒrɪtɪ][ɔ:'θɒrɪtɪ]
He took the car without authority. 他未经许可就把车开走了。
the authority of the president 总统的批准 
We acted under the authority of the UN. 我们是经联合国授权行动的。
He spoke with authority on the topic. 他就这个课题发表了权威意见。
an authority on criminal law 刑法权威 
world authority 世界级权威 
He bore an air of authority. 他显出一副权威的样子。
absolute authority 绝对权威 
constitutional, governmental, judicial, political, presidential, regulatory authority 宪法的权力；政府权力；司法权力；政治权力；总统的权力；监管的权力 
divine authority 神权 
moral authority 道德权威 
parental authority 父母的权威 
adult authority figures such as parents and teachers 成年权威人物，例如父母和老师 
authority as tsar 沙皇的权力 
to demonstrate his authority 展示他的权力 
to challenge my authority 挑战我的权威 
someone in authority 当权者 
The agency may have exceeded its authority. 该机构也许越权行事了。
He refuses to relinquish authority over the design process. 他拒绝交出对设计过程的控制权。
Only the manager has the authority to sign cheques. 只有经理才有权签支票。
Parents have the authority to discipline their children. 父母有权管教孩子。
federal, local, municipal authorities 联邦当局；地方当局；市政当局 
civil, civilian, military authorities 民政部门；军事部门 
education, health authorities 教育部门；卫生部门 
German authority 德国当局

vi. shelter (from sth) 待在一个安全的地方使自己免遭恶劣天气或危险，即躲避（风雨或危险）:
n. [U] shelter (from sth) 对…（如雨、危险或攻击）的躲避:
vt. shelter sb/sth (from sb/sth) 给…提供一个地方，使其免遭恶劣天气或危险；保护:
n. 1 [U] 一个可以供人居住的地方，是人类的一项基本需求，即居所，住处。是一个最具概括性的词，其含义包括了各种各样供人居住的地方:
2 [C] 常构成复合词，建造起来的一个遮蔽物或庇护处（尤指为躲避恶劣天气或攻击）:
3 [C]（尤指为慈善机构所拥有的）一栋建筑，用以收容无家可归者或受虐待的人或动物，即收容所，庇护所:
shelter |['ʃeltə]
We sheltered from the rain in a doorway. 我们在一个门口处避雨。
to take shelter from the storm 躲避暴风雨 
to seek shelter from the gunfire 躲避炮火 
The great tree gave shelter from the wind. 这棵大树挡住了风。
She was standing in the shelter of the doorway. 她正躲在门口。
shelter for the night 过夜的地方 
tax shelter（比喻用法）避税手段 
Trees shelter the house from the wind. 树给房子挡住了风。
to shelter the homeless 庇护无家可归者 
Perhaps I sheltered my daughter too much. 也许我对女儿保护过度了。
Human beings need food, clothing and shelter. 人类有衣、食、住的需求。
They built a rough shelter from old pieces of wood. 他们用旧木条搭了一个简陋的窝棚。
temporary shelter 临时避难所 
stone, underground, wooden shelter 石屋；地下掩体；木屋 
air-raid（英）, bomb, bus, emergency shelter 防空洞；公交车候车亭；紧急避难所 
a shelter for cattle 牛棚 
animal shelter 动物收养所 
homeless shelter 无家可归者收容所

vt. [正式] ~ sb (for sth)（正式或公开）嘉奖、表彰某人:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (as sth) 提及某事作为例子:
vt. [正式] [法律]（在案件中）正式提出某人的名字:
vt. [正式] [法律] 传唤、传讯（某人出庭）:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (as sth) 提及某事作为原因或例子，或为支持自己的观点:
vt. [正式] [法律]（在案件中）正式提出某人的名字；提出一个原因作为案件的正式原因:
vt. [正式] 以口头或书面的形式引用、援引（一本书、一个作者等的文字）。相当于quote:
cite |[saɪt]
He was cited for bravery. 他因表现勇敢而得到嘉奖。
He cites just one example. 他只引用了一个例子。
This is similar to the example cited above. 这和上面所举的例子类似。
He cited the fall in unemployment as one of the government's successes. 他举出失业人数下降作为政府的一项功绩。
Three admirals and a top Navy civilian will be cited for failing to act on reports of sexual assaults. 三位海军上将和一位海军高级文员将被指名，原因是他们在接到性侵犯的举报后没有采取任何行动。
She was cited in the divorce proceedings. 她在离婚诉讼中被传唤。
The judge ruled a mistrial and cited the prosecutors for outrageous misconduct. 法官裁定为无效审判，并以严重渎职为名传讯了检察官。
He cited his heavy workload as the reason for his breakdown. 他说繁重的工作负荷是导致他累垮的原因。
He cites just one example. 他只引用了一个例子。
This is similar to the example cited above. 这和上面所举的例子类似。
The most commonly cited reasons for stopping the treatment were side effects. 停用这种治疗方法最常搬出的理由是副作用。
He cited the fall in unemployment as one of the government's successes. 他举出失业人数下降作为政府的一项功绩。
They cited Alex's refusal to return to the marital home. 他们引证了亚历克斯拒绝回到婚后的家中一事。
Three admirals and a top Navy civilian will be cited for failing to act on reports of sexual assaults. 三位海军上将和一位海军高级文员将被指名，原因是他们在接到性侵犯的举报后没有采取任何行动。
She cites a favourite poem by George Herbert. 她引用了自己最喜爱的一首乔治·赫伯特的诗。

n. [C, usually sing. U]（体系、机构、生意、行动等的）突然失败:
vi.（体系、机构、行动等）突然或彻底地失败:
vi. 尤指因重病而倒下（通常失去意识）:
vi. [非正式] 尤指工作劳累后坐下或躺下以放松:
n. [U, C, usually sing.] 因重病而倒下:
vt.&vi.（内部有气体或液体的事物）萎陷、内陷、瘪掉（如降落伞、肺、血管等）:
vi. 在碎裂之后突然倒塌:
n. [U] 建筑物的突然倒塌:
vt.&vi. 折叠起来（以减少空间占用）；可被折叠:
n. [U, C, usually sing.] 重病:
vi. 价格或货币突然降低或贬值、暴跌:
n. [C, usually sing] 价格或货币的突然降低:
collapse |[kəˈlæps]
economic, financial collapse 经济崩溃；财务崩溃 
The war has led to the collapse of agriculture in the area. 战争导致那一地区农业崩溃。
a collapse into anarchy 崩溃陷入无政府状态 
the collapse of law and order in the area 该地区治安的瘫痪 
The peace talks were on the verge of collapse. 和平谈判濒于破裂。
This system has collapsed in most countries where it ruled. 这一体制在其占统治地位的大多数国家都失败了。
His business empire collapsed under a massive burden of debt. 他的商业帝国无力承担沉重的债务负担而垮掉了。
All opposition to the plan has collapsed. 所有反对此计划的力量均已消除。
Talks between management and unions have collapsed. 资方与工会的谈判已告破裂。
In November the strike finally collapsed. 罢工到十一月份终告失败。
The scheme collapsed in the face of determined opposition. 该计划因遭到强硬的反对而失败。
The theory collapsed in the face of the evidence. 在证据面前，这一推测不成立。
She collapsed suddenly from a heart attack. 她因心脏病发作而突然倒地。
He collapsed with shock. 她由于休克而晕倒。
He collapsed in the street and died two hours later. 他昏倒在大街上，两小时后便去世了。
He collapsed following a vigorous exercise session at his home. 在家剧烈运动了一阵后他突然昏倒了。
to collapse from hunger 饿晕 
The man collapsed against the wall and slid down it. 那个男人倒在墙上，顺着墙壁往下滑。
He collapsed in a heap on the floor. 他瘫倒在地，蜷成一团。
When I get home I like to collapse on the sofa and listen to music. 回到家时，我喜欢倒在沙发上听音乐。
She arrived home exhausted and barely capable of showering before collapsing on her bed. 她精疲力竭地回到家，勉强冲了个澡就倒在了床上。
his collapse from exhaustion 他精力耗尽而倒下 
She was taken to hospital after her collapse at work. 她在工作时晕倒后被送进了医院。
He plunged 300ft to the ground when his parachute collapsed. 降落伞突然瘪了，他从300英尺的高空跌落到地面。
He was rushed to hospital last week after suffering a collapsed lung. 上星期，他因出现肺萎陷而被火速送进医院。
The building has collapsed in a roar of rock and rubble. 那幢建筑轰隆一声塌了下来，碎石瓦砾落了一地。
The roof collapsed under the weight of snow. 房顶在雪的重压下坍塌了。
The bridge had collapsed. 桥塌了。
The walls were strengthened to protect them from collapse. 围墙已加固以防倒塌。
the sudden collapse of the bridge 那座桥的突然倒塌 
to be in danger of collapse 有倒塌的危险
The table collapses for easy storage. 这桌子可折叠起来方便存放。
She was on the verge of nervous collapse. 她几乎精神崩溃。
He was in a state of mental and physical collapse. 他身心崩溃。        
Share prices collapsed after news of poor trading figures. 在交易数额不佳的消息公布后，股票价格暴跌。
the collapse of share prices 股价暴跌 
the collapse of the dollar 美元暴跌 
the collapse of the market 市场价格暴跌

n. [U, C] 正式让某人从其职位、学校、团队等暂停工作一段时间（通常作为一种惩罚），即停职、停学、停赛等:
n. [U, sing.] 将某事推迟一段时间的行为（直到做出下一个决定），即暂缓；推迟；延期（可以是主动“推迟”，也可以是被动“延期”）:
n. 悬浮液（即悬浮着细小固体颗粒的液体）；悬浮的状态:
n. [U, C]（车辆减震用的）悬架:
suspension |[səs'penʃn]
suspension from school 暂被停学 
a five-game suspension for violating the league’s drug policy 因违反联赛药品规定而停赛五场 
He is serving a one-match suspension. 他正在接受停赛一场的处罚。
a detective under suspension from his job 被停职的警探 
his suspension from the club 他被俱乐部暂时除名
These events have led to the suspension of talks. 这些事件导致谈判延期。
a temporary suspension of a flight 航班的临时暂停
front, rear suspension 前悬架；后悬架 
active, independent suspension 主动悬架；独立悬架

travelling towards a particular place, especially when returning to the original point of departure:前往特定地点，尤其是返回原出发地时
(of a message or communication) sent to rather than from the person in question:（消息或通信的）发送给而不是从相关人员
towards a particular place, especially when returning to the original point of departure:towards一个特定的地方，尤其是回到原来的出发点时
throw (the ball) from out of bounds, putting it into play:throw（球）从界外，投入比赛
inbound |ˈɪnbaʊnd| Adjective/Adverb/Verb/:入境,进站
authorities set up roadblocks to stop all inbound traffic on tunnels and bridges:当局设置路障以阻止隧道和桥梁上的所有入境交通
we determined that all inbound e-mail was coming from the same address:我们确定所有入站电子邮件都来自同一个地址
we continued inbound to the ship:we继续进船
Ohio State inbounded the ball against the swarming defenders:OhioState对蜂拥而至的防守队员传球

n. 1 [C] 战争或事故中的伤者或遇难者:
2 [C] 受害者；受损事物:
n. [U]（也可用casualty department或accident and emergency，均为英式用法；美式用emergency room）医院的急诊室:
casualty |[ˈkæʒuəlti]
pedestrian casualty（英）行人伤亡 
road casualty（英）交通事故伤亡人员 
civilian, military casualty 平民伤亡；军人伤亡 
human casualty 人员伤亡 
The guerrillas inflicted heavy casualties on the local population. 游击队使当地居民蒙受重大伤亡。
Troops fired on demonstrators near the Royal Palace causing many casualties. 军队在皇宫附近向示威人群开枪，造成大量伤亡。
Our division suffered only light casualties. 我们师只有少量伤亡。
Both sides had suffered heavy casualties (= many people had been killed). 双方都伤亡惨重。
casualty count, casualty figures, casualty list, casualty rate 伤亡总数；伤亡数字；伤亡名单；伤亡率 
She became a casualty of the reduction in part-time work (= she lost her job). 她成了裁减兼职工作的受害人。
Small shops have been a casualty of the recession. 小商店在经济萧条中深受其害。
Fiat has been one of the greatest casualties of the recession. 菲亚特一直是经济萧条中损失最惨重的公司之一。
casualty unit, casualty ward 急诊室；急诊病房 
The victims were rushed to casualty. 受伤者被迅速送往急救室。
I was taken to casualty at St Thomas's Hospital. 我被送往圣·托马斯医院的急救室。
He was admitted to casualty with head injuries. 他因头部受伤而被送进急诊室。
He works as a doctor in casualty. 他是急诊医生。

vt. rescue sb/sth (from sth/sb) 将…从危险或有害的处境中解救出来，即营救，救援，抢救。其含义已为save所涵盖，但是，第一，rescue虽然偶尔可表示“救”事物和“救”情况，但主要表示“救”生命，且常指在一次具体的行动中通过制定周详的计划、协调各环节、调度各方资源来“营救”或“救援”处于危险中的人。虽然此时也可换为save，但save往往过于强调结果，而rescue则往往更能反映救援的过程，以及该过程的紧张性、惊险性和待救人员当时紧张而期盼的心理；第二，save可以是短期的或长期的“救”，而rescue一般仅指短期的“救”，通常是一次具体的行动:
n. 1 [U] 救援，营救，获救:
2 [C] 营救行动:
rescue |['reskju:]
He rescued a child from drowning. 他救起了一名落水儿童。
They were eventually rescued by helicopter. 他们最后被直升机救走了。
The house was rescued from demolition. 这所房子保住了，可以不拆。
You rescued me from an embarrassing situation. 我正感到尴尬，你为我解了围。
the rescue of a man from a burning building 从燃烧着的大楼中营救一名男子 
The navy are on a search and rescue mission. 海军正在执行搜救任务。
a mountain rescue team 高山救援队 
rescue service 救援服务 
rescue helicopter, rescue vehicle 救援直升机；抢救车辆 
rescue dog, rescue equipment 搜救犬；救援装备 
a financial rescue package for the company 对该公司的一揽子财务救助计划 
A wealthy benefactor came to their rescue with a generous donation. 一位富有的赞助人慷慨解囊挽救了他们。
mountain, water rescue, hostage rescue, helicopter rescue, financial rescue 高山救援；水上救援；人质营救；直升机救援；财务救助

n. [U] [英也用fur]（水管、容器等事物上面附着的）水垢:
vt. [正式] 攀登到又高又陡的事物顶端:
vt. [术语] 改变某事物的大小:
vt. 给鱼刮除鳞片:
n. [pl.] [美也用scale] scales指用于称重的工具，如秤、天平:
n. [C]（鱼或爬行动物的）鳞、鳞片:
n. [C] 量具上的刻度:
n. [C]（地图、图表或模型的）比例、比例尺:
a scale of 1:25 000 1:
n. [sing, U] ~ (of sth) 规模、范围、程度、尺寸，尤指与其他事物相比较时的规模、范围、程度、尺寸，且尤指庞大的规模或很深程度:
n. [sing, U] ~ (of sth) 范围，尤指与其他事物相比较时的范围，且尤指大的范围:
n. [U]（牙齿上的）牙垢、牙结石:
vt. 刮除牙结石:
n. [C] 音乐中可指音阶:
n. [sing, U] ~ (of sth) 程度，尤指与其他事物相比较时的程度，且尤指很深的程度:
n. 1 [C] 用于测量的等级:
2 [C, usually sing.]（从最低到最高的）等级体系:
scale |[skeɪl]
the first woman to scale Mount Everest 第一位登上珠穆朗玛峰的女性 
In 1981, five members of a climbing party died while scaling Mount Hood. 1981 年，一支登山队的5名队员在攀登胡德峰时遇难。
The men scaled a wall and climbed down scaffolding on the other side. 那些男人攀上一堵墙然后顺着另一侧的脚手架爬了下去。
He has scaled the heights of his profession.（比喻用法）他登上了他事业的顶峰。
Text can be scaled from 4 points to 108 points without any loss of quality. 正文可以从4点变到108点，但印刷质量丝毫不会降低。
weighing scales（尤英）磅秤；天平 
bathroom scales, kitchen scales 浴室磅秤；厨房用秤 
At birth, she tipped the scales at a healthy 7lb 9oz. 她出生时的体重为7磅9盎司，十分健康。
I had a shock when I stood on the scales. 往磅秤上一战，我吓了一跳。
the scales of justice（比喻用法）法律公正的天平 
At the moment the scales tip in favour of the Russians.（英式用法）目前，形势转而对俄罗斯人有利。
At the moment the scale tips in favour of the Russians.（美式用法）目前，形势转而对俄罗斯人有利。
That last goal has tipped the scale towards/toward the Brazilians. 最后那个进球扭转了局面，形势对巴西队非常有利。
fish scale 鱼鳞 
overlapping scale 交叠的鳞片 
armoured/armored scale 甲鳞
How much does it read on the scale? 刻度显示的是多少？
The map has a scale of one centimetre to the kilometre. 这幅地图的比例是一厘米代表一千米。
The map, on a scale of 1:10,000, shows over 5,000 individual paths. 该地图以 1:10,000 的比例尺显示了 5,000 多条不同道路。
a scale drawing 按比例缩放的图画 
Is this diagram to scale (= are all its parts the same size and shape in relation to each other as they are in the thing represented)? 这个示意图是按比例画的吗？
Both plans are drawn to the same scale. 两张平面图是按同一比例绘制的。
The plan of the building is not drawn to scale. 大楼的平面图画得不合比例。
He's made a scale model of the Eiffel Tower. 他按比例做了一个埃菲尔铁塔模型。
Franklin made his mother an intricately detailed scale model of the house. 富兰克林为他的母亲制作了一个复杂精细的房屋模型。
to achieve economies of scale in production (= to produce many items so the cost of producing each one is reduced) 实现规模生产 
Economies of scale enable the larger companies to lower their prices. 规模经济使得大公司可以降低产品价格。
The dolls are now produced on a commercial scale. 这种玩具娃娃现已投入规模化生产。
They plan to expand the scale and scope of their operations. 他们打算扩大经营规模和范围。
the scale of the project 项目的规模 
the scale of the task 任务的规模 
pollution on a massive scale 大范围的污染 
On a global scale, 77% of energy is created from fossil fuels. 全球77%的能量产生自化石燃料。
Here was corruption on a grand scale. 这里的腐败现象曾十分严重。
It was impossible to comprehend the full scale of the disaster. 这场灾难的严重程度是无法充分认识的。
It is difficult to comprehend the sheer scale of the suffering caused by the war. 人们很难理解战争造成的苦难有多严重。
It was not until morning that the sheer scale of the damage could be seen (= how great it was). 直到早晨才看清了损害的严重程度。
the scale of destruction 破坏的严重程度 
However, he underestimates the scale of the problem. 然而，他低估了问题的严重性。
They entertain on a large scale (= they hold expensive parties with a lot of guests). 他们大宴宾客。
Do they always entertain on such a lavish scale? 他们经常这样大摆筵席吗？
a misuse of presidential power on an unprecedented scale 总统权力程度空前的滥用 
Given the scale of the change, it is essential that all managers familiarize themselves with the details. 考虑到变动幅度之大，每一位主管都有必要熟悉这些细节。
It was several days before the full scale of the accident became clear. 事故的全部情况直到几天以后才搞清楚。
The final building is realized on a human scale. 最终建成的大楼实现了建筑设计的人性化。
The city would operate on a more human scale if cars were banned from the centre. 如果禁止车辆进入市中心，这座城市的运行将更加人性化。
You may feel dwarfed by the sheer scale of the place. 看到此处气势如此恢宏，你可能会觉得自己很渺小。
The paintings are small in scale. 这些画尺寸较小。
pollution on a massive scale 大范围的污染 
On a global scale, 77% of energy is created from fossil fuels. 全球77%的能量产生自化石燃料。           
The dentist scaled and polished my teeth. 牙医为我刮除牙石，抛光了牙齿。
the scale of C major C大调音阶 
to practise scales on the piano 在钢琴上练习音阶          
Here was corruption on a grand scale. 这里的腐败现象曾十分严重。
It was impossible to comprehend the full scale of the disaster. 这场灾难的严重程度是无法充分认识的。
It is difficult to comprehend the sheer scale of the suffering caused by the war. 人们很难理解战争造成的苦难有多严重。
It was not until morning that the sheer scale of the damage could be seen (= how great it was). 直到早晨才看清了损害的严重程度。
the scale of destruction 破坏的严重程度 
However, he underestimates the scale of the problem. 然而，他低估了问题的严重性。
salary, wage（尤英）scale 薪资等级 
The company has a five-point pay scale. 这家公司的工资分为五个等级。
those on the high end of the pay scale 工资级别最高的人 
After 10 years, she had worked her way to the top of the pay scale. 10年后，她已拿到了最高级别的薪水。
Benefits are paid on a sliding scale according to family income. 补助金的发放根据家庭收入而定，数额不等。
A Registered Osteopath will be pleased to tell you his scale of fees before you decide on a consultation. 在病人决定是否就诊之前，注册整骨医师会很乐意告知其收费标准。
to evaluate performance on a scale from 1 to 10 按1到10级来评估业绩 
On a scale of 1 to 10, he scores 7. 按从1到10的计分标准评定，他得到7分。
The patient rates the therapies on a scale of zero to ten. 患者按十分制给这些治疗方法打分。
Patients were asked to state their level of anxiety on a 10-point rating scale. 患者被要求用十分制打分标准给出各自焦虑程度的分值。
Can you give me any sort of time scale for the completion of the building work? 你能不能告诉我这个建筑工程的完工进度？
Beaufort scale 蒲福风级 
The earthquake measured 6.4 on the Richter scale. 地震强度为里氏6.4级。
the social scale 社会等级体系 
He has risen up the social scale from rather humble beginnings. 他从低位卑微的无名小卒开始打拼，获得了现今的社会地位。
At the other end of the scale, life is a constant struggle to get enough to eat. 对于处在社会最底层的人来说，生活就是为吃饱肚子而不断挣扎的过程。
a scale ranging from ‘utterly miserable’ to ‘deliriously happy’ 从“悲惨之王”到“快乐如痴”的不同程度 
Where do birds come on the evolutionary scale? 在进化等级中，鸟类处于什么位置？


post-disaster | 灾后,灾难后的

n. 1 [U] 对某事物（如国家等）的重建；对状态的复原:
2 [U]（对建筑物、道路等已遭破坏或损毁的事物的）修复:
3 [C]（对已消失的事物的）模仿:
4 [C] 再现某事（尤指犯罪过程）的一小段影片:
5 [U] Reconstruction可指（美国南北战争后南方各州重新加入联邦的）重建时期:
reconstruction |[ˌri:kənˈstrʌkʃn]
The country faces a huge task of national reconstruction following the war. 战后，该国面临着重 建家园的艰巨任务。
post-conflict, post-war reconstruction 冲突后重建；战后重建 
economic, political, social reconstruction 经济重建；政治改组；社会重建 
The bombed city is now undergoing extensive reconstruction. 这座曾遭到轰炸的城市现正在进行大规模的重建。
reconstruction period 重建时期 
reconstruction effort, reconstruction work重建工作 
companies bidding for post-war reconstruction contracts 投标战后重建合同的公司
reconstruction plan, reconstruction programme/program, reconstruction project, reconstruction scheme（英）重建计划；重建项目；重建工程；重建方案 
a large-scale urban reconstruction project 大规模的城市重建工程 
reconstruction technique 重建技术 
reconstruction costs following the cyclone 飓风过后重建家园的费用 
reconstruction aid, reconstruction assistance, reconstruction money 重建援助；重建资金 
reconstruction fund 重建基金 
Work began on the reconstruction of the road. 道路的重建工作开始了。
the reconstruction of the sea walls 海堤的修复 
surgical reconstruction of his mouth 对他的嘴进行的外科修复 
breast, facial reconstruction 乳房的重塑；面部的重塑 
breast reconstruction surgery 乳房再造手术 
The doorway is a 19th century reconstruction of Norman work. 门廊是19世纪时模仿诺曼式建筑修建的。
A group of enthusiasts have undertaken the reconstruction of a steam locomotive. 一群火车迷已担负起重造蒸汽机车的任务。
a life-size reconstruction of a Viking longboat 根据原尺寸重建的北欧海盗船 
a dramatic reconstruction of school life in the 1940s（dramatic尤为英式用法）20世纪40年代学校生活的生动再现 
a historical reconstruction based on contemporary documents 以同时代文献为基础的历史再现 
Last night police staged a reconstruction of the incident. 昨天晚上，警方演出了再现事故经过的场景。
Mrs Kerr was too upset to take part in a reconstruction of her ordeal. 克尔夫人受惊过度，不堪再参与自己所受折磨的场景重现。
The police staged a reconstruction of the events leading up to the murder.（stage为英式用法）警方放映了再现导致谋杀案发生的系列事件的短片。

having a large population; densely populated:人口众多；人口稠密
populous |ˈpɒpjʊləs| Adjective/:人口众多,人多的
the populous city of Shanghai:人口稠密的上海

vt.&vi. ~ (on/upon) sth 对某事物有影响、有作用:
n. [C, usually sing, U] ~ (of sth) (on sb/sth) 对某人或某事物产生的巨大影响:
n. [C, usually sing, U] 物体之间的撞击力:
n. [C, usually sing, U] 物体之间的撞击:
vt.&vi. ~ (on/upon/with) sth [正式] 撞击:
impact |[ˈɪmpækt]
The company's performance was impacted by the high value of the pound. 公司的业绩受到了英镑高值的冲击。
to impact on inflation and competition 对通货膨胀和竞争产生影响 
Such schemes mean little unless they impact on people. 这些计划没什么意义，除非它们对人民产生影响。
Her father's death impacted greatly on her childhood years. 父亲去世对她的童年造成巨大影响。
cultural, ecological, economic, emotional, financial, health, political, psychological, social impact 文化影响；生态影响；经济影响；情感影响；财务影响；健康影响；政治影响；心理影响；社会影响 
Businesses are beginning to feel the full impact of the recession. 工商企业开始感受到了经济衰退的全面冲击。
the impact of the debt crisis on developing countries 本次债务危机对发展中国家的影响 
Variations in the interest rate will have an impact on the whole housing market. 利率的变动将对整个房地产市场产生影响。
the initial impact of the reforms 改革的最初影响 
the likely impact of the changes on employment patterns 这些变化对雇佣模式可能产生的影响 
to minimize the impact of price rises on our customers 努力使涨价对我们的顾客产生的影响降至最低 
to resist the impact of poverty on the health of their children 避免贫困对孩子的健康产生影响 
They say they expect the meeting to have a marked impact on the future of the country. 他们称他们预期会议对国家的未来会产生显著影响。
the wider impact of this proposal 这份提议的更广泛的影响 
the personal impact of party leaders 政党领袖的个人影响力 
the environmental impact of tourism 旅游事业对环境的巨大影响 
the impact of AIDS on the gay community 艾滋病对同性恋群体的影响 
the major impact of this epidemic 这种传染病的重大影响 
Architecturally, these churches reflected the impact of the Renaissance. 从建筑风格来看，这些教堂受到了文艺复兴的影响。
The railways made a direct physical impact on the landscape. 铁路对地貌产生直接影响。
We'll show you how to dress for maximum impact at the all-important audition. 这次试演关系重大，我们会教你如何着装才能取得最佳效果。
the cumulative impact of a series of damaging events 一系列危害事件所产生的累积影响 
Her speech made a profound impact on everyone. 她的讲话对每个人都有深远的影响。
You certainly made a big impact on Carter. 你确实对卡特产生了很大影响。
the human impact on the dolphins 人类对海豚的影响 
physical, visual impact 生理影响；视觉影响 
potential impact 潜在的影响 
decisive impact 决定性的影响 
positive, negative impact 积极的影响；消极的影响
The front coach of the train took the full impact of the crash. 火车的前部车厢承受了全部撞击力。
A well-designed sports shoe should absorb the impact on the 28 bones in each foot. 设计精良的运动鞋应能减轻冲击力，保护单足的28块骨头。
asteroid impact 小行星撞击 
craters made by meteorite impacts 陨石撞击而成的陨石坑 
The front of the car had crumpled on impact. 汽车前部因撞击叠成了一团。
The car is fitted with side impact bars (= to protect it from a blow from the side). 这辆车的两侧都安装了保险杠。
Air bags are designed to soften the impact for crash victims. 气囊是为减缓撞车事故受害人所受冲击而设计的。
to die on impact 死于撞击 
to survive the impact 在撞击中幸存下来 
The bomb explodes on impact (= when it hits something). 炸弹受到撞击就爆炸。
The impact of the blow knocked Jack off balance. 这一记猛击把杰克打了个趔趄。
impact speed, impact velocity 撞击速度 
the moment of impact 撞击的瞬间 
the sharp tinkle of metal impacting on stone 金属撞击石头发出的刺耳叮当声 
The missile merely impacted with the ground prematurely. 导弹只是提前撞向了地面。          

adj. 1 常用于名词前，在一段短时间内所发生的。常用于描述事物变化（而非运动）的速度:
2 完成或发生得非常迅速的。此时不如quick常用:
rapid |['ræpɪd]
rapid change, rapid expansion, rapid growth 迅速的改变；迅速的扩张；迅速的增长 
a rapid rise in sales 销售额的急剧上升 
The patient made a rapid recovery. 病人很快恢复了健康。
rapid pulse, rapid heartbeat 急促的脉搏；急促的心跳 
The guard fired four shots in rapid succession. 卫兵接连开了四枪。
The disease is spreading at a rapid rate. 这种疾病正在迅速蔓延。

the process of making an area more urban:使一个地区更加城市化的过程
urbanization |əːb(ə)nʌɪˈzeɪʃ(ə)n| Noun/:,城镇化
he saw nature being destroyed by urbanization:他看到自然被城市化破坏

n. [C] 氛围、形势、思潮、风气、整体的态度倾向等。是一种比喻用法:
n. 1 [C, U] 一地的气候:
2 [C] 具有某一气候的一个地区，即气候区:
climate |['klaɪmɪt]
business, cultural, economic, emotional, financial, ideological, intellectual, investment, moral, political, social climate 商业气氛；文化氛围；经济气候；情感氛围；财政形势；意识形态氛围；知识界的氛围；投资环境；道德氛围；政治气候；社会风气 
a climate of violence 暴力风气 
the climate of opinion 舆论倾向 
the prevailing climate of pessimism 流行的悲观情绪 
The new policies have created a climate of fear. 新政策造成了一种恐慌的气氛。
hot climate 炎热的气候 
mild climate 温和的气候 
the severe northern climate 恶劣的北方气候 
damp climate 潮湿的气候 
dry climate 干燥的气候 
desert climate 沙漠气候 
climate change 气候变化 
climate conditions, climate patterns 气候条件；气候模式 
a warmer climate 气候较温暖的一个地区

n. [C] 在感情、情况、行为方式等方面与一者极为不同（或截然相反）的另一者:
adj. 只用于名词前，尽量远离中心、开始或某个方向的，如末端的、尽头的:
adj. 不寻常的；严重的。常翻译为“极端的”，程度在本组几乎最深:
adj.（人、政治组织、意见等）远远偏离正常或合理范围的，如极端的、偏激的。与moderate相反:
n. [C] 某事物的最大（或最高）程度，如极度、极端（也可看作一种程度上的极限）:
adj. 常用于名词前，程度非常深的，如极其的、极度的:
extreme |[ɪk'stri:m]
extremes of love and hate 爱和恨两种截然不同的感情 
Their views are at opposite extremes from each other. 他们的观点极端对立。
to go from one extreme to the other 从一个极端走向另一个极端 
He used to be very shy, but now he’s gone to the opposite extreme. 他以前很腼腆，现在却走向了另一个极端。
the extreme west of Ireland 爱尔兰的最西端 
She sat on the extreme edge of her seat. 她坐在座位最边上。
in extreme circumstances 在极端情况下 
Don’t go doing anything extreme like leaving the country. 千万不要做出诸如离开国家之类的极端行为。
a extreme example 极端事例 
extreme weather conditions 极端天气状况
extreme left-wing views 极左观点 
Some of his views seem rather extreme. 他的一些观点似乎有些极端。
extremes of cold, extremes of wind, extremes of rain 严寒；狂风；骤雨 
climatic, political, temperature extreme 气候上的极端；政治上的极端；温度上的极端 
There is no need to go to such extremes. 没必要走这样的极端。
It’s foolish to take any dieting to extremes. 饮食上走极端是愚蠢的。
at the extreme 在极端情况下 
His voice was scornful in the extreme. 他的声音听起来极为轻蔑。
She was always generous to the extreme. 她总是大方过头。
We are working under extreme pressure at the moment. 目前我们正在极大的压力下工作。
extreme poverty 极度贫困 
The heat in the desert was extreme. 沙漠中极其炎热。

adj.（大机构的专家）特聘的:
n. [C] 旅馆的住宿者:
adj. 1 在某地居住的:
2（医生或教师）住在任职地的:
n. [C] 美国的高级专科住院实习医生:
adj.（医生）住在任职地的:
n. [C] 某地的一个居民、住户:
resident |[ˈrezɪdənt]
Having begun her career at Gray's Pottery, she stayed there as resident designer for seven years. 在格雷陶器场开始自己的职业生涯后，她在那里做了七年的特聘设计师。
Tom's our resident expert (= our own expert) on foreign movies. 汤姆是我们自己的外国电影专家。
The hotel restaurant is open to non-residents. 旅店的餐馆对外开放。
the town's resident population (= not tourists or visitors) 镇上的居民 
to be resident abroad, to be resident in the US 常驻国外；常驻美国 
He moved to Belgium in 1990 to live with his son, who had been resident in Brussels since 1967. 他于1990年搬到比利时和儿子一起住。他儿子自1967年起就住在布鲁塞尔。
The morning after your arrival, you meet with the resident physician for a private consultation. 到达后的第二天早上，你就去见住院医生，进行私人问诊。
The morning after your arrival, you meet with the resident physician for a private consultation. 到达后的第二天早上，你就去见住院医生，进行私人问诊。
a resident of the United States 美国的居民 
There were confrontations between local residents and the police. 当地居民和警察之间有过冲突。
The Archbishop called upon the government to build more low cost homes for local residents. 大主教呼吁政府为当地居民建造更多低成本的住宅。
More than 10 percent of Munich residents live below the poverty line. 超过10％的慕尼黑居民生活在贫困线以下。

move to a new place and establish one's home or business there:搬到一个新的地方并在那里建立自己的家或企业
relocate |riːlə(ʊ)ˈkeɪt| Verb/:搬迁,重新安置
sixty workers could face redundancy because the firm is relocating:60名员工可能因公司搬迁而面临裁员

vt.＆vi. concentrate (sth) (on sth/on doing sth) 集中注意力，聚精会神。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
vt. 把…集中到一处:
vt. [术语] 通过缩减物质的体积（如通过煮沸的方式）而增强其浓度，即浓缩:
n. [C, U]（脱去水分等物质而制成的更浓稠的）浓缩物:
concentrate |['kɒnsəntreɪt]
I can’t concentrate with all that noise going on. 吵闹声不绝于耳，我无法集中精神。
I decided to concentrate all my efforts on finding somewhere to live. 我决定全力以赴找个住的地方。
Banks tend to concentrate on short-term lending. 银行倾向于专心做短期贷款。
Power is largely concentrated in the hands of a small elite. 权力主要集中在少数精英人物的手中。
to concentrate resources 集中资源 
Fighting was concentrated around the town. 战斗集中在该镇的周围。
mineral concentrates 精矿 
fruit juice concentrate 浓缩的果汁

n. [U] ~ (of sb/sth) (to sth) 精神或情感上的脆弱性:
n. [U] ~ (of sb/sth) (to sth) 易受攻击性、脆弱性:
n. [U] ~ (of sb/sth) (to sth) 身体上的脆弱性:
vulnerability |[ˌvʌlnərəˈbɪləti]
emotional vulnerability 情感上的脆弱 
the extreme vulnerability of old people to crime 老年人极易遭受犯罪行为之害
financial vulnerability 在财务上易受打击 
the economic vulnerability of unskilled workers 非熟练工人在经济上的弱势 
political vulnerability 政治上的脆弱 
security vulnerability 安全漏洞 
software vulnerability 软件脆弱性 
genetic vulnerability 基因中的弱点 
evidence of a genetic vulnerability to cancer 表明基因有易患癌症性质的证据 
emotional, physical vulnerability 情感上的脆弱；身体上的脆弱性 
the vulnerability of newborn babies to disease 新生婴儿容易患病 
The earthquake highlighted the vulnerability of elevated highways. 这次地震凸显了高架公路容易受损的弱点。
We attempt to fix security vulnerabilities as soon as possible.（计算机用语）我们试图尽快堵住安全上的漏洞。
The gang had taken advantage of the immigrants' vulnerability. 这伙歹徒利用了移民的弱点。
the extreme vulnerability of old people to crime 老年人极易遭受犯罪行为之害
genetic vulnerability 基因中的弱点 
evidence of a genetic vulnerability to cancer 表明基因有易患癌症性质的证据 
physical vulnerability 身体上的脆弱性 
the vulnerability of newborn babies to disease 新生婴儿容易患病 

~ (of sth/of doing sth) 危险的事物、造成危害的事物:
vt. 向某人给出一个你知道有可能是错误的建议，即斗胆提出建议、做出无把握的猜测:
hazard |[ˈhæzəd;美-ərd]
a serious fire hazard 严重的火灾隐患 
safety hazard 安全隐患 
hazard lights (= flashing lights on a car that warn other drivers of possible danger)（汽车上的）危险警示灯 
Holes in the pavement are a hazard for blind people. 人行道上的坑对盲人来说有危险。Stairs are a hazard for young children. 楼梯对小孩子来说有危险。
Everybody is aware of the hazards of smoking. 大家都明白吸烟的危害。
A new report suggests that chewing-gum may be a health hazard. 一份新报告指出，口香糖可能对健康有害。
Oil leaking from a barge in the Mississippi River poses a hazard to the drinking water of New Orleans. 密西西比河上驳船漏油事件危及新奥尔良市的饮用水。
The burning of industrial waste is a major hazard to human health. 焚烧工业废物对人类健康是一大危害。
industrial hazards such as excessive noise and pollution 诸如过量噪声和污染等工业危害 
Production of these chemicals poses serious environmental hazards. 生产这些化学品会严重危害环境。
Loneliness is one of the occupational hazards of being a writer. 孤独是作家所面临的一大职业危险。
The worst hazard we faced was having our money stolen. 我们遇到的最糟糕的事就是钱被偷了。
Go in September if you want to avoid the hazard of extreme heat. 如果想避开高温酷暑，那就九月份去。
Companies should have systems for dealing with work hazards. 公司应该有职业风险应对系统。
exposure to hazards 曝露于危险因素
Would you like to hazard a guess? 你想猜猜看吗？
'Fifteen or sixteen?' He hazarded. “15或16？” 他试着猜道。
I would hazard a guess that they'll do fairly well in the next election. 我斗胆猜测，他们在下一轮竞选中会有不错的表现。
‘Is it Tom you're going with? ’ she hazarded. “你是要和汤姆一起去吗？”她冒失地问。

adj. 与一个城市（city）或城镇（town）相关的，即城市的、都市的、城镇的:
urban |['ə:bən]
damage to both urban and rural environments 对城乡环境的破坏 
urban areas 城镇地区 
urban life 城市生活 
urban development 城市发展 
urban sprawl 城市扩张

n. [C] 部分:
n. [C]（尤指处于军事管制之下的）区域、地带:
n. [C] [几何学] 扇形:
n. [C]（尤指一国经济的）领域、部门:
n. [C]（尤指一国经济的）行业:
n. [C] 阶层:
sector |[ˈsektə(r)]
a sector of the population 人口的一部分
each sector of the war zone 战区的每个军管地段 
Officers were going to retake sectors of the city. 军官们打算重新夺回该市的防御区。
rural, urban sector 乡村；城区 
northern sector 北部地区 
Berlin was divided into four sectors after the war. 战后柏林被划分成四个区域。
independent（英）, private sector 私营部门 
public, state sector 公共部门；国有部门 
non-profit（尤美）, voluntary（英）非营利部门 
economic, industry, market sector 经济部门；工业部门；市场领域 
agricultural, business, commercial, corporate, export, industrial, manufacturing, media, retial, service sector 农业；商业领域；公司企业；出口部门；工业部门；制造业；媒体领域；零售业；服务业 
banking, financial, financial services（尤英）sector 银行业；金融业；金融服务业 
energy, oil sector 能源领域；石油行业 
electronics, high-tech, tech, technology, telecom（英）sector 电子业；高科技领域；技术领域；电信行业 
education, schools（英）, university（尤英）sector 教育部门；中小学；高校界 
the chronic underfunding of the education sector 教育部门的长期资金不足 
health, health-care sector 卫生部门；卫生保健部门 
tourism, tourist（尤英）sector 旅游业 
consumer, household（尤美）sector 消费品行业；家居业 
He went on to a successful career in the private sector. 他继而在私营机构干出了一番事业。
employment opportunities in the higher education sector 高等教育行业的就业机会 
The survey covers a wide range of industry sectors. 该调研覆盖了范围广泛的产业部门。      
independent（英）, private sector 私营行业 
public, state sector 公共行业；国有行业 
non-profit（尤美）, voluntary（英）非营利行业 
agricultural, business, commercial, industrial, manufacturing, media, retial, service sector 农业；商业；工业；制造业；媒体业；零售业；服务业 
banking, financial, financial services（尤英）sector 银行业；金融业；金融服务业 
oil sector 石油行业 
electronics, telecom（英）sector 电子业；电信行业 
tourism, tourist（尤英）sector 旅游业 
consumer, household（尤美）sector 消费品行业；家居业 
He went on to a successful career in the private sector. 他继而在私营机构干出了一番事业。
employment opportunities in the higher education sector 高等教育行业的就业机会
Workers who went to the Gulf came from the poorest sectors of Pakistani society. 前往海湾的工人来自巴基斯坦最贫穷的社会阶层。
a sector of society 社会阶层


greenhouse | 温室

n. 1 [U] [正式]（光、热、气等的）发出，射出，排放:
2 [C] 排放到空气中的气体等，如排放物、散发物:
emission |[iˈmɪʃn]
the emission of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere 向大气排放二氧化碳 
gaseous emission 气体排放 
carbon emission 碳排放 
emission controls 排放控制 
harmful, noxious, toxic emission 有害排放物；有毒排放物 
automobile（尤美）, exhaust, tailpipe（美）, vehicle emission 汽车排放物；废气排放；车辆尾气排放 
industrial emission 工业排放物 
atmospheric emission 大气排放 
greenhouse gas emission 温室气体排放 
acid, lead, mercury, methane, sulphur/sulfur emission 酸排放；铅排放；汞排放；甲烷排放；硫磺排放 
We must take action to cut vehicle emissions. 我们必须采取措施降低车辆尾气排放。
New power plants must offset emissions by funding climate-change projects. 新电站必须通过资助气候变化项目以补偿其排放。
measures to reduce harmful emissions from traffic 减少交通工具有害排放物的措施 
Sulfur emissions from steel mills become acid rain. 炼钢厂排放出的硫形成了酸雨。
