rape					强奸，油菜
heighten				加高，增强
awareness				意识
prevalence				流行
assault					袭击，冲击
accuse					指责，指控
hold accountable		追究责任
grapple					扭打，努力对付
accusation				指控
district				区域
attorney				代理人
prosecutor				公诉人
prosecution				起诉，控方，从事
prosecute				起诉，继续进行
tackle					处理，阻截
bureau					社，局
explore					勘查，探索
alternative				可供替代的，非传统的，选择
just					恰好，刚才，只是，公正的
charge					收取，指责，费用，主管
victim					受害者
perception				感觉，洞察，看法
decision				决定，判决，果断
pursue					追逐，从事
likelihood				可能性
conviction				定罪，坚定信念
acquaintance			相识的人，结识
intoxication			醉酒，陶醉
reject					驳回，拒绝
default					拖欠，默认
respond					答复，回应
ongoing					持续的，发展中的
implement				工具，实施
effect					结果，效果，实行
trauma					精神创伤
facilitate				促进，加快
\\\\\\\\

n. [sing.] [文学]（对一个地区或国家的）肆意损坏；肆意糟蹋；蹂躏:
n. [U]（也可用oilseed rape）油菜:
vt. 强奸:
rape |[reɪp]
As a result of the rape of the forests, parts of the country are now short of water. 由于森林遭到破坏，目前该国的部分地区水源短缺。
A young woman was brutally raped in her own home. 一名年轻女子在自己家中惨遭强暴。
She was attacked and brutally raped. 她受到袭击并被野蛮地强奸。
She was viciously raped at knifepoint. 她被人用刀胁迫残暴地强奸了。
She was worried about getting raped on her way home. 她担心在回家的路上遭到强奸。

vt.&vi.（使）（情感）加强，提高，增加:
heighten |[ˈhaɪtn]
Tension has heightened after the recent bomb attack. 最近的炸弹袭击之后，情势更加紧张。
The move has heightened tension in the state. 该举动加剧了州里的紧张气氛。
These latest murders have heightened fears of further attacks. 最近发生的这些谋杀案让人们愈加担心会出现更多的袭击。
The campaign is intended to heighten public awareness of the disease. 这场运动的目的是使公众更加了解这种疾病。
This latest attack has greatly heightened fears of an all-out war. 最近的袭击事件大大加剧了人们对爆发全面战争的恐慌。
Seeing others enjoying themselves only served to heighten his sense of loneliness. 看到别人开心快乐的样子反倒让他更觉孤独。

~ (that…) 意识；兴趣:
~ (that…) 知道；认识:
awareness |[əˈweənəs;美əˈwer-]
a growing awareness of healthy living 不断增强的健康生活的意识 
general, public普遍的意识；公众的意识 
consumer awareness 消费意识 
a marketing campaign to increase brand awareness 提高品牌意识的营销宣传活动 
emotional, sensory, spatial awareness 情感意识；感官意识；空间意识 
cultural, ecological, environmental, moral, political, racial, sexual, social, spiritual 文化意识；生态意识；环境意识；道德意识；政治意识；种族意识；性别意识；社会意识；精神意识 
Politicians now have much greater awareness of these problems. 从政者现在对这些问题有了更多的认识。
The group is trying to raise public awareness about homelessness.该团体正努力唤起公众对无家可归者的关注。
Environmental awareness has increased over the years. 这些年来人们的环境意识增强了。
awareness campaign, awareness programme/program 提高意识的宣传活动；提高意识的方案 
All staff receive mental health awareness training. 所有员工都接受精神健康意识培训。
the emergence of a new social awareness among young people 年轻人中新的社会意识的萌生 
an increased awareness of the risks 提高了的风险意识 
a lack of awareness 缺乏意识 
Energy Awareness Week（节约）能源意识周               
an awareness of the importance of eating a healthy diet 认识到健康饮食的重要性 
Politicians now have much greater awareness of these problems. 从政者现在对这些问题有了更多的认识。
There was an almost complete lack of awareness of the issues involved. 对有关问题几乎是一无所知。

the fact or condition of being prevalent; commonness:流行的事实或条件；共性
prevalence |ˈprɛv(ə)ləns| Noun/:患病率,流行程度
the prevalence of obesity in adults:成人肥胖患病率

vt. [正式] 使感官感到难受:
n. [C] ~ (on/upon sth) 对困难或危险的事情的努力达成，即（向困难或危险事物发起的）冲击:
n. [C] ~ (on/upon/against sb/sth) 对某人或某事的猛烈抨击、批评:
adj.（武器）用于战争的、军用的:
n. [C] ~ (on/upon/against sb/sth)（军队等）攻击、袭击一个建筑物、地区等（以获取其控制权）:
n. [U, C] ~ (on/upon sb) 侵犯他人身体的罪行:
vt. 猛烈攻击或袭击某人（尤指构成犯罪）:
assault |[əˈsɔ:lt]
Loud rock music assaulted our ears. 喧闹的摇滚乐直往我们耳朵里钻。
The government has mounted a new assault on unemployment (= in order to reduce it). 政府向失业发起新的攻势。
Three people died during an assault on the mountain (= while trying to climb it). 登山过程中有三人死亡。
The paper's assault on the president was totally unjustified. 这份报纸对总统的攻击纯属无稽之谈。
He leveled a verbal assault against his Democratic opponents. 他猛烈抨击其民主党对手。
The suggested closures came under assault from all parties. 关闭机构的建议受到各方严厉批评。
She used the article to make a sustained assault on her former political allies. 她利用这篇文章继续抨击以前的政治同盟。
He launched into a verbal assault on tabloid journalism. 他对小报新闻进行了口头抨击。
Today these values are under assault. 今天这些价值观受到抨击。
a two-year legal assault on alleged tax fraud 对涉嫌税收诈骗的行为长达两年的法律抨击
a high-powered assault rifle 大火力军用步枪 
assault weapons 军用武器
military assault 军事进攻 
Enemy troops launched an assault on the town. 敌军对该镇发起了进攻。
The factory came under assault from soldiers in the mountains. 工厂遭到山地士兵的袭击。
The garrison was built to withstand assaults. 建起要塞是为抵御攻击。
An assault on the capital was launched in the early hours of the morning. 凌晨时分向首都发起了攻击。
The rebels are poised for a new assault on the government garrisons. 叛军准备好要对政府驻军发起新一轮的猛攻。
Most US soldiers welcomed the ground assault when the order was finally given. 当命令最终下达的时候，大多数美军士兵都愿意发动地面进攻。
After an all-out assault the village was captured by the enemy. 敌人发起全面进攻后，占领了整个村庄。
aerial, air, airborne, amphibious, ground assault 空中打击；空袭；空降突击；两栖进攻；地面进攻 
air assaults by fighter planes 战斗机进行的空袭 
assault course（英）突击训练课程 
They took part in a vigorous army assault course. 他们参加了一个高强度的陆军突击训练课程。
assault operation 突击行动 
assault gun, assault rifle, assault weapon 突击炮；突击步枪；突击用的武器 
assault force, assault team, assault troops 突击部队；突击队 
assault helicopter, assault ship, assault vehicle 突击直升机；突击舰；突击车辆 
a series of assaults on enemy targets 对敌军目标的一连串袭击
Both men were charged with assault. 两人均被控侵犯他人身体罪。
A significant number of indecent assaults on women go unreported. 很大数量的猥亵妇女罪没有举报。
sexual assaults 性攻击（指强奸、猥亵）
The attack is one of a series of savage sexual assaults on women in the university area. 这次袭击是在大学校园内发生的一系列针对女性的野蛮性侵犯事件中的一起。
At the police station, I was charged with assault. 在警察局，我被指控殴打他人。
physical, racial（尤英）assault 身体伤害；种族攻击 
domestic assault 家庭侵害 
assaults committed by teenagers 十几岁的少年犯下的殴打他人罪 
He reported the assault to the police. 他向警方举报了被人殴打一事。
Better street lighting has helped reduce the number of assaults against women. 街灯照明的改善减少了女性遭袭击的数量。
allegations of police assault on the boy 对警方袭击这个男孩的指控 
assault and battery（法律用语） 企图伤害罪和殴打罪 
He has been charged with assaulting a police officer. 他被控袭击警察。
Four women have been sexually assaulted in the area recently. 近来这个地区有四名妇女遭到强奸猥亵。
She may have been sexually assaulted by her killer. 她可能遭到过凶手的性侵犯。
The gang assaulted him with iron bars. 这伙人用铁棍殴打他。
indecently（英）, physically, verbally assault 下流地猥亵；人身攻击；用言语攻击

vt. accuse sb (of sth) 指控某人犯罪，或指责其犯错或不义等:
accuse |[ə'kju:z]
to accuse sb of theft 控告某人盗窃 
He stands accused of murdering his wife. 他被控谋杀妻子。
She accused me of starting the fire! 她指控是我放的火！
They stand accused of crimes against humanity. (正式用法) 他们被控违反人道罪。
She accused him of lying. 她指责他说谎。
You couldn’t accuse him of being selfish. 你不能说他自私。
The government was accused of incompetence. 政府被指责无能。

vi. 努力设法解决问题:
vt.&vi. ~ (with sb/sth) 紧紧抓住某人或某事物并与其扭打、搏斗:
grapple |[ˈgræpl]
I was grappling to find an answer to his question. 我正在努力解决他的问题。
The new government has yet to grapple with the problem of air pollution. 新政府还需尽力解决空气污染问题。
The economy is just one of several critical problems the country is grappling with. 经济问题只是该国正竭力解决的几个关键问题之一。
Passers-by grappled with the man after the attack. 袭击之后过路人便与这男人扭打起来。
They managed to grapple him to the ground. 他们终于把他摔倒在地。
They grappled desperately for control of the weapon. 他们疯狂扭打，想把武器抢到手。
He was grappling with an alligator in a lagoon. 他正在环礁湖里与一只短吻鳄搏斗。

~ (that…)（对犯错的人的）谴责、指责、批评:
n. [C]（尚未证实的被控告的）罪名，罪状:
accusation |[ˌækjuˈzeɪʃn]
No one believed her wild accusations against her husband. 无人相信她对她丈夫的无端指责。
He denied the accusation that he had ignored the problems. 他否认别人对他忽视这些问题的指控。
There was a hint of accusation in her voice. 她的话音中暗含谴责的意思。
Kim rejects accusations that Country music is over-sentimental. 对于乡村音乐过于感伤的指责，金表示反对。
Another accusation levelled at the Minister is that he does not understand ordinary people. 另一个矛头则直指部长不懂得体恤百姓。
They sank into mutual accusation and recrimination. 他们落到了相互指责和归罪的地步。
She made a lot of thinly veiled accusations. 她多次提出指责，几乎不加什么掩饰。
They have the nerve to level these accusations against one of our most respected members. 他们竞敢将这些指责指向我们最受尊敬的一名成员。
There seem to be a lot of wild accusations flying around. 胡乱的指责似乎满天飞。
You made a public accusation of misconduct against Saunders. 你公开谴责了桑德斯失职。
accusations of corruption, accusations of cruelty, accusations of racism 对贪污腐化的指控；对残暴行为的指控；对种族主义的指控 
people who have made public accusations of rape 公开指控强奸罪名的人们 
The government denied the accusation that it was involved in the murders. 政府否认了参与谋杀案的指控。
I don't want to make an accusation until I have some proof. 我要有一些证据以后才提出控告。
Their father now faces an accusation of murder. 他们的父亲正面临谋杀罪的指控。
New evidence has emerged which supports the accusation against her. 支持对她的指控的新证据已出现 
He fled the country amid accusations of fraud. 他身陷欺诈指控，于是潜逃出国。
He was forced to defend himself against accusations of plagiarism. 他被迫对自己涉嫌抄袭的指控进行辩护。
She rejected all the accusations brought against her. 她否认所有对自己的指控。

n. 1 [C] 一国（或一个城镇）的一个地区，尤指具有某些特征的地区:
2 [C] 一个国家、城镇或州邦出于管理（尤指行政管理）之目的而划分出来的若干区域（可称为行政区、管区等）之一（各区域之间具有正式或官方的界线）:
district |['dɪstrɪkt]
Fire crews from all the surrounding districts helped to fight the fires. 来自周边各区的消防人员参与扑火。
central, downtown（美）district 中心区；闹市区 
remote district 偏僻地区 
northern district 北方地区 
rich, wealthy district 富裕地区 
historic district 历史名胜区 
conservation district（美）保护区 
coastal, country, local, urban district 沿海地区；乡村地区；当地；市区 
business, commercial, industrial, residential district 商业区；工业区；住宅区 
arts, shopping district 艺术区；购物区 
Times Square is the entertainment district of New York. 时代广场是纽约的娱乐区。
mining district（美）采矿区 
tax district 税务区 
administrative district 行政区 
electoral, polling, voting district（美）选区；投票区 
Republican district 共和党占上风的区 
military, school（美）district 军事区；学区 
red-light district 红灯区 
district council 区政务委员会 
district court（美国的）地区法庭

n. [C] 业务上的代理人:
n. 1 [C] [尤美]（美国的）律师，尤指代表当事人出庭的律师:
2 [C] 法律事务上的代理人:
attorney |[əˈtɜ:ni;美əˈtɜ:rni]
She was made her father's attorney when he became ill. 她在父亲生病时代理父亲的事务。
a prosecuting attorney 检控官 
She was made her father's attorney when he became ill. 她在父亲生病时代理父亲的事务。

n. [C] 原告律师、控方律师:
n. [C] 公诉人、检察官:
prosecutor |[ˈprɒsɪkju:tə(r);美ˈprɑ:s-]
the public prosecutor, the state prosecutor 公诉人；州检察官

n. [U] [正式] 使某事发生的行为，如实施、从事、进行:
n. [sing.] the prosecution可指原告、控方（包括原告和控方律师等）:
n. [U, C]（被）起诉、检举:
prosecution |[ˌprɒsɪˈkju:ʃn;美ˌprɑ:s-]
The prosecution alleged that he murdered his wife. 控方称他谋杀了自己的妻子。
prosecution case, prosecution evidence 原告提出的论据；控方提出的证据 
prosecution counsel（英）, prosecution lawyer, prosecution team, prosecution witness 原告律师；控方团队；控方证人 
prosecution costs（英）原告承担的费用 
He was a witness for the prosecution. 他是原告证人。
The prosecution has/have failed to prove its/their case. 控方未能证明所控属实。
defence and prosecution 被告和原告 
Colonel Pugh, for the prosecution, said that the offences occurred over a six-year period. 皮尤上校为控方律师作证时说这些罪行是在六年的时间里犯下的。
Yesterday the head of government called for the prosecution of those responsible for the deaths. 昨天，政府首脑要求起诉那些该为这些人的死亡负责的人。
Prosecution for a first minor offence rarely leads to imprisonment. 因初犯轻罪被控者很少被判监禁。
criminal, federal（美）, private（英）prosecution 刑事起诉；联邦起诉；自诉 
He threatened to bring a private prosecution against the doctor. 他威胁要对医生提起民事诉讼。
The police brought a prosecution against the driver involved. 警方对涉案的司机提起了诉讼。
Prosecutions for water pollution more than doubled. 水污染引起的起诉增加了一倍多。
immunity from prosecution 免于公诉

vt. [正式] 继续参与某事或继续做某事:
vt.&vi. ~ (sb) (for sth/doing sth) 正式起诉某人（某项罪行）:
vt.&vi. 担任控方律师:
prosecute |[ˈprɒsɪkju:t;美ˈprɑ:s-]
They had overwhelming public support to prosecute the war. 绝大多数民众支持他们继续进行这场战争。
The company was prosecuted for breaching the Health and Safety Act. 这家公司被控违反《卫生安全条例》。
Trespassers will be prosecuted (= a notice telling people to keep out of a particular area). 闲人莫入，违者必究。
The police decided not to prosecute. 警方决定不予起诉。
The police have decided not to prosecute because the evidence is not strong enough. 由于证据不足，警方已决定不起诉。
Photographs taken by roadside cameras will soon be enough to prosecute drivers for speeding. 路边电子眼拍下的照片很快将足以起诉超速的司机。
prosecuting counsel, prosecuting lawyer, prosecuting attorney 原告律师 
James Spencer, prosecuting, claimed that the witness was lying. 原告律师詹姆斯·斯潘塞指称证人在撒谎。
The attorney who will prosecute the case says he cannot reveal how much money is involved. 将对此案提起公诉的律师说他不能透露具体的涉案金额。

vt.（果断或高效地）应付，处理，解决（难题、困难局面或任务）:
vt. 对施用暴力或威胁手段的人进行制止或反击，如抓获、给以颜色:
n. [U]（吊拉物体用的）索具，滑轮组:
vt. ~ sb (about sth)（坦率地）向某人交涉（困难情况）:
vt. ~ sb (about sth)（坦率地）向某人提起（问题）:
n. [C] [美]（美式足球中的）负责以擒抱方式进行的阻截的队员:
vt.&vi.（在足球、曲棍球等运动中）抢球:
vt.&vi.（在橄榄球或美式足球中）以擒抱摔倒的方式来阻截对方前进:
n. 1 [C]（足球等运动中的）抢球:
2 [C]（橄榄球或美式足球中的）以擒抱方式进行的阻截:
n. [U]（做某项体育运动或活动所用的）用具，尤指渔具:
tackle |[ˈtækl]
The government is determined to tackle inflation. 政府决心解决通货膨胀问题。
The first reason to tackle these problems is to save children's lives. 果断处理这些问题的首要原因是为了挽救孩子们的生命。
The problem is being tackled with a range of measures. 这个问题正通过一系列措施予以处理。
The drugs problem has to be tackled head-on. 对于毒品问题必须迎头痛击。
We are failing to tackle the key issues. 我们在处理关键问题方面受到挫折。
Firemen later tackled the blaze. 消防队员们后来扑灭了这场大火。
He tackled a masked intruder at his home. 他在家里抓住了一个私自闯入的蒙面人。
He claims Pasolini overtook and tackled him, pushing him into the dirt. 他声称帕索利尼追上去打他，把他推倒在烂泥里。
I finally hoisted him up with a block and tackle. 我最终用滑轮组把他拉了上去。
I tackled him about the money he owed me. 我就他欠我钱的事与他进行了交涉。
I tackled him about how anyone could live amidst so much poverty. 我坦率地问他，人在如此贫穷的环境中如何还能生存。
defensive, offensive tackle 防守截锋；进攻截锋 
left, right tackle 左截锋；右截锋 
nose tackle 正截锋
He was tackled just outside the penalty area. 他就在罚球区外让对方把球抢断。
Foley tackled the quarterback. 福利成功拦截了四分卫。
He can run fast and tackle hard. 他跑得快，阻截凶猛。
bad, crunching, late tackle（均英）恶意铲球；粗暴铲球；铲球过迟 
cover, scything, sliding tackle（均英）补位铲球；抡脚铲球；倒地铲球 
a crunching tackle from her opponent 对手对她的粗暴铲断 
He was booked for a tackle from behind on Morris. 他因从背后铲断莫里斯而被记名警告。
She lost the ball in a tackle. 她在抢断中丢了球。
high tackle（橄榄球比赛中的）过高扑搂 
Their captain was sent off for a high tackle on Cooper. 他们的队长因过高扑搂库珀被罚下场。
flying tackle 鱼跃扑接 
A security guard brought him down with a flying tackle. 一名保安飞身把他扑倒。
football（美）, rugby tackle 美式橄榄球的扑搂；英式橄榄球扑搂 
He bruised his arm making a tackle against the Browns. 他在对布朗队的比赛中扑搂时擦伤了手臂。
fishing tackle 渔具

n. 1 [C] [美]（提供某方面信息的）办事处，办公室，机构:
2 [C]（公司或组织机构在其它国家或地区的）办事处:
n. [C] [英]（附有抽屉和折叠式桌面的）书桌、写字台:
n. [C] [美，美式也可用bureau或dresser] 一种低矮的、有抽屉的衣柜（可以装衣物和其它东西），相当于chest of drawers:
n. [C] 美国政府部门的下属部门，如局、处、科:
bureau |[ˈbjʊərəʊ;美ˈbjʊroʊ]
an employment bureau 职业介绍所 
the Citizens' Advice Bureau 市民咨询局 
the Wall Street Journal's Washington bureau《华尔街日报》华盛顿分社 
The bureau handles millions of requests each year. 该办事处每年处理数百万项请求。
bureau staff 办事处职员 
bureau chief 办事处负责人
the Federal Bureau of Investigation 联邦调查局 
the US Bureau of Prisons 美国监狱管理局 
federal, government bureau（均美）联邦办公署；政府办公署 
census bureau 人口普查局 
credit bureau 信贷处 
news bureau 新闻局 
convention bureau 会展局 
visitors bureau 旅游观光局

vt. 彻底而细致地探究某事物（以期对其了解得更多），相当于analyse:
vt.＆vi. explore (sth) (for sth) 在某片地域或某个国家穿行以期对其进行了解，如勘探、勘察、探索、考察:
vt. 用手（或身体的其他部位）去感觉某事物，如探察，有一种探索的意味:
explore |[ɪk'splɔ:]
These ideas will be explored in more detail in chapter 7. 这些观点将在第7章做更详细的探讨。
These questions have not been fully explored yet. 这些问题还没有充分探讨。
The city is best explored on foot. 最好是徒步考察这个城市。
to explore the land 勘查土地 
companies exploring for oil 石油勘探公司
She explored the sand with her toes. 她用脚趾感觉沙的情况。

adj. 只用于名词前，与通常或传统的行为方式不同的，如非传统的、另类的:
adj.（美尤用alternate）可替代其它事物而被使用的，即替代性的:
n. [C] 在两个或更多可能性之中你可选择去做的某事（或可选择去拥有的某事物）:
alternative |[ɔ:l'tə:nətɪv]
alternative comedy, alternative lifestyles, alternative values 非传统喜剧；非传统生活方式；非传统价值观 
alternative energy (= electricity or power that is produced using the energy from the sun, wind, water, etc.) 非传统能源（指太阳能、风能、水能等）
alternative method, alternative solution 替代性方法；替代方案
You can be paid in cash weekly or by cheque monthly; those are the two alternatives. 你的工资可以按周以现金支取，或按月以支票支取。二者可选其一。
We had no alternative but to fire Gibson. 我们别无选择，只有辞退吉布森。
Is there a viable alternative to prison? 除入狱外还有无其他可行的选择？
a healthier alternative to fried chicken 比炸鸡更健康的另一选择 
alternatives to fossil fuels 化石燃料的替代物

adv. just as good, nice, easily, etc. 和…同样好、容易等，即不比…差、难等:
adj. 常作前置定语，（在某种情况中）合适的，恰当的:
adv. 用于表示歉意等:
adv. 用于对某人表示赞同:
adv. 用于做出礼貌请求等:
adv. 1 just as ... 正当…时:
2 现在，此时；也可指那时:
3 just about/going to do sth 正要，正准备，马上就要:
adv. 刚才，方才，刚刚:
adv. 1 只是，仅仅是，相当于simply:
just (to do sth) 仅仅，只不过，相当于only:
just after, before, under, etc. sth 刚好，勉强，差一点就不…:
adv. 置于动词前，用以暗示某事的后果是不良的，且很可能使情况变得更糟，即只会:
adj. 常作前置定语，大多数人在道德上认为…是公平的、合理的、正义的，相当于fair:
n. [pl.] the just 为复数名词，指公正的人:
adv. 用于强调其后紧接着的词或短语，为表达诸如恼怒、羡慕、欣赏或确定之类的感情，即就是:
adv. [非正式] 确实:
adv. [非正式] 真正地，完全:
adv. could/might/may just 表示某事稍有可能（发生或是真的）。可能的程度一般较轻:
adv. 用于引起某人的注意，或给予某人许可，即请，就:
adv. just (like/what/as ...) 正好，恰好，相当于exactly:
just |[dӡʌst]
The floor is just as bright as a mirror. 地板像镜子一样明亮。
a just reward 应有的报偿 
a just punishment 应有的惩罚 
He got his just deserts. 他罪有应得。
I’ve just got a few things to do first. 对不起，我正好有点事要先做。
“He’s a talent.” “Isn’t he just?” “他是个天才。”“可不是吗？”
Could you just help me? 你能帮我一下吗？ 
He was watching a football game on TV when I just went into his room. 我进他房间的时候，他正在电视上看足球赛。
I’m just finishing my read. 眼下我正要读完（那本书等）。
Just then the phone rang. 正在那时，电话铃响了。
I’m just about to leave. 我正要离开。
I’m just going to tell you. 我正准备告诉你呢。
I’ve just sold my house. 我刚刚卖了自己的房子。
I’m just an ordinary man. 我只是一个普通人。
I finished the task in just three weeks. 我仅仅用了三个星期就完成了任务。
This is just another work that I have to do. 这仅仅是我要做的另一份工作而已。
just because ... 仅仅是因为… 
2 just (for sth) 
just for fun 仅仅是为了好玩 
I’m just looking. 我只是看看。
There’s just one chance for you. 你仅有一次机会。
3 (only) just 
It’s just after eleven. 刚过十一点。
I only just caught the flight. 我差一点就没赶上飞机。
By spending more time doing his work at night, he just hurt the health of himself. 他在晚上花更多的时间去工作，这只会糟蹋自己的健康。
a just law 公正的法律 
a just society 公正的社会 
to fight a just war 打一场正义的战争 
She just won’t relax. 她就是不放松。
It’s just wonderful! 实在是太好了！
I can just imagine his reaction. 我完全能想象出他会是什么反应。
He might just be at school. 他也许在学校。
Just listen to me. 请听我说。
Just help yourselves. 请大家随便吃。
This is the just book that I’m looking for. 这就是我正在找的那本书。
This is just what I want. 这正是我想要的。
The pair of shoes is just my size. 这双鞋正合我的脚。
He looks just like his father. 他长得像他的父亲。

n. 1 [U] 主管某一职责。强调对该职位所管辖的事务负责:
2 [C] 被照管的人，为正式和幽默说法:
vt. charge sb (with sth/with doing sth) 公开指责或谴责某人做了错事或坏事，为正式用法:
n. [C] 指责或谴责某人做了错事或坏事，相当于allegation:
n. [C] 单数名词，表示引起强烈感情的力量，即感染力，震撼力:
vt. charge sth (with sth) 文学用语，常用被动式，指使某人充满某种情绪:
vt.＆vi. 向前猛冲，攻击:
vi. 向某个方向冲去:
n. [C] 突然猛冲或暴力猛攻，如士兵的冲锋、动物的猛冲或一些体育运动中运动员的猛攻:
n. [C] 单数名词，表示任务、职责或责任，为正式用法:
vt. charge sb with sth 赋予某人一项责任或任务，为正式用法，常用被动式:
vt. 英国正式用法中可指注满玻璃杯:
n. [C, U] 电池（或带电物质）的充电量、带电量、电荷:
vt. charge (sth) (up) 给…充电:
n. [C, U] charge (for sth) 对商品和服务所进行的要价，收费，是从卖方角度给出的定义:
charge (sb) sth (for sth) 对商品或服务进行收费，要价:
n. [C, U] 北美非正式用法中可指赊欠账，词义上相当于account，但不如account常用。不过charge既可指赊欠账户，也可指赊欠行为:
vt. charge sth to sth 把…记在账上:
n. [C] 射击或爆炸所需的炸药量:
vt. 过时用法中可指为枪炮装炸药:
n. [C] 士兵的冲锋:
vt.＆vi. 向前猛冲，攻击:
vt. charge sb (with sth/with doing sth) 正式控告或起诉:
n. [C, U] 由警方对某人所提起的正式指控，控告:
n. [C] 突然猛冲或暴力猛攻:
vi. 向某个方向冲去:
charge |[tʃɑːdӡ]
She has charge of the day-to-day running of the business. 她负责掌管日常业务。
to take charge of the financial side 主管财务工作 
He took charge of the farm after his father’s death. 他在父亲去世后掌管了农场。
The conductor has overall charge of the train. 列车长对列车负总责。
She took personal charge of the files. 她亲自掌管文件。
The child is under my charge until her mother returns. 这孩子在她妈妈回来之前由我照管。
I need to feel more in charge of my life. 我需要能在更大程度上掌控自己的生活。
Opposition MPs charged the minister with neglecting her duty. 反对党议员指责女部长玩忽职守。
Be careful you don’t leave yourself open to charges of political bias. 你要小心别留下把柄，让人家指责你带有政治偏见。
The prime minister dismissed the charge that he had misled Parliament. 首相否认了他误导议会的指控。
the emotional charge of the piano piece 那首钢琴曲扣人心弦的感染力
The room was charged with hatred. 这个房间里充满了敌意。
a highly charged atmosphere 一触即发的紧张气氛
The bull put its head down and charged. 公牛低下头猛冲过来。
We charged at the enemy. 我们向敌人发起冲锋。
She charged into the room. 她冲进屋内。
The children were all charging around outside. 孩子们在外面乱冲乱撞。
The rhino charged headlong towards/toward us. 犀牛急速地向我们冲来。
He led the charge down the field. 他努力沿着球场冲杀过去。
cavalry charge 骑兵或装甲兵的攻击 
They were driven back by a police baton charge. 他们被警察用警棍赶了回去。
Young people are leading the charge to clean up the city. 年轻人率先打扫城市卫生。
His charge was to obtain information. 他的职责是收集信息。
The governing body is charged with managing the school within its budget. 管理机构负有在预算范围内管理好学校的职责。
Please charge your glasses and drink a toast to the bride and groom! 请各位斟满酒杯向新娘、新郎敬酒！
positive, negative charge 正电荷；负电荷 
Before use, the battery must be charged. 电池使用前必须充电。
to make a small charge for refreshments 收取少量茶点费 
fixed, standard charge 固定收费；标准收费 
additional, extra charge 附加收费；额外收费 
commission, handling, interest charge 佣金；搬运费；利息费 
service charge 服务费 
delivery charge 配送费 
admission, call charge 入场费；通话费 
to be free of charge 免费 
There is no charge for this service. 本项服务免费。
vt.＆vi. charge (sb/sth) for sth 
to charge you half price 收你半价 
to charge for admission 收入场费 
to charges a commission on all transactions 对所有交易收取手续费 
What did they charge for the repairs? 他们收了多少修理费？
The restaurant charged £20 for dinner. 这家餐馆收了20英镑的餐费。
Calls will be charged at 90 cents a minute. 话费将按每分钟90美分收取。
to put it on my charge 把它记在我的账上 
‘Are you paying cash?’ ‘No, it’ll be a charge.’ “你用现金支付吗？”“不，记账吧。”
The cost is charged directly to the profit and loss account. 成本直接记在损益账上。
£50 will be charged to your account. 50英镑将记在你的账下。
Don’t worry. I’ll charge it (= pay by credit card).（美）别担心，我会用信用卡付款的。
cavalry charge 骑兵或装甲兵的攻击 
We charged at the enemy. 我们向敌人发起冲锋。
He was charged with murder. 他被指控犯有谋杀罪。
Several people were arrested but nobody was charged. 有数人被捕，但均未受到起诉。
He has been charged in connection with the attack. 他被指控与那起袭击案件有关。
civil, criminal, disciplinary charge 民事指控；刑事指控；违反纪律指控 
murder charge 谋杀指控 
charge sheet（英）案情记录 
to drop, to withdraw charge 撤销控告；撤回指控 
to face a charge 面临指控 
Police have brought a charge of dangerous driving against the man. 警方以危险驾驶罪控告那名男子。
The court dismissed the charge against him. 法庭驳回了对他的指控。
They were driven back by a police baton charge.（英）他们被警察用警棍赶了回去。
The animal might charge at us. 那只动物可能会袭击我们。        

n. 1 [C] 由于罪行、疾病、事故等而受到攻击、受伤或罹难的人，即受害者，罹难者，患病者，牺牲品:
2 [C] 不幸环境的牺牲品，如由于别人的行为或信仰而被愚弄的人，相当于target:
n. [C] 作为祭品而被杀死的人或动物，即牺牲:
victim |['vɪktɪm]
the child victims of the war 受战争之害的儿童 
civilian, injured victim 受害平民；伤者 
AIDS, cancer victim 艾滋病患者；癌症患者 
bomb, accident victim 爆炸事件受害者；事故受害者 
disaster, earthquake victim 灾民；地震灾民 
domestic-violence, murder victim 家庭暴力受害者；谋杀案受害者 
Tourists are easy victims for pickpockets. 游客很容易遭扒窃。
victim culture, victim mentality 受害者文化；受害者心态 
They were the victims of a cruel hoax. 他们被无情地诓骗了。
Boys are the primary victims of corporal punishment. 男孩是体罚的主要对象。
a fashion victim 盲目赶时髦的人 
the victim of an uncaring society 冷漠社会的牺牲品 
Schools are the latest victims of cuts in public spending. 学校是削减公共开支的最新牺牲品。
a sacrificial victim 祭品

n. [U] [正式]（对某事物本质的）洞察力、悟性:
n. [U, C] [正式] ~ (that…) 看法、见解:
n. [U] [术语]（尤指感官产生的）知觉、感知，且尤指视觉感知:
perception |[pəˈsepʃn;美pərˈs-]
She showed great perception in her assessment of the family situation. 她对家庭状况的分析显示出敏锐的洞察力。
It did not require a great deal of perception to realise the interview was over. 并不需要多少洞察力也能意识到面试已经结束了。
a campaign to change public perception of the police 改变警察公众形象的运动 
a marketing strategy to overcome negative public perception of the company 一种消除公众对该公司负面看法的营销策略 
These developments hardly affected the public perception of the crisis. 进展情况几乎没有影响公众对危机的看法。
There is a general public perception that standards in schools are falling. 公众普遍认为，学校的水平都在下降。
He is interested in how our perceptions of death affect the way we live. 他感兴趣的是我们对死亡的看法如何影响我们的生活。
their perception of foreigners 他们对外国人的印象 
The book explored the changing perceptions about gender. 这本书探讨了不断变化的对性别的看法。
I was shocked to learn of the perception people have of me. 得知人们对我的看法我很震惊。
Your brand name should create a distinctive perception in the customer's mind. 你的品牌名称应该在顾客心中建立起一种与众不同的形象。
Movies have shaped our perception of many historical events. 电影左右了我们对许多历史事件的看法。
The computer changes our perceptions of place and time. 计算机改变了我们的时空观。
This study dispels the perception that men are better drivers. 这项研究消除了人们认为男人驾车水平更高的看法。
This film challenges traditional perceptions of older people. 这部电影挑战了老年人的传统观念。
The survey reflects the perceptions of business people around the world. 该调查反映了世界各地商界人士的看法。
our perception of reality 我们对现实的感知 
heightened perception caused by drugs 吸食毒品后产生的飘飘然的感觉 
He has a heightented perception that causes him to hear voices from another world. 他有一种升仙了的感觉，使他听到了来自另一个世界的声音。
The company wanted to boost the overall perception of the brand. 该公司希望提升品牌的整体认知度。
consumer perception 消费者的认知 
culture perception 文化认知 
subjective perception 主观认知 
auditory, extrasensory, sense, sensory, visual perception 听觉；超感知觉；感觉；感官知觉；视觉 
hazard（英）, risk（尤美）, threat（美）perception 对危险的感知；对风险的感知；对威胁的感知 
If we improve drivers' hazard perception, road deaths will fall. 如果我们提高司机们感知危险的能力，交通死亡人数就会下降。
cultural differences in risk perception between European students and their American counterparts 欧洲学生和美国学生之间在风险认知方面的文化差异 

decision (to do sth) 在思考和讨论了最佳选项之后所做出的一种选择或判断，即（做出的）决定:
2 [U] 也可用decisiveness，明确而快速地对某事做出决定的能力，即决断力、果断:
3 [U] 对某事做出决策的过程，即做决定，做决策:
decision |[dɪ'sɪӡən]
The final decision is yours.（英）最终的决定权属于你。
a difficult decision on her future 事关她前途的一个艰难决定 
last-minute decision 最后一刻做出的决定 
to make the final decision 做出最终决定 
This is not a job for someone who lacks decision. 不果断的人不适宜做这份工作。
The moment of decision had arrived. 决策的时刻已经到了。

vt. [正式] 追求一个兴趣:
vt. [正式] 付出努力（通常是长时间的努力）追求一个目标或结果:
vt. [正式] 继续查找，即追查、追究:
vt. [正式]（尤指为了抓住…而）追赶、追逐某人或某事物:
vt. [正式] 实施、贯彻、执行一项活动或计划:
vt. [正式] 追问、追究:
pursue |[pəˈsju:;美pərˈsu:]
Which career do you wish to pursue? 你打算干哪一行？
She wishes to pursue a medical career. 她希望从事医学工作。
He was still doggedly pursuing his studies. 他坚持不懈地进行着自己的研究。
It became harder for women married to diplomats to pursue their own interests. 与外交官结婚的女性要追求自己的爱好就变得更加困难了。
the freedom to pursue her own interests 做她自己感兴趣之事的自由 
to pursue a goal/an aim/an objective 追求（或实现）目标 
The implication seems to be that it is impossible to pursue economic reform and democracy simultaneously. 言外之意似乎是经济改革和民主化进程是不可能同时进行的。
He has aggressively pursued new business. 他积极开拓新业务。
We have decided not to pursue the matter. 我们决定不再追究这件事。
She left the theatre, hotly pursued by the press. 她离开剧场，被记者穷追不舍。
He pursued her relentlessly, refusing to take ‘no’ for an answer. 他锲而不舍地追着她，拒不接受“不”的回答。
She pursued the man who had stolen a woman's bag. 她追赶那个偷了一个妇女提包的男人。
He ran past, hotly pursued by two policemen. 他跑了过去，两名警察在后面穷追不舍。
Police pursued the car at high speed. 警察高速追赶那辆汽车。
We intend to pursue this policy with determination. 我们准备坚决贯彻这项政策。
to pursue legal action 进行诉讼
If your original request is denied, don't be afraid to pursue the matter. 如果你最初的请求遭到拒绝，不要害怕，要继续追问下去。

n. 1 [U] 可能、可能性:
2 [sing.] 可能的事:
likelihood |[ˈlaɪklihʊd]
The likelihood of infection is minimal. 感染的可能性极小。
There didn't seem much likelihood of it happening. 这种事情发生的可能性不大。
There is very little likelihood of that happening. 几乎没有发生那种事情的可能。
There's every likelihood that she'll be able to help us. 她极有可能会帮助我们。
Without a guide, there seemed little likelihood of reaching our goal. 如果没有向导，要到达我们的目的地可能性似乎极小。
Taking regular exercise reduces the likelihood of a heart attack. 经常锻炼身体可以降低心脏病发作的几率。
This shouldn't affect the likelihood of you getting the job. 这不应该影响你获得这份工作。
Staff have to calculate continuously the likelihood of danger. 工作人员必须时刻估测危险发生的可能性。
likelihood for success 成功的可能性 
Is there any likelihood of our getting our money back? 我们有可能要回钱吗？
In all likelihood, he'll be fit to play on Saturday. 他极可能恢复健康，参加星期六的比赛。
In all likelihood (= very probably) the meeting will be cancelled. 这次会议十有八九要被取消。
The likelihood is that (= it is likely that) unemployment figures will continue to fall. 很有可能失业人数会继续下降。
But the likelihood is that people would be willing to pay if they were certain that their money was going to a good cause. 但如果人们确切知道自己的钱会用于做善事，他们就可能更愿意掏腰包。
That, as we all know, is not only a possibility but a likelihood. 众所周知，那不仅可能发生，而且是很可能发生。

n. 1 [C, U] ~ (that…) 坚定的看法（或信念）:
These experiences reinforced my conviction that music helps learning. 这些经历增强了我的信念:
2 [U] 坚信、深信、坚定、肯定:
n. [U] 坚定:
n. [U] 肯定:
n. [C, U] ~ (for sth) 判罪、定罪；被证明有罪:
conviction |[kənˈvɪkʃn]
a conviction that all would be well in the end 最终一切都会好起来的坚定信念 
It is my firm conviction that nothing will change until we address the root causes of the problem. 我坚信，除非我们治理问题的根源，否则什么也不会改变。
inner conviction 内心的信念 
ideological, moral, political, religious, theological conviction 意识形态的信念；道德信念；政治信念；宗教信念；神学信仰 
Catholic, Christian conviction 天主教信仰；基督教信仰 
She had this absolute conviction that what she liked others would like. 她绝对相信只要她喜欢的别人也会喜欢。
They share a deep conviction that their views on world matters are still vitally important. 他们都坚信他们对世界大事的看法依然极其重要。
The American Constitution reflects certain religious convictions. 美国宪法反映了某些宗教信念。
Nothing could shake her conviction that she could not be beaten. 她深信自己不会被打败，什么都不能动摇她的这一信念。
conviction politics（英）基于个人信念的政治 
the demise of consensus and the rise of conviction politics 共识政治的终结与基于个人信念的政治的兴起 
He had a strong personal conviction about the power of the printed word. 他个人坚信印刷文字的力量。
have the courage of your convictions(= to be brave enough to do what you feel to be right）有勇气做自己认为对的事 
‘Not true! ’ she said with conviction. “不真实！”她肯定地说道。
He said he agreed but his voice lacked conviction. 他说他赞同，但语气不坚定。
There was no great conviction in his voice. 他的声音显示出他的信念并不坚定。
The leader's speech in defence of the policy didn't carry much conviction. 那位领导人为政策辩护的讲话不是很有说服力。
Nor did his denial carry conviction. 他的否认也没有说服力。
Her explanation failed to carry conviction(= failed to sound convincing)in the face of the facts. 在事实面前，她的解释没有说服力。
Her arguments lacked conviction. 她的论据缺乏说服力。
He said he agreed but his voice lacked conviction. 他说他赞同，但语气不坚定。
There was no great conviction in his voice. 他的声音显示出他的信念并不坚定。
‘Not true! ’ she said with conviction. “不真实！”她肯定地说道。
an offence which carries, on conviction, a sentence of not more than five years' imprisonment 定罪后可判处五年或五年以下监禁的罪行 
earlier, previous（尤英）, prior（美）conviction 先前的判罪；前科 
She has six previous convictions for theft. 她有六次盗窃前科。
spent conviction（英）失效的判决 
You are not obliged to acknowledge spent convictions. 你没有义务承认已经失效的判决。
successful conviction（尤英）成功的定罪 
unsafe（英）, wrongful conviction 依据不可靠证据所作的判决；不公正的判决 
Keeping this information from the jury could result in a wrong/ul conviction. 对陪审团隐瞒这一信息会导致错误的判决。
criminal conviction 刑事定罪 
drug, murder conviction 毒品罪；谋杀罪 
He has three criminal convictions. 他曾三次被判刑事罪。
A reward is offered for information leading to the conviction of the attacker. 悬赏寻找可将攻击者定罪的信息。
They need strong evidence to secure a conviction. 要想定罪，他们需要强有力的证据。
He believes that too many defendants are escaping conviction by claiming that they are insane. 他认为有很多被告通过声称精神失常而逃脱定罪。
appeal（美）, appeal against（英）conviction 不服判决而提起上诉 
He appealed against his conviction for murder. 他不服谋杀的判决，提起上诉。
Her lawyer said that she plans to appeal her conviction. 她的律师说，她打算就针对她的判决提起上诉。
a conviction based on very slim evidence 证据不足的情况下作出的定罪 
The conviction rate for rape is low. 强奸的定罪率较低。
His sentence on conviction would be life imprisonment. 他一经定罪，将被判无期徒刑。
The court overturned the conviction against her. 法院推翻了对她的判决。
a conviction for murder 判以谋杀罪

n. 1 [C] 一个你所认识的人（但非亲密朋友）:
2 [U, C] [正式] acquaintance (with sb) 程度很浅的友谊，即略有交情:
n. [U, C] [正式] acquaintance with sb/sth 对某人的了解:
n. [U, C] [正式] acquaintance with sb/sth 对某事物的了解:
acquaintance |[ə'kweɪntəns]
Tom has a wide circle of friends and acquaintances. 汤姆交游很广。
a casual acquaintance 泛泛之交 
business, childhood, mutual acquaintance 生意上的相识；孩提时的朋友；彼此认识的人 
He hoped their acquaintance would develop further. 他希望他们的交情会进一步发展。
a man with whom I had a passing acquaintance 我不甚了解的一个男子 
I first made his acquaintance in 2019. 我是在2019年认识他的。
He introduced me to a reporter of his acquaintance. 他把我介绍给他认识的一名记者。
to make sth’s acquaintance 认识某事物 
I had little acquaintance with modern poetry. 我对现代诗所知甚少。
He has little acquaintance with colloquial English. 他对英语会话几乎一窍不通。

the state of being intoxicated, especially by alcohol:陶醉的状态，尤其是酒精
intoxication |ɪnˌtɒksɪˈkeɪʃn| Noun/:,醉酒
signs of intoxication:中毒的迹象

vt. 拒绝接纳一个求职者:
n. [C] 被一个团队、组织等所拒收的一个人:
vt. 没能给予一个人（或一只动物）足够的关心或关爱:
n. [C] 被一个团队、组织等所拒收的一个人:
vt. 1 拒绝接受或拒绝考虑某事物（如一个论点、想法、计划等）:
2（因某东西质量不够好而）决定不去使用、售卖、出版等:
3 没能给予一个人（或一只动物）足够的关心或关爱:
n. [C] 因有毛病或故障而不能使用或售卖的一个东西，即废品，次品:
vt.（因某东西质量不够好而）决定不去出版:
vt.（身体）排斥或排异（移植过来的新器官）:
vt.（因某东西质量不够好而）决定不去售卖:
n. [C] 因有毛病或故障而不能售卖的一个东西，即废品，次品:
vt. 拒绝接纳一个求学者:
reject |[rɪ'dӡekt][rɪ'dӡekt]
I’ve been rejected by the university. 这所大学没有录取我。
We considered offering him a job, but finally rejected him. 我们考虑过要给他这份工作，但最后还是拒绝了他。
When her husband left home she felt rejected. 丈夫离家后，她觉得遭到了抛弃。
one of society’s rejects 一名社会弃儿
to reject an argument, to reject a claim, to reject a decision, to reject an offer, to reject a suggestion, to reject a proposal, to reject a plan, to reject an idea, to reject a charge 拒绝接受一个论点；拒绝接受一项要求；拒绝接受一个决定；拒绝接受一项提议（或报价）；拒绝接受一个建议；否决一项提议；否决一项计划；拒绝一个想法；拒绝一项指控 
Their design was rejected in favour/favor of one by a rival company. 他们的设计遭到否决，而竞争公司的方案被选中了。
Imperfect articles are rejected by our quality control. 我们严把质量关，有问题的文章都被退回。
Consumers have the right to reject faulty goods and demand a refund. 顾客有权拒收次品，并要求退款。
The lioness rejected the smallest cub, which died. 母狮排斥最小的幼狮，把它饿死了。
Imperfect articles are rejected. 有问题的文章都被退回。
The organs are automatically rejected by the immune system. 这些器官受到免疫系统的自动排斥。
Consumers have the right to reject faulty goods. 消费者有权拒绝次品。
I’ve been rejected by all the universities I applied to. 所有我申请的大学都没有录取我。

failure to fulfil an obligation, especially to repay a loan or appear in a law court:未能履行义务，尤其是偿还贷款或出庭
a preselected option adopted by a computer program or other mechanism when no alternative is specified by the user or programmer:当用户或程序员没有指定替代方案时，计算机程序或其他机制采用的预选选项
something that is usual or standard:通常或标准的东西
fail to fulfil an obligation, especially to repay a loan or to appear in a law court:未能履行义务，尤其是偿还贷款或出庭
declare (a party) to have defaulted and give judgement against that party:declare（一方）违约并对该方作出判决
(of a device or computer program) revert automatically to (a preselected option):（设备或计算机程序的）自动恢复为（预选选项）
adopt or revert to something that is usual, customary, or standard, especially a behaviour or course of action:采用或恢复到通常、习惯或标准的事物，尤其是行为或行动方针
default |dɪˈfɔːlt| Noun/Verb/:默认,违约,缺省
the company will have to restructure its debts to avoid default:公司将不得不重组其债务以避免违约
the default is fifty lines:默认是五十行
all my life, envy has been my default emotion:我一生，嫉妒一直是我默认的情绪
the dealer could repossess the goods if the customer defaulted:如果客户违约，经销商可以收回货物
two semi-finalists were defaulted:两个半决赛被默认
when you start a fresh letter the system will default to its own style:当你开始一个新的字母时，系统将默认为它自己的风格
when it comes to a crisis, he defaults to being a professional politician:遇到危机，他默认是职业政治家

vi. 1 respond (to sth) (with sth/by doing sth) 通过做某事而对某人所说过的话（或做过的事）进行回应，相当于react:
2 respond (to sth/sb) 对…反应灵敏；或对…做出正确反应:
vt.＆vi. [较正式] respond (to sb/sth) (with sth) 对…给予口头或书面回答，回应，相当于reply:
vi. respond (to sth) 改进以作为某种疗法的结果，即见起色:
respond |[rɪs'pɒnd]
How did they respond to the news? 他们对这则消息有什么反应？
The government responded by banning all future demonstrations. 政府的反应是今后禁止一切示威活动。
Both sides have responded positively to the plan. 双方都对该方案做出了肯定的回应。
Companies have to respond to the changing economic climate. 公司得就经济环境的变化做出反应。
The demonstrators threw stones and the police responded with tear gas. 示威者投掷石块，警察则回以催泪瓦斯。
You can rely on him to respond to a challenge. 你可以信赖他，他懂得应对挑战。
We responded to business problems in creative ways. 我们富有创意地处理商业上的问题。
The car responds very well to the controls. 这辆汽车操纵自如。
The plants readily respond to these stimuli. 这些植物对外来刺激反应迅速。
The music seems to respond emotionally to the landscape. 音乐似乎也在情感上与风景相融。
He responded politely to her questions. 他礼貌地回答了她的问题。
She never responded to my letter. 她从来没给我回过信。
You can respond via email or phone. 您可通过电子邮件或电话答复。
He responded with a smile when she spoke. 她说话时他报以一笑。
He is responding well to the treatment. 他治疗效果还不错。
The infection did not respond to the drugs. 这些药物对感染没有起作用。
His condition failed to respond to the treatment. 他的病情并未因治疗而好转。

continuing; still in progress:继续;仍在进行中
ongoing |ˈɒnɡəʊɪŋ| Adjective/:进行中,正在进行
ongoing negotiations:

vt. 使官方决定得以生效、实施、执行、贯彻:
n. [C] 工具，器具，常指简单的户外用具:
n. [C] 工具，器具，常指简单的户外用具:
implement |[ˈɪmplɪment]
to implement policies 执行政策 
The proposed changes were never actually implemented. 提出的改革方案从未切实贯彻执行过。
These reforms have now been widely implemented in schools. 这些改革措施现在已在各学校广泛实施。
The government failed to implement the plan. 政府未能实施这一计划。
The decision will be difficult to implement. 这项决定难易落实。
agricultural, farm, garden implement 农具；园艺工具 
digging, writing implement 挖掘工具 
flint, metal, stone, wooden implement 燧石工具；金属器具；石器；木质工具 
Make sure that all sharp implements, such as scythes, have covers. 确保所有的锋利器具——例如长柄大镰刀，都有保护套。
kitchen, surgical implement 厨房用具；手术器具 
cooking, writing implement 厨具；书写工具
agricultural, farm, garden implement 农具；园艺工具 
digging, writing implement 挖掘工具 
flint, metal, stone, wooden implement 燧石工具；金属器具；石器；木质工具 
Make sure that all sharp implements, such as scythes, have covers. 确保所有的锋利器具——例如长柄大镰刀，都有保护套。
kitchen, surgical implement 厨房用具；手术器具 
cooking, writing implement 厨具；书写工具

vt. [正式] 使…发生，实现；官方规定、规划、计划等的实行:
n. 1 [C, U] effect (on sb/sth) 某事物引起的变化，效果，影响，效应。是一个基础和常规用词，最常用:
2 [C, U] 某人（如艺术家或作家）所创造的某种外观、声响或印象，即效果:
n. [C, U] 视觉、听觉等效果:
n. [pl.] [正式] 个人财物或所有物，例如被逮捕或入院治疗时所携带的物品，或死亡时属于其的物品，相当于belongings:
n. [C, U] effect (on sb/sth) 药效，疗效:
effect |[ɪ'fekt]
to effect political change 实现政治改革 
to effect a cure 产生疗效 
to effect a recovery 实现复苏
cause and effect 因果 
the effect of music on children 音乐对儿童的影响 
the beneficial effect of exercise 锻炼的好处 
negative, positive effect 负面影响；正面影响 
The dry weather had an adverse effect on the potato crops. 天气干燥对土豆生长不利。
domino, knock-on effect 多米诺骨牌效应；连锁效应 
the deterrent effect of the death penalty 死刑的威慑作用 
inflationary, greenhouse, corrosive effect 通胀效应；温室效应；腐蚀作用 
curative, calming, placebo effect 治疗效果；镇静效果；安慰剂效应 
The drug exerts a powerful effect on the brain. 这种药物对大脑影响很大。
The medicine started to take effect after a few minutes. 几分钟后药物开始起效。
The air conditioning came on, to little effect. 空调开了，可没什么效果。
The full effects of the new tax have not yet been felt. 还未感受到新税的全面影响。
The new regulations come into effect next month. 新规定下个月开始生效。
Some laws from the 18th century are still in effect. 18世纪的一些法律仍然有效。
The overall effect of the painting is overwhelming. 这幅画的总体效果气势磅礴。
Add a scarf for a casual effect. 再配上一条围巾，显得随意些。
cinematic, dramatic effect 电影效果；戏剧效果 
audio, sound effect 听觉效果；音响效果 
optical, visual, light effect 光影效果；视觉效果；灯光效果 
cinematic effect 电影效果 
audio, sound effect 听觉效果；音响效果 
optical, visual effect 光影效果；视觉效果 
lighting effect 灯光效果
Her son was collecting her effects. 她的儿子正在收集她的个人物品。
The insurance policy covers all baggage and personal effects. 这份保险单为全部行李和个人财产提供保险。
the beneficial effect of exercise 锻炼的好处 
calming, soporific effect 镇静效果；催眠效果 
curative, therapeutic effect 治疗效果 
placebo effect 安慰剂效果 
the effects of alcohol 酒精的作用 
The drug exerts a powerful effect on the brain. 这种药对大脑影响很大。
The medicine started to take effect after a few minutes. 几分钟后药物开始见效。

n. 1 [U] [心理学]（尤指长时间的）精神创伤:
2 [C, U] 令人痛苦的经历:
n. [U, C] [医学] 损伤、外伤:
trauma |[ˈtrɔ:mə;美ˈtraʊmə]
I'd been through the trauma of losing a house. 我经历过失去房子的痛苦。
The officers are claiming compensation for trauma after the disaster. 灾难过后军官们正在要求赔偿精神损失。
emotional, mental, psychological, sexual trauma 情感创伤；精神创伤；心理创伤；性创伤 
The phobia may have its root in a childhood trauma. 恐惧症可能源于童年时期的创伤。
patients who have histories of childhood trauma 有童年创伤史的病人 
historical trauma 历史的创伤 
trauma patient, trauma survivor, trauma victim 创伤病人；创伤幸存者；创伤受害者 
trauma centre/center 创伤中心 
She felt exhausted after the traumas of recent weeks. 她经受了最近几个星期的痛苦之后感到精疲力竭。
The patient suffered severe brain trauma. 患者的大脑受到严重损伤。
physical trauma 身体创伤

vt. [正式] 使一个活动或过程（尤指你想发生的事）有可能发生，或使其变得更容易。即促进、促使；使便利:
facilitate |[fəˈsɪlɪteɪt]
The new trade agreement should facilitate more rapid economic growth. 新贸易协定应当会加快经济发展。
The new airport will facilitate the development of tourism. 新机场将促进旅游业的发展。
He argued that the economic recovery had been facilitated by his tough stance. 他认为他的强硬立场推动了经济的复苏。
Structured teaching facilitates learning. 有条理的教导有利于学习。
The use of computers has greatly facilitated the company's ability to keep accurate records. 计算机的运用大大提高了该公司进行精确记录的能力。
