scary						可怕的，怪异的
banish						驱逐
seize						抓住，利用
dread						恐惧
simmering					一触即发的
precious					贵重的，做作的
evaporate					蒸发，消失
tendency					倾向，趋势
reaction					反应
dissipate					驱散，消除，浪费
grind						磨碎，压迫
signify						表示，要紧
amiss						出差错的
fleet						舰队，海军
fleeting					转瞬即逝的
unpleasant					令人不快的
expert						专家，熟练的
strategy					战略，策略
buzz kill					扫兴的人或事
at bay						陷入绝境
schedule					计划，安排
fancy						想要，想象，高级的
indulgent					宽容的
gooey						黏糊糊的
cinnamon					桂皮，浅黄褐色
bun							圆面包
romanticize					浪漫的刻画
end-all and be-all			最重要的部分
pressure					压力，催促，强迫
throughout					遍及，贯穿
\\\\\\\\


frightening; causing fear:吓人;引起恐惧
uncannily striking or surprising:uncannily引人注目或令人惊讶
scary |ˈskɛːri| Adjective/:害怕,可怕的,吓人
a scary movie:一部恐怖电影
it was scary the way they bonded with each other:他们彼此结合的方式太可怕了

send (someone) away from a country or place as an official punishment:送（某人）离开一个国家或地方作为官方惩罚
get rid of (something unwanted):摆脱（不需要的东西）
banish |ˈbanɪʃ| Verb/:放逐,驱逐
a number of people were banished to Siberia for political crimes:一些人因政治犯罪被流放到西伯利亚
all thoughts of romance were banished from her head:所有浪漫的想法从她的脑海中消失

vt.（情绪）突然深深地影响到某人:
vt. 1 seize sth (from sb) 突然用手用力抓住，相当于grab:
2 seize a chance, an opportunity, the initiative等表示抓住机会或主动权等，相当于grab:
vt. seize sth (from sb)（常指突然而暴力地）在军事上夺取一个地方或一种情况的控制权:
vt. 1 逮捕、俘虏或捉拿某人。是此义的常规且专业用词:
2 将非法物品或被窃取的物品没收，扣押，起获。也是此义的常规且专业用词:
vt. seize a chance, seize an opportunity 表示抓住机会，相当于grab。是一个基础和常规用词:
seize |[si:z]
Panic seized her. 她顿时惊慌失措。
He was seized by curiosity. 他好奇心顿起。
She seized him by the arm. 她一把抓住他的胳膊。
The wrestlers try to seize hold of each other. 摔跤选手力图抓住对方。
He seized the book from her hand. 他从她手里夺过了书。
to seize the initiative 掌握主动权 
He was quick to seize on his idea. 他即刻捕捉到了这个想法。
He had failed to seize his chance. 他没能把握住机会。
The rumours/rumors were eagerly seized on by the local press. 当地媒体迫不及待地抓住谣言大做文章。
They seized the airport in a surprise attack. 他们突袭攻占了机场。
The army has seized control of the country. 军队已经控制全国。
He seized power in a military coup. 他在军事政变中夺取了政权。
The men were seized as they left the building. 这些人在离开那栋房子时被抓获。
We have the legal right to seize his property. 我们有没收他财产的合法权力。
A large quantity of drugs was seized during the raid. 在这次突击行动中起获了大量毒品。
He had failed to seize his chance. 他没能把握住时机。

adj. 恼火的、生气的、不想要的:
adj. 可怕的、令人畏惧的:
n. [U, C, usually sing.]（对将要发生的坏事的）恐惧；令人恐惧的事物:
vt.&vi. 非常害怕（坏事发生）:
dread |[dred]
the dread phrase 'politically correct' 令人不快的短语“政治上正确”
a more effective national policy to combat this dread disease 对抗这可怕疾病的更有效的国家政策
The prospect of growing old fills me with dread. 想到人会一天天老下去便使我充满恐惧。
She has an irrational dread of hospitals. 她莫名其妙地害怕医院。
The committee members live in dread of (= are always worried about) anything that may cause a scandal. 委员会成员整天提心吊胆，生怕有什么事会引起流言飞语。
My greatest dread is that my parents will find out. 我最担心的就是父母会察觉出来。
She thought with dread of the cold winters to come. 她害怕即将来临的寒冷冬季。
Her greatest dread was that she would lose her job. 她最怕的就是失去工作。
the dread she felt at the thought of meeting him again 一想起要再见他她就感到的恐惧 
He lived in constant dread that one day he might be found out. 他一直生活在恐惧之中，担心总有一天会被发现。
Does the thought of flying fill you with dread? 想到飞行你就非常害怕吗？
After her shoplifting spree she lived in mortal dread of being found out. 在商店大肆行窃之后，她惶恐不安，害怕被人发现。
her dread of discovery 她对真相败露的恐惧 
a feeling/sense of dread 恐惧感
This was the moment he had been dreading. 这是他一直最担心的时刻。
I dread being sick. 我特别害怕生病。
She dreads her husband finding out. 她生怕丈夫察觉出来。
I dread to think what would happen if there really was a fire here. 我不敢想象假如这儿真的发生火灾会是什么情景。
I dread to think what will happen in the case of a major emergency. 我不敢想在重大紧急情况下会发生什么。
I dread to think what Hollywood is planning to do with this interesting little story. 我不敢想好莱坞打算如何处理这个有趣的小故事。
I'm dreading Christmas this year. 今年我非常害怕过圣诞节。
I dreaded coming back, to be honest. 说实话，我生怕回来。
I have to go to the dentist tomorrow and I'm absolutely dreading it! 明天我必须去看牙医，我真的非常害怕！
He had always dreaded being singled out. 他总是担心被单挑出来。


simmering | 煨,沸腾的

adj. [贬]（尤指人或其行为）非常正式的、夸张的且不自然的，如矫揉造作的，相当于affected:
adv. [非正式] precious little/few 用于强调某事物太少或极少:
adj. 稀有且很值钱的:
adj. 1 宝贵的；重要且不被浪费的。强调某个数量（可多可少，通常是少量）的事物“在某人眼中是珍贵的”，其价值直接由其在某人心中的地位决定，而并非像rare那样由数量决定（比如有一大群同种类的鸟，从数量上看，其中的任何一只都算不上rare，但是某人与其中一只鸟相处时间太长，有了很深的感情，因而在此人眼中，这只鸟虽然不是rare的，却是precious的。当然，如果其中的五只、十只或更多鸟都与此人有极深的感情，那么它们在此人眼中，也都是precious的）:
2 非常受珍爱的；非常被珍惜的。相当于treasured:
3 [非正式] 用于表示气愤于另一人视某事物为宝贝:
precious |['preʃəs]
Actors were too precious and neurotic. 演员们太做作，并且都神经兮兮的。 
There’s precious little to do in this town. 这个镇上没有多少可做的事。
a precious vase 一个稀世花瓶 
precious jewels 稀世珍宝
Clean water is a precious commodity in that part of the world. 在世界的那个地方，洁净的水是宝贵的东西。
precious time 宝贵的时间 
precious memories, precious possessions 珍贵的回忆；珍贵的财物 
You are infinitely precious to me. 你是我的无价之宝。
I didn’t touch your precious car! 我没碰你那辆宝贝汽车！

vi. 消失，尤指通过逐渐变少而消失（如情绪逐渐消失、计划逐渐落空、活动逐渐停止）:
vt.&vi.（使）（液体）蒸发、挥发:
evaporate |[ɪˈvæpəreɪt]
Her confidence had now completely evaporated. 她的信心已消失殆尽。
My anger evaporated and I wanted to cry. 我的怒气渐渐消失，想大哭一场。
Your dreams always seem to evaporate, and nothing ever quite matches expectations. 你的梦想似乎总是逐渐破灭，从来没有什么事情能完全符合你的预期。
excitement, euphoria evaporate 兴奋逐渐减退          
Heat until all the water has evaporated. 加热直至水全部蒸发。
The sun is constantly evaporating the earth's moisture. 太阳使地球上的湿气不断蒸发。
The water is evaporated by the sun. 水在阳光照射下蒸发了。
Moisture is drawn to the surface of the fabric so that it evaporates. 湿气被吸到织物表面从而蒸发。
solvent evaporate 溶剂挥发

tendency (to/towards sth) 性情（使人以某种方式来行事的因素，且常指不好的性情或偏好、倾向等）:
n. [C] [英]（政党内的）极端派别:
tendency (to/towards sth) 发展出来的新习性或习惯，即趋势；趋向。相当于trend:
tendency (to/towards sth) 倾向；偏好等（使人以某种方式来行事的因素，且常指不好的偏好、倾向等）:
tendency |['tendənsɪ]['tendənsɪ]
I have a tendency to talk too much when I’m nervous. 我紧张时总爱唠叨。
She has a strong natural tendency towards caution. 她天生非常小心谨慎。
He displayed artistic tendencies at an early age. 他小时候就显示出了艺术气质。
criminal tendency 犯罪倾向 
homosexual tendency 同性恋倾向
There is a growing tendency among employers to hire casual staff. 雇主雇用临时职员有增加的趋势。
Industry showed a tendency towards/toward centralized administration. 工业领域显示出集中化管理的趋势。
I have a tendency to talk too much when I’m nervous. 我紧张时总爱唠叨。
There is a tendency for this disease to run in families. 这种疾病易在家族里遗传。
She has a strong natural tendency towards caution. 她天生非常小心谨慎。
There’s a growing tendency for women to marry later. 女性越来越倾向于晚婚。
criminal tendency 犯罪倾向 
He displayed artistic tendencies at an early age. 他小时候就显示出了艺术气质。

n. [C, usually sing., U] ~ (against sth)（对旧态度、旧观念等的）抗拒:
n. 1 [C, U] ~ (to sb/sth)（人）对已发生的事作出的反应:
2 [pl.] reactions可指（尤指在危险中的）对…的快速反应能力:
n. [U] [贬] 对社会（或政治）发展（或变革）的反对、反动、阻碍:
n. [C, U] [化学] 化学反应:
n. [U, C] [物理学] 反作用力:
n. [C, U] 身体对药物、化学物质等作出的生理反应，尤指坏的生理反应:
reaction |[riˈækʃn]
The return to traditional family values is a reaction against the permissiveness of recent decades. 传统家庭价值观的恢复是对近几十年来放纵自由的一种抗拒。
All new fashion starts out as a reaction against existing convention. 所有新时尚都是从打破现有常规开始的。
Her three years of freedom seemed like a reaction against that childhood. 她那三年的自由仿佛是对孩童时代的反叛。
Premature moves in this respect might well provoke a reaction against the reform. 在这方面不成熟的举动很可能引发对改革的抵触情绪。
The government response seems to be the result of strong public reaction against the police apathy. 政府的回应似乎是公众强烈抵制警察冷漠执法的结果。
What was his reaction to the news? 他对这消息有何反应？
My immediate reaction was one of shock. 我当即的反应是大吃一惊。
Reaction to the visit is mixed. 对这次访问的反应不一。
The initial reaction of most participants is fear. 多数参与者的最初反应是恐惧。
A spokesman said the changes were not in reaction to the company's recent losses. 一位发言人说，这些变动不是针对公司最近的损失而作出的反应。
There has been a mixed reaction to her appointment as director. 对她获任命为主管一事，人们的反应褒贬不一。
The decision provoked an angry reaction from local residents. 这个决定引起了当地居民的愤怒抗议。
I tried shaking him but there was no reaction. 我试着摇了摇他，但他一动不动。
a skilled driver with quick reactions 反应敏捷的熟练司机 
If his reactions are so slow, he shouldn't be in charge of a bus. 如果他的反应太慢，就不应该开公交汽车。
The sport requires very fast reactions. 这项运动要求极快的反应力。
Keenan showed lightning reactions. 基南显示出了闪电般的反应能力。
She has very quick reactions. 她反应很快。
Alcohol has the effect of slowing down your reactions. 酒精会使人反应迟钝。
reaction time 反应时间 
Your reaction time increases when you are tired.疲劳会使你反应变慢。
The forces of reaction made change difficult. 反动势力使得改革举步维艰。
Thus, he aided reaction and thwarted progress. 因此，他帮助反动派阻挠进步。
their victory against the forces of reaction and censorship 他们取得的对保守势力和审查制度的胜利
chain reaction 连锁反应 
chemical, nuclear, thermo-nuclear reaction 化学反应、核反应、热核反应等 
fission, fusion 裂变/聚变反应 
reversible reaction 可逆反应 
the energy given out during the reaction 化学反应中释放的能量 
I am studying the reactions between certain gases. 我正在研究某些气体之间的化学反应。
the fuel's chemical reaction with the surrounding water 燃料和周围的水之间的化学反应 
Ozone is produced by the reaction between oxygen and ultraviolet light. 臭氧由氧气和紫外线发生反应而产生。
Catalysts are materials which greatly speed up chemical reactions. 催化剂是可以大大加速化学反应的物质。
to have an allergic reaction to a drug 对某药物有过敏反应 
Every year, 5000 people have life-threatening reactions to anaesthetics. 每年有5,000人对麻醉剂产生致命反应。
a delayed reaction to the drugs 对药物的延迟的不良反应 
inflammatory reaction 炎性反应 
A small minority of patients suffer an adverse reaction to the treatment. 少数病人对该疗法有不良反应。
She had a very bad allergic reaction to the peanuts. 她对花生严重过敏。
Common foods which cause this kind of reaction are fish, eggs, and shellfish. 引发这种不良反应的常见食物包括鱼、蛋和贝类。

vt.&vi. [正式]（使）某事物逐渐变弱直至消失，即（使）消散、消失、驱散:
vt. [正式] 浪费或挥霍时间、金钱、精力等（尤指未经合理筹划而浪费）:
dissipate |[ˈdɪsɪpeɪt]
Eventually, his anger dissipated. 他的愤怒终于平息了。
Her laughter soon dissipated the tension in the air. 她的笑声很快消除了紧张气氛。
He wound down the windows to dissipate the heat. 他摇下窗子来散热。
He is dissipating his time and energy on too many different things. 他在太多不同的事情上浪费时间和精力。
Her father had dissipated her inheritance. 她父亲已经挥霍掉了她继承的遗产。

n. [C] [非正式] 美国可指只知一味用功学习的人，书呆子:
vt.&vi.（使）（坚硬物体）相互摩擦（发出刺耳声）:
n. [sing.] 机器发出的刺耳摩擦声:
vi. 刺耳地缓慢移动:
vt.（在坚硬表面上）磨锋利、磨快、磨光某事物:
~ sth (to/into sth)（在两个表面之间或用机器）将…碾碎:
vt. 磨面粉:
vt. [美] 用绞肉机绞（食物，尤指肉）。相当于mince:
~ sth in 将某事物挤压进（或摩擦进）一个表面:
vt. 摇动机器的手柄（来碾碎…）:
vt.（在坚硬表面上）磨锋利、磨快、磨光某事物:
n. [sing.] [非正式] 费事且令人疲劳（或厌倦）的工作:
grind |[graɪnd]
Parts of the machine were grinding together noisily. 机器零件摩擦发出刺耳的声音。
She grinds her teeth when she is asleep. 她睡觉时磨牙。
He ground the gears on the car. 他把汽车排挡踩得嘎嘎作响。
The grind of heavy machines could get on their nerves. 重型机器发出的刺耳的摩擦声会让他们心烦意乱。
Tanks had crossed the border at five fifteen and were grinding south. 坦克队于5点15分越过边境，正轰隆隆地缓慢向南开进。
a special stone for grinding knives 磨刀用的石头 
The tip can be ground to a much sharper edge to cut smoother and faster. 可以把尖端磨得更锋利些，这样切割起来更顺更快。
vt. ~ sth (down/up) 
to grind coffee, to grind corn 将咖啡磨成粉；将谷粒磨成粉 
the odor of fresh ground coffee 现磨咖啡的香气 
The coffee is ground to a fine powder. 咖啡磨成了细细的咖啡粉。
Store the peppercorns in an airtight container and grind the pepper as you need it. 将胡椒粒储存在密封容器中，在需要的时候磨成粉。
freshly ground black pepper 刚磨好的黑胡椒 
Grind the seeds down to a powder. 把种子磨成粉。
The cement need not be finely ground. 水泥不需要磨得很细。
The flour is ground using traditional methods. 这面粉是用传统方法磨制而成。
machinery for grinding wheat into four 磨面机 
vt. ~ sth into sth 
He ground his cigarette into the ashtray. 他把香烟按在烟灰缸里捻灭。
'Well,' I said, grinding my cigarette nervously into the granite step. “好吧，”我边说边紧张不安地把香烟在花岗岩台阶上捻灭。
The dirt on her hands was ground in. 她手上的泥渍住了。
to grind a pepper mill 摇动胡椒磨
a special stone for grinding knives 磨刀用的石头 
The tip can be ground to a much sharper edge to cut smoother and faster. 可以把尖端磨得更锋利些，这样切割起来更顺更快。
the daily grind of family life 家庭生活中繁重的家务劳动 
The daily grind of government is done by Her Majesty's Civil Service. 枯燥的日常政务都由女王陛下的政府行政部门来处理。
Life continues to be a terrible grind for the ordinary person. 生活对于平头百姓而言依然是理不清的琐事。
It's a long grind to the top of that particular profession. 爬到那种行业的最高位置要经过漫长的艰苦奋斗。

be an indication of:be表示
be a symbol of; have as meaning:be的象征；有作为意义
(of a person) indicate or declare (a feeling or intention):（某人的）表示或声明（感觉或意图）
be of importance:重要
(among black Americans) exchange boasts or insults as a game or ritual:（在美国黑人中）交换吹嘘或侮辱作为游戏或仪式
signify |ˈsɪɡnɪfʌɪ| Verb/:表示,意味着,表明
this decision signified a fundamental change in their priorities:这个决定标志着他们的优先事项发生了根本性的变化
the church used this image to signify the Holy Trinity:教会用这个形象来表示三位一体
signify your agreement by signing the letter below:通过签署下面的信件来表示您的同意
the locked door doesn't necessarily signify:锁着的门并不一定意味着
I wasn't signifying at her:我不是在暗示她

not quite right; inappropriate or out of place:不太对；不合适或不合适
wrongly or inappropriately:错误或不当
amiss |əˈmɪs| Adjective/Adverb/:不对劲,错了
there was something amiss about his calculations:他的计算有些不对劲
the prime minister may have constructed his cabinet a little amiss:总理可能把他的内阁建得有点不对劲

adj. [文学] 能跑得快的:
n. [sing.] the fleet指（一国的）全部军舰:
n. [C]（由同一人率领的）舰队:
n. [C] ~ (of sth)（共同行动或隶属于同一组织机构的）一群飞机，如机群:
n. [C] 非军事性船队:
n. [C] ~ (of sth)（共同行动或隶属于同一组织机构的）一群公交车、出租车等，如车队:
fleet |[fli:t]
fleet of foot 跑得快 
fleet-footed 跑得快
a reduction in the size of the British fleet 英国海军的裁减
The damage inflicted upon the British fleet was devastating. 英国舰队遭到了毁灭性的重创。
The entire fleet was sunk. 整个舰队都沉没了。
a large fleet of warships 庞大的战舰编队 
small fleet 小型舰队 
naval fleet 海军舰队 
battle, invasion fleet 作战舰队；入侵舰队 
enemy fleet 敌军舰队 
submarine fleet 潜艇舰队 
The fleet was sent in and the country prepared for war. 该国已调来舰队，为战争做好了准备。
To maintain a submarine fleet is a major commitment. 保有一支潜艇舰队是一项重大的责任。
The fleet was very expensive to maintain. 维护舰队的费用非常高。
There were over 500 ships in the enemy fleet. 敌军舰队有500多艘船只。           
fishing, whaling fleet 捕鱼船队；捕鲸船队 
merchant fleet 商船队 
tanker fleet 油轮船队 
He operated a small fishing fleet. 他掌管一个小型渔船队。
restaurants supplied by local fishing fleets 由当地捕鱼船队供货的饭馆
car, vehicle fleet 车队 
the company car fleet 公司车队 
a fleet of taxis 出租车车队 
the company's new fleet of vans 公司的新客货车队 
With its own fleet of trucks, the company delivers most orders overnight. 这个公司拥有自己的货车车队，大多数订购货品可以隔日送到。
A fleet of ambulances took the injured to hospital. 一队救护车把伤者送往医院。

lasting for a very short time:持续时间很短
fleeting |ˈfliːtɪŋ| Adjective/:稍纵即逝,转瞬即逝的
for a fleeting moment I saw the face of a boy:一瞬间我看到了一个男孩的脸

adj. ~ (to sb)（人或其言论）不和蔼的；不客气的；不礼貌的:
adj. 令人不舒服的:
adj. 令人不快的:
unpleasant |[ʌnˈpleznt]
He was very unpleasant to me. 他对我很凶。
She said some very unpleasant things about you. 她说了你一些坏话。
She thought him an unpleasant man. 她认为他是个粗鲁的人。
Don't start giving me problems otherwise I'll have to be very unpleasant indeed. 不要开始给我找麻烦，否则我就不客气了。
The symptoms can be uncomfortable, unpleasant and serious. 那些症状可能令人不适，很不舒服甚至会比较严重。
The minerals in the water made it unpleasant to drink. 水里的矿物质使得这水挺难喝的。
The vacuum has an unpleasant smell. 那个真空吸尘器有股很难闻的气味。
I found the atmosphere in there extremely unpleasant. 我觉得那儿的气氛令人很不愉快。
His clothes smelled most unpleasant. 他的衣服有一种特难闻的气味。
tests which are unpleasant for patients 让病人感到不舒服的一些检查
an unpleasant experience 不愉快的经历 
Things started to get unpleasant when the police were called. 报了警后事情就开始变得有些别扭了。
He may make life unpleasant for the rest of us. 他可能会让我们剩下的这些人日子不好过。
I found the atmosphere in there extremely unpleasant. 我觉得那儿的气氛令人很不愉快。
The overall feeling was a strange mixture of sensations, not altogether unpleasant. 总的感觉很奇怪，五味杂陈，并不只是不快。

expert (at/in doing sth) 在行的，内行的，经验（或知识）丰富的:
2 作前置定语时可表示技术高超的，行家的:
expert (at/in/on doing sth) 某个知识领域的专家，或精于某项技能的行家。是此义的一个常规用词。只强调其对本领域知识或技能的专精:
adj. 专家的:
expert |['ekspə:t]
adj. 1 expert (at/in sth) 
to be expert at designing furniture 对家具设计在行 
expert hands, expert eyes 行家之手；行家之眼 
an expert driver 技术高超的驾驶员
computer, financial, gardening expert 计算机专家；金融专家；园艺等专 
qualified expert 有资质的专家 
self-proclaimed expert 自封的专家 
independent expert 独立专家 
an expert in skin care 皮肤护理专家 
an expert on European art 欧洲艺术专家 
He’s an expert at getting his own way. 他总是一意孤行。
expert opinion 专家意见

n. [U] 制定计划（或巧妙地实施计划）的过程，如策划、规划、统筹安排:
~ (to do sth) 为达到某一目的所制定的行动计划（尤指长期的行动计划），即策略、战略:
2 [U, C]（尤指战争中的）战略、战略学；战略部署:
~ (to do sth) 为达到某一目的所制定的行动计划（尤指长期的行动计划），即策略、战略:
2 [U, C]（尤指战争中的）战略、战略学；战略部署:
strategy |[ˈstrætədʒi]
marketing strategy 营销策划
long-term, medium-term, short-term strategy 长期策略；中期策略；短期策略 
The overall strategy is good, but one or two of the details could be improved. 他们的总体策略还不错，只是有一两处细节还需改进。
a key strategy to increase sales 提高销量的关键策略 
comprehensive strategy 全面的策略 
a global marketing strategy 全球营销战略 
grand strategy 宏大的战略 
The committee drew up a draft strategy for dealing with future floods.（draft尤为英式用法）委员会草拟了一份应对未来洪灾的策略。
The government has employed a dual strategy to achieve these two objectives. 为了完成这两个目标，政府采取了双管齐下的策略。
The company adopted aggressive marketing strategies to sell its products. 这家公司采取了积极的营销策略销售其产品。
Her rudeness was a deliberate strategy to provoke him. 她的无礼是有预谋的，故意要激怒他。
economics-based strategy 以经济为基础的策略 
market-oriented strategy 以市场为导向的策略 
a customer-oriented business strategy 以顾客为导向的经营策略 
We all have different coping strategies for times of stress. 我们都有不同的应对紧急情况的策略。
survival strategy 生存策略 
No one has yet come up with an exit strategy for the troops. 还没有人提出能使部队退出的策略。
campaign, election, electoral, government, political strategy 竞选策略；选举策略；政府策略；政治策略 
instructional（美）, pedagogic, teaching strategy 指导性策略；教学策略 
learning strategy 学习策略 
business, commercial, company, corporate, financial, investment, management, marketing, pricing, product, promotional, recruitment, research, sales strategy 经营策略；商业策略；公司策略；企业策略；财务策略；投资策略；管理策略；营销策略；定价策略；产品策略；促销策略；招募策略；研究策略；销售策略 
economic, energy, environmental, industrial, legislative strategy 经济战略；能源战略；环境战略；工业战略；立法战略 
A coherent strategy for getting more people back to work needs to be developed. 需要制定一项连贯的策略，以使更多的人重新就业。
The charity is drawing up a strategy to meet the needs of the homeless. 慈善机构正在拟定一项计划，以满足无家可归者的需要。
It is certainly a strategy worth exploring. 这一策略确实值得探讨。
They're pursuing a strategy of massive retaliation. 他们奉行大规模报复策略。
The document sets out the government's new strategy. 文件阐述了政府的新战略。
The company will now focus its strategy on its core business areas. 公司即将把战略重心放到核心业务领域。
a strategy aimed at reducing the risk of accidents 旨在降低事故风险的策略 
This strategy relies on property prices continuing to rise. 该战略的前提是资产价格持续上涨。
The company's financial strategy is not working. 公司的财务策略没有奏效。
strategy development, strategy formulation 战略制定；战略构想 
strategy meeting, strategy session（尤美）战略会议；战略会晤 
strategy review 战略回顾 
strategy document, strategy paper 战略档案；战略文件 
a strategy game set during the Civil War 内战期间的战略对局 
the key idea in their strategy 他们战略中的关键思想 
to develop an effective strategy for change 为追求变革制定一种有效的策略 
to develop a strategy for dealing with unemployment 制订解决失业问题的对策 
the party's strategy on poverty 该党针对贫困的策略 
a comprehensive strategy towards regional development 针对区域性开发的综合战略 
The coming year may herald a change in strategy for major publishers. 对大出版商来说，即将到来的一年可能意味着战略的改变。
Their single-minded pursuit of this controversial strategy led to their fall from power. 一意孤行地奉行这项有争议的策略导致了他们的倒台。
He pretended that resigning was part of his long-term career strategy. 他假装辞职是他长远职业规划的一部分。
military strategy 军事战略 
I've just been explaining the basic principles of strategy to my generals. 我刚刚一直在向各位将军解释战略学的基本原理。
defence strategies 防御部署
long-term, medium-term, short-term strategy 长期策略；中期策略；短期策略 
The overall strategy is good, but one or two of the details could be improved. 他们的总体策略还不错，只是有一两处细节还需改进。
a key strategy to increase sales 提高销量的关键策略 
comprehensive strategy 全面的策略 
a global marketing strategy 全球营销战略 
grand strategy 宏大的战略 
The committee drew up a draft strategy for dealing with future floods.（draft尤为英式用法）委员会草拟了一份应对未来洪灾的策略。
The government has employed a dual strategy to achieve these two objectives. 为了完成这两个目标，政府采取了双管齐下的策略。
The company adopted aggressive marketing strategies to sell its products. 这家公司采取了积极的营销策略销售其产品。
Her rudeness was a deliberate strategy to provoke him. 她的无礼是有预谋的，故意要激怒他。
economics-based strategy 以经济为基础的策略 
market-oriented strategy 以市场为导向的策略 
a customer-oriented business strategy 以顾客为导向的经营策略 
We all have different coping strategies for times of stress. 我们都有不同的应对紧急情况的策略。
survival strategy 生存策略 
No one has yet come up with an exit strategy for the troops. 还没有人提出能使部队退出的策略。
campaign, election, electoral, government, political strategy 竞选策略；选举策略；政府策略；政治策略 
instructional（美）, pedagogic, teaching strategy 指导性策略；教学策略 
learning strategy 学习策略 
business, commercial, company, corporate, financial, investment, management, marketing, pricing, product, promotional, recruitment, research, sales strategy 经营策略；商业策略；公司策略；企业策略；财务策略；投资策略；管理策略；营销策略；定价策略；产品策略；促销策略；招募策略；研究策略；销售策略 
economic, energy, environmental, industrial, legislative strategy 经济战略；能源战略；环境战略；工业战略；立法战略 
A coherent strategy for getting more people back to work needs to be developed. 需要制定一项连贯的策略，以使更多的人重新就业。
The charity is drawing up a strategy to meet the needs of the homeless. 慈善机构正在拟定一项计划，以满足无家可归者的需要。
It is certainly a strategy worth exploring. 这一策略确实值得探讨。
They're pursuing a strategy of massive retaliation. 他们奉行大规模报复策略。
The document sets out the government's new strategy. 文件阐述了政府的新战略。
The company will now focus its strategy on its core business areas. 公司即将把战略重心放到核心业务领域。
a strategy aimed at reducing the risk of accidents 旨在降低事故风险的策略 
This strategy relies on property prices continuing to rise. 该战略的前提是资产价格持续上涨。
The company's financial strategy is not working. 公司的财务策略没有奏效。
strategy development, strategy formulation 战略制定；战略构想 
strategy meeting, strategy session（尤美）战略会议；战略会晤 
strategy review 战略回顾 
strategy document, strategy paper 战略档案；战略文件 
a strategy game set during the Civil War 内战期间的战略对局 
the key idea in their strategy 他们战略中的关键思想 
to develop an effective strategy for change 为追求变革制定一种有效的策略 
to develop a strategy for dealing with unemployment 制订解决失业问题的对策 
the party's strategy on poverty 该党针对贫困的策略 
a comprehensive strategy towards regional development 针对区域性开发的综合战略 
The coming year may herald a change in strategy for major publishers. 对大出版商来说，即将到来的一年可能意味着战略的改变。
Their single-minded pursuit of this controversial strategy led to their fall from power. 一意孤行地奉行这项有争议的策略导致了他们的倒台。
He pretended that resigning was part of his long-term career strategy. 他假装辞职是他长远职业规划的一部分。
military strategy 军事战略 
I've just been explaining the basic principles of strategy to my generals. 我刚刚一直在向各位将军解释战略学的基本原理。
defence strategies 防御部署

n. [C] [美] 时间表，时刻表，相当于英式的timetable:
vt. schedule sth (for sth) 常用被动式，指安排…（让其在某个时间发生），即为某事安排时间:
n. [C, U] 工作计划，日程安排（上面列出了必须要做的事和何时做何事）；还可指计划的时间:
n. [C]（某个频道的电视或广播节目的）节目表（上面列出了各节目的开播时间）:
n. [C] 所书写的一份清单或表格（如价格表、费率表或条件表等）:
vt. [正式] schedule sth (as sth) 将某事物列入到一份正式的清单中:
n. [C] [美] 学校的课程表，相当于英式的timetable:
n. [C] [美] 交通工具的时刻表，相当于英式的timetable:
schedule |['ʃedju:l;'skedӡu:l]
racing schedule 比赛时间表 
I’m scheduled to arrive in LA at 5 o’clock. 我预计在5点钟抵达洛杉矶。
The meeting was originally scheduled for March 12. 会议原定于3月12日举行。
I have a hectic schedule for the next few days. 我今后几天的日程紧得要命。
Filming began on schedule. 拍摄如期开始。
weekly schedule 每周的安排 
delivery, production, work schedule 送货计划表；生产进度；工作进度
TV schedule 电视节目表 
daytime, evening, weekday schedule 日间节目表；夜间节目表；周末节目表 
summer schedule 夏季节目表 
The channel’s schedules are filled with repeats. 这个频道安排的尽是重播节目。
tax schedules 税率表 
a pricing schedule 价目表 
The substance has been scheduled as a poison. 这种物质已被列为毒物。
class, course, exam, lecture, school schedule 课程表；课程安排；考试安排；讲座安排；学校作息表 
Chinese will be on the school schedule from next year. 从明年开始中文将排进学校的课程表。
bus, train schedule 公交车时刻表；火车时刻表 
flight schedule 航班时刻表

adj. 1 异常复杂的（常是不必要地），试图给其他人留下印象的，即花哨的，反义词为simple:
2 只用于名词前，（尤指一些小物品）有很多装饰或明亮色彩的:
vt. 1 [英] 认为某人将会获胜或在某事（尤指速度比赛）上成功:
2 [文学] 认为，想象:
vt. [英，非正式] 为某人的性吸引力所吸引，如爱慕:
vt. 1 [英，非正式，贬] 认为自己非常受欢迎、有魅力或聪明，即自负，自命不凡:
2 [英] fancy yourself (as) sth 自认为是，或（常是错误地）相信自己是…，即自命为…:
vt. [英，非正式] 想要去做某事，相当于feel like:
n. [sing.] 想要（拥有…或去做某事），相当于whim:
vt.＆vi. [英，非正式，正变得过时] Fancy!用于对某事表示惊讶或震惊:
n. [C, usually pl.] [英] 一小块装饰起来的蛋糕:
adj. [美]（食物）品质高的，即优质的，高档的:
n. [C, U] 想象的事物；想象或想象力。其含义接近于“幻想”，相当于fantasy，不过不如fantasy常用:
adj.（有时贬）昂贵的，或与昂贵的生活方式相关的，如奢华的:
fancy |['fænsɪ]
a kitchen full of fancy gadgets 有各式各样小装置的厨房 
They added a lot of fancy footwork to the dance. 他们给这个舞蹈增加了许多复杂的舞步。
fancy legal words 异常复杂的法律词语 
fancy goods (= things sold as gifts or for decoration) 精美小商品（用作装饰或礼品）
Which horse do you fancy in the next race? 下一轮赛马你认为哪匹马会赢？
He’s hoping to get the job but I don’t fancy his chances. 他希望得到那份工作，不过我认为他的机会不大。
She fancied (that) she could hear footsteps. 她觉得好像听到了脚步声。
I think she fancies me. 我认为她喜欢我。
He really fancied himself. 他自以为很了不起。
She fancies herself (as) a serious actress. 她自以为是个严肃的演员。
Fancy a drink? 想喝一杯吗？
Do you fancy going out this evening? 今晚你想不想出去？
She said she wanted a dog but it was only a passing fancy. 她说想要一条狗，但这不过是一时心血来潮。
Fancy! She’s never been in a plane before. 真想不到！她竟然从未坐过飞机。
Fancy meeting you here! 竟然在这儿遇到你！
‘She remembered my name after all those years.’ ‘Fancy that!’ “过了那么多年她还记得我的名字。”“真是不可思议！”
night-time fancies that disappear in the morning 在早上逝去的夜间幻想 
a child’s wild flights of fancy 孩子的异想天开
fancy restaurants with fancy prices 价格昂贵的豪华餐厅 
Don’t come back with any fancy ideas. 别用任何大手大脚花钱的想法回敬我了。

adj.（非常）愿意忽略…的缺点的，如宽容的、过于宽厚的:
adj. [常贬] 对某人纵容的、迁就的:
indulgent |[ɪnˈdʌldʒənt]
to take an indulgent view of sth 宽宏大量地看待某事
indulgent parents 纵容子女的父母 
His indulgent mother was willing to let him do anything he wanted. 他母亲很溺爱他，任由他想干什么就干什么。
an indulgent smile 迁就的微笑

soft and sticky:软而粘
mawkishly sentimental:mawkishly多愁善感
gooey |ˈɡuːi| Adjective/:粘糊糊的,黏糊糊的
a gooey chocolate dessert:一个粘糊糊的巧克力甜点
she gets all gooey over babies:she对婴儿很着迷

an aromatic spice made from the peeled, dried, and rolled bark of a SE Asian tree:一种由去皮、干燥和卷制的东南亚树皮制成的芳香香料
a yellowish-brown colour resembling that of cinnamon:一种类似肉桂色的黄褐色
the tree which yields cinnamon.:产生肉桂的树。
cinnamon |ˈsɪnəmən| Noun/:肉桂
a teaspoon of ground cinnamon:一茶匙肉桂粉

n. [C] 圆发髻:
n. [C]（英式英语也可用bap）小圆扁面包卷:
n. [C] [英]（表面覆有糖霜的）小圆甜蛋糕；小圆甜饼:
n. [pl.] [俚语，尤美] buns可指（人的）屁股:
bun |[bʌn]
She wore her hair in a bun. 她盘了个发髻。
neat, severe, tight bun 利落的发髻；紧紧的发髻 
loose, messy bun 蓬松的发髻；凌乱的发髻 
a woman with her hair tied back in a loose bun 在脑后松松地挽了一个圆发髻的女人 
She pulled her hair back into a messy bun. 她把头发拢在后面盘成一个凌乱的发髻。
a hamburger bun 一个用来夹汉堡饼的面包 
a currant bun 掺有葡萄干的小圆面包 
cinnamon bun（尤美）肉桂小圆面包 
hot-dog bun 汉堡坯；热狗面包坯
cream, currant, hot cross, iced, sticky bun 糖粉奶油蛋糕；葡萄干小圆蛋糕；十字甜饼；滚了糖霜的小圆甜饼；蜜汁小圆蛋糕 
I'd pinch his buns and kiss his neck. 我想掐他的屁股，亲他的脖子。

deal with or describe in an idealized or unrealistic fashion; make (something) seem better or more appealing than it really is:以理想化或不切实际的方式处理或描述；让（某事）看起来比实际更好或更有吸引力
romanticize |rə(ʊ)ˈmantɪsʌɪz| Verb/:浪漫化,使浪漫
the tendency to romanticize non-industrial societies:将非工业社会浪漫化的趋势

n. [U] 也可用pressures，（因任务紧、决策时间短或别人的期望多而感到的）精神压力，心理压力，紧张，相当于stress:
vt. [尤美] pressure sb (into sth/into doing sth) 常用被动式，劝说某人去做某事，尤指通过让其感觉到其不得不去做或应该去做，即逼迫，使迫不得已:
pressure (on sb) (to do sth) 尝试劝说（或强迫）某人去做某事的行为:
n. 1 [U]（一物挤压另一物时的）压力。是此义的常规用词:
2 [U, C]（气体或液体在一个限定空间或容器内所产生的）压力，也可指压强:
n. [U] 地球表面的大气压:
pressure |['preʃə]
pressure of work 工作压力 
the pressures of life 生活压力 
competitive, financial, social pressure 竞争压力；财务压力；社会压力 
The economic pressures on small businesses are intense. 小企业的经济压力很大。
He will never pressure you to get married. 他永远也不会给你施加压力让你结婚。
The Senate should not be pressured into making hasty decisions. 参议院不应受压而做出草率的决定。
The government bowed to popular pressure and repealed the law. 政府屈从于公众的压力而废除了这部法律。
peer pressure 同辈压力 
My parents never put any pressure on me to get a job. 我父母从来没有催我找工作。
The nurse applied pressure to his arm to stop the bleeding. 护士压住他的胳膊止血。
The barriers gave way under the pressure of the crowd. 拥挤的人群把路障推倒了。
Reducing the swelling will relieve the pressure on her spine. 消肿可以减轻对她脊椎的压力。
pressure sensor 压力传感器 
tyre pressure 轮胎的气压 
air, blood, water pressure 气压；血压；水压 
pressure cooker 压力锅
A band of high pressure is moving across the country. 一股高气压正经过该国。
atmospheric, barometric pressure 大气压

prep. 贯穿整个时期，自始至终:
adv. 自始至终:
prep. 在各处；到各处。即遍及:
adv. 各处，遍及:
throughout |[θru:'aʊt]
The museum is open daily throughout the year. 这个博物馆一年到头每天都开放。
The ceremony lasted two hours and we had to stand throughout. 仪式持续了两个小时，我们自始至终都得站着。
They export their products to markets throughout the world. 他们把产品出口到世界各地的市场。
The house was painted white throughout. 这所房子全都刷成了白色。
The route is well sign-posted throughout. 这条路线全程设有路标。
