toil					辛勤工作
estimate				估计，评价
net worth				净值
voyage					航行
celebration				庆祝
enthusiast				热衷者
unimpressed				无深刻印象的
long-running			长期的
complaint				抱怨，抗议，疾病
inequality				不平等
amount					数量，金额
tax						税，负担
wealthy					富裕的
consistently			一贯的，不断的
stir					搅动，使行动，萌生
struggle				斗争，奋斗，艰难的做
look to					指望，注意
delivery				发送
staff					全体职员
bottle					瓶，勇气
delivery rates			交货率
representative			典型的，代表
discrepancy				差异
tweet					推特微博
warehouse				仓库
economy					节约，经济
dignity					尊贵，高尚，自尊
multiplication			乘法，成倍增长
\\\\\\\\

vi. [正式]（通常指因疲倦而）缓慢而艰难地移动:
n. [U] [正式或文学] 使人非常劳累的工作:
vi. [正式]（长时间）非常辛苦地劳作（通常指辛苦的体力劳动）:
toil |[tɔɪl]
They toiled up the hill in the blazing sun. 他们冒着炎炎烈日艰难地一步一步爬上山冈。
He had his head down, gasping as he toiled up the hill. 他垂着头，一边费劲地往山上爬一边气喘吁吁。
daily toil 每天的辛苦劳作 
honest toil 踏实的辛苦工作 
a lifetime of physical toil 一辈子辛苦劳作 
a life of hardship and toil 艰难劳苦的一生 
a day of sweat and toil 一天的辛苦劳作 
People who toiled in dim, dank factories were too exhausted to enjoy their family life. 在昏暗潮湿的工厂辛苦劳作的人们累得无力再去享受家庭生活。
Workers toiled long hours. 工人们长时间辛苦劳动。

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sth (at sth) 估计、估算（成本、尺寸、价值等）:
n. 1 [C]（对数量、成本等的）估计、估价、估算:
2 [C]（基于现有证据而对一个人或一种情况进行的）评价、评估、判断:
3 [C]（让员工提交的）估算单、预算书（是对项目成本的估算）:
estimate |[ˈestɪmət]
The satellite will cost an estimated £400 million. 这颗卫星估计要耗资4亿英镑。
Police estimate the crowd at 30 000. 警方估计聚集的人有3万。
The deal is estimated to be worth around $1.5 million. 这笔交易估计价值150万元左右。
We estimated (that) it would cost about €5 000. 我们估计要花费大约 5 000 欧元。
It is estimated (that) the project will last four years. 据估计，这项工程将持续四年。
It is hard to estimate how many children suffer from dyslexia. 很难估计有多少孩子有诵读困难。
how to roughly estimate your caloric intake 如何粗略估算热量摄入 
It is conservatively estimated that not less than half a million people died in the famine. 据保守估计，死于这场饥荒的人数不下五十万。
This made it possible to estimate the effect of workplace ventilation. 这样就能够估计工作场所的通风效果。
The results of the survey were used to estimate the preferences of the population at large. 调查结果已用于估计公众的大致喜好。
I can give you a rough estimate of the amount of wood you will need. 我可以粗略估计一下你所需要的木材量。
a ballpark estimate (= an approximate estimate) 大致相近的估计 
official government estimates of traffic growth over the next decade 政府对今后十年交通增长的正式估计 
At least 5 000 people were killed, and that's a conservative estimate (= the real figure will be higher). 至少5 000人丧生，这还是个保守的估计。
the official estimate of the election result 竞选结果的官方预测 
This figure is five times the original estimate. 这个数据是最初估算的五倍。
Current estimates suggest that supplies will run out within six months. 据目前估计，供给品将在六个月之内用尽。
Inflation could rise by 15% according to the latest estimate. 据最新估计，通货膨胀率可能上升15%。
optimistic, pessimistic estimate 乐观的估计；悲观的估计 
cost, earnings estimate 成本估计；收入估算 
population estimate 人口估算 
casualty estimate 伤亡估算 
I hadn't been far wrong in my estimate of his grandson's capabilities. 我对他孙子的能力的判断还不算太离谱。
The shop also offers a curtain-making and fitting service. Quotes and estimates can be prepared by computer on the spot. 那家商店还提供窗帘制作和安装服务，而且可以用计算机现场制作报价单和预算书。

n. [C] 一次长途旅行（尤指在海上或太空航行）:
vi. [文学]（尤指乘船进行长距离）航行:
voyage |['vɒɪɪdӡ]
a voyage in space 太空旅行 
sea voyage 海上航行 
transatlantic voyage 横越大西洋的航行 
solo voyage 单人航行 
homeward, return voyage 返航；归航 
first voyage 首航 
Going to college can be a voyage of discovery.（比喻用法）上大学可能是一次发现之旅。
to voyage through the Indian ocean 穿越印度洋

n. [U, C] 颂扬:
n. [U, C] 庆祝:
n. [C] 人们为庆祝某事而组织的一次特殊活动，即庆祝、庆典。此时与ceremony未见明显区别，但不如ceremony常用:
celebration |[͵selɪ'breɪʃn]
The service was a celebration of his life. 举行的宗教仪式颂扬了他的一生。
a joyous celebration of life 对生命的欢快礼赞
a party in celebration of their fiftieth wedding anniversary 庆祝他们结婚五十周年纪念的聚会 
family celebration 家庭庆祝活动 
celebration dinner, celebration party 庆祝宴会 
The victory was a cause for great celebration. 这次胜利值得隆重庆祝。
national, public celebration 国庆；公众庆祝活动 
anniversary, birthday, victory celebration 周年庆典；生日庆祝活动；庆祝胜利的活动 
New Year celebration 新年庆祝活动 
religious celebration 宗教庆典

a person who is very interested in a particular activity or subject:对特定活动或主题非常感兴趣的人
a person of intense and visionary Christian views.:一个有强烈和有远见的基督徒观点的人。
enthusiast |ɪnˈθjuːzɪast| Noun/:爱好者,迷,狂热者
a sports car enthusiast:a跑车爱好者

feeling no admiration, interest, or respect:感觉没有钦佩、兴趣或尊重
unimpressed |ʌnɪmˈprɛst| Adjective/:不为所动,无动于衷的
he was unimpressed with the news:他对这个消息不以为然

continuing for a long time:持续很长时间
long-running |ˌlɒŋˈrʌnɪŋ| Adjective/:长期运行,长时间运行
a long-running dispute over EU subsidies:长期存在的欧盟补贴争端

~ (that…) 不满的原因；作出的抱怨、埋怨:
2 [U] 抱怨或埋怨的行为:
n. [C]（尤指不严重、常影响身体某部位的）疾病:
~ (that…) 投诉、控告:
2 [U] 投诉或控告的行为:
complaint |[kəmˈpleɪnt]
If you have a complaint about shoes bought from a shop covered by the Footwear Code, there are several ways of putting the matter right. 如果对在Footwear Code旗下零售店里买的鞋有不满意的地方，有几种解决问题的方式。
I've got no complaints about them. 对他们我没什么意见。
I believe you have a complaint against one of our nurses. 我认为你对我们的一位护士有怨言。
I'd like to make a complaint about the noise. 我要就噪音问题提出投诉。
a complaint that he had been unfairly treated 抱怨说他受到了不公正待遇 
My only complaint is that the website is a little difficult to use. 我唯一的不满是这网站使用起来有点儿难。
One of the chief complaints is the cost. 主要的意见之一是成本问题。
I have a complaint about the food. 我对这些食物有意见。
a complaint about working conditions 对工作条件的不满 
a complaint from a customer 顾客的抱怨 
a complaint of unfair dismissal 对不正当解雇的投诉! 
to make a complaint to the authorities 向当局申诉 
I can see no grounds for complaint. 我看没理由抱怨。
The way I was treated gave me no cause for complaint. 我得到的待遇让我没有理由抱恶。
a chorus of complaint 一片抱怨声 
a matter of complaint（英，法律）抱怨的事由 
Eczema is a common skin complaint which often runs in families. 湿疹是一种常见的皮肤病，通常具遗传性。
minor complaint 小病 
chronic complaint 慢性病 
Not being able to sleep at night is a very common complaint. 晚上睡不好觉是很常见的毛病。
back, chest complaint 背部疾病；胸部疾病 
physical complaint 身体疾病 
medical complaint 疾病 
He has a minor skin complaint. 他有轻微的皮肤病。
The most common complaint is about poor service. 最常见的投诉与服务差有关。
We received a number of complaints from customers about the lack of parking facilities. 我们收到了来自顾客的许多投诉，抱怨缺乏停车设施。
There's been a record number of complaints about the standard of service on Britain's railways. 有关英国铁路服务水平的投诉空前的多。
People have been reluctant to make formal complaints to the police. 人们不愿向警方作出正式投诉。
I'd like to make a complaint about the noise. 我要就噪音问题提出投诉。
a formal complaint 正式控告 
to file/lodge (= make) a complaint（正式）提出控告 
consumer, customer complaint 消费者投诉；顾客投诉 
citizen complaint（美）市民投诉 
civil, criminal（美）民事投诉；刑事投诉 
discrimination, harassment complaint 歧视投诉；骚扰投诉 
ethics complaint（美）道德方面的投诉 
He brought a complaint against his former manager. 他投诉他以前的经理。
They filed a complaint with the Commission. 他们向委员会操交投诉。
We have had some serious complaints from parents. 找们收到家长的一些严正投诉。
The tribunal heard complaints against the director. 审理委员会听取了对那名主管的控告。complaints arising from late payment 由拖欠付款引发的投诉 
a complaint against the police 对警方提出的控告 
a complaint of unfair dismissal 对不正当解雇的投诉! 
to make a complaint to the authorities 向当局申诉 
complaint procedure（美）, complaints procedure（英）, complaint system（美）申诉程序；投诉程序；控告制度 
complaint letter（尤美）（英美通常用letter of complaint）投诉信 
complaint form 投诉表

n. [U, C] 各社会群体之间在财富、地位、机会等方面的不平等、不均衡:
inequality |[ˌɪnɪˈkwɒləti;美-ˈkwɑ:l-]
People are concerned about social inequality. 人们很关注社会不平等问题。
Blacks have been hurt by racial inequalities in housing and education. 住房与教育方面的种族不平等现象让黑人深受伤害。
inequality of opportunity 机会的不均等 
economic inequalities between different areas 不同地区间的经济不平衡 
class, educational, gender, income inequality 阶级不平等；教育不平等；性别不平等；收入不均等

n. [C, U] amount (of sth) 尤与不可数名词连用，指数量或数额。有一种“总量”或“总额”的色彩，且通常不算是一种正式用法。此时单纯在词义上相当于quantity:
vi. amount to后接某一总数，可表示总计:
vi. amount to sth 等于…，与…相同:
n. [C, U]（钱的）金额:
amount |[ə'maʊnt]
an amount of time 一段时间 
a considerable amount of money 一大笔钱 
an amount of information 一些信息 
an amount of help 一些帮助 
huge amounts of data 大量数据 
high amounts of oxygen 大量氧气
Consumer spending on sports-related items amounted to $9.75 billion. 消费者在体育相关用品上的消费总共达到了97.5亿美元。
His earnings are said to amount to £300 000 per annum. 据说他每年的酬金高达30万英镑。
They gave me some help in the beginning but it did not amount to much. 起初他们给了我一些帮助，但帮助不大。
Her answer amounted to a complete refusal. 她的答复等于完全拒绝。
Their actions amount to a breach of contract. 他们的行为已属违反合同。
It’ll cost a lot--well, take a lot of time, but it amounts to the same thing. 会花很多——哦，得花大量时间，不过反正都是一回事。
to refund any amount due to you 退还你应得的所有款项 
a bill for the full amount 全额账单

vt. 需要耗费大量体力或脑力:
n. [C, U] tax (on sth) 税，税款。是“税”的基本用词和概括性用词:
vt. 使…纳税，课税，征税:
tax |[tæks]
The problem is taxing the brains of the nation’s experts. 这个问题正在让全国的专家大伤脑筋。
income, land, property tax 所得税；土地税；财产税 
value add tax (= VAT) 增值税 
personal tax 个人税 
company（英）, corporate, corporation tax 公司税；法人税 
vehicle tax 车辆税 
a tax on cigarettes 香烟税 
tax authority, tax office 税务局；税务部门 
tax law, tax system 税法；税收制度 
tax cut 减税 
to be heavily taxed 被课以重税 
to tax the rich 向富人征税 
Many goods were taxed at 15%. 许多商品按15%的税率课税。
You will be taxed on all your income. 你的所有收入都要纳税。

adj. 指有很多金钱、财物等的，即富有的，与rich近义:
n. [C] the wealthy 为复数名词，指有钱人，富人:
wealthy |['welθɪ]
a wealthy nation 富国 
a wealthy region 富裕地区 
He is now fabulously wealthy. 他现在十分富有。
a school only for the wealthy 富人学校

in every case or on every occasion; invariably:在任何情况下或在任何场合；总是
in a fair and impartial way:以公平公正的方式
consistently |kənˈsɪst(ə)ntli| Adverb/:始终如一,一贯地
the vehicle consistently outperforms some of the best competitors:车辆始终胜过一些最好的竞争对手
students have to be treated consistently by all staff members:students必须得到所有员工的一致对待

~ sth (in) 搅动、搅和、搅拌（液体或物质，使其彻底混合）:
n. [C, usually sing.] 搅动、搅和、搅拌:
vi. ~ from 用于否定式，表示离开（一个地方）:
vi.（感情或情绪）开始感到、逐渐产生:
vt. ~ sb (to sth) 打动:
vt.&vi.（使）微微移动，尤指(因不舒服)稍稍活动;(睡醒前)挪动身体:
vt.&vi.（使）在风中轻轻拂动:
vt. ~ sb (to sth) 激发（想象力等）:
vt.&vi. [英，非正式，贬] 拨弄是非、挑起麻烦:
vt.&vi.（使）行动、活动:
vi.（回忆）开始感到、逐渐产生:
n. [sing.]（一些人感到的）激动、愤怒、震惊。相当于commotion:
stir |[stɜ:(r)]
vt. ~ sth (into sth) 
She stirred her tea. 她搅了搅茶。
Stir the soup for a few seconds. 将汤搅和几秒钟。
Boil the mixture, stirring frequently. 把混合液煮沸，同时不停地搅动。
Bring to the boil, stirring all the time. 加热至沸腾，同时不停地搅动。
Stir over a medium heat for three minutes. 用中火加热并搅拌三分钟。
There was Mrs Bellingham, stirring sugar into her tea. 贝林厄姆太太正在那里将糖搅进茶里。
The vegetables are stirred into the rice while it is hot. 趁米饭热时把蔬菜拌进去。
Chop an onion and stir it into the sauce. 把一个洋葱切碎并搅到酱汁里。
Gradually stir in the beaten egg. 慢慢搅入打成糊的鸡蛋。
Stir in the milk until the sauce thickens. 把牛奶搅进去，直到酱汁变稠为止。
Give the mixture a good stir. 把混合料好好搅拌一下。
Could you give the rice a stir? 你把米饭搅一搅好吗？
She had not stirred from the house that evening. 她那天晚上没有离开过那座房子。
There's something you could study without stirring from this room. 有些东西你不用离开这个房间也可以学习。
It was not music to set hearts on fire or deeply stir the emotions. 这不是那种能够点燃内心之火或者深深激发情感的音乐。
A feeling of guilt began to stir in her. 她心里渐渐生出了内疚感。
Amy remembered the anger he had stirred in her. 埃米还记得他曾怎样惹自己生气。
She was stirred by his sad story. 他那悲惨的故事打动了她。
The voice, less coarse now, stirred her as it had then. 现在那声音已不那么刺耳，它又如当年一样让她怦然心动。
I was intrigued by him, stirred by his intellect. 我被他的聪明才智所打动，对他产生了好奇心。
She heard the baby stir in the next room. 她听见婴儿在隔壁动弹。
to sleepily stir 睡眼惺忪地动 
to stir in your sleep 在睡梦中动 
A noise stirred me from sleep. 响声把我从睡梦中惊醒。
Eileen shook him, and he started to stir. 艾琳晃了晃他，他开始醒过来。
The two women lay on their backs, not stirring. 两名妇女一动不动地仰面躺着。
The students stirred restlessly in their seats. 学生们在座位上坐立不安。
Palm trees stir in the soft Pacific breeze. 棕榈树在太平洋和煦的微风中轻轻地摇动。
Not a breath of fresh air stirred the long white curtains. 连一丝风也没有，白色的长窗帘一动不动。
A slight breeze was stirring the branches. 微风吹动着树枝。
The wind hardly stirred the surface of the water. 风几乎没有吹皱水面。
a book that really stirs the imagination 很能激发人的想象力的书
You're just stirring it! 你这不是搬弄是非吗！
You haven't stirred from that chair all evening! 你坐在那把椅子上一晚上没动了！
Come on, stir yourself. You're late! 快，快走吧。你要迟到了！
Their complaints have finally stirred him into action. 他们的抱怨最终促使他采取了行动。
Stir yourself! We've got a visitor. 动起来！有客人来了。
You can't even stir yourself to have a drink with them. 你甚至都懒得去和他们喝一杯。
Going back there stirred up a lot of memories for her. 回到那里唤起了她很多回忆。
Then a memory stirs in you and you start feeling anxious. 接着一段回忆涌上心头，你开始感到焦虑不安。
Amy remembered the anger he had stirred in her. 埃米还记得他曾怎样惹自己生气。
Her resignation caused quite a stir. 她的辞职引起很大震动。
His film has caused a stir in America. 他的电影已在美国引起了轰动。
media, political stir（均尤美）媒体轰动；政坛轰动 
There was quite a stir about the book. 关于这本书有过一阵不小的轰动。
The discovery caused something of a stir among physicists.（something of a stir尤为英式用法）这个发现在物理学家当中引起了几分轰动。

vi. struggle (with sb) (for sth)（尤指为得到某东西而）与某人竞争或争辩:
vi. 1 struggle (for sth) 在艰难（或存在很多问题）之时努力去做某事，即奋斗，努力:
2 艰难地向某处行进，或艰难地做某事:
3 struggle (against/with sb/sth)（为防止一种糟糕的境地或结果而）与…抗争或斗争:
struggle (between A and B)为获得某东西或实现某个目标（尤指其他人不想让你拥有的东西或不想让你达成的目标）而进行的艰苦的斗争、奋斗或努力:
vi. struggle (with sb) (for sth)（尤指为得到某东西而）与某人争辩:
vi. struggle (with sb) 与某人打斗，或从这些人中挣扎脱身:
n. [C] 两个人或两群人之间所进行的打斗（尤指其中一方试图逃脱、或从另一方得到某东西）:
n. [sing.] struggle (to do sth) 难做或难以实现的事情，即难事，相当于effort:
struggle |['strʌɡl]
rival leaders struggling for power 互相对立的领导人争夺权力
a country struggling for independence 为独立而奋斗的国家 
I struggled up the hill with the heavy bags. 我背着几个沉重的包吃力地爬上山去。
He struggled for breath. 他艰难地喘着气。
The small boat struggled against the waves. 小船在波涛中艰难行进。
She struggled on despite the pain. 尽管疼痛难忍，她依然竭力坚持着。
He was really struggling in geometry. 几何他确实学得很吃力。
I was unemployed and struggling financially. 我失业了，经济上捉襟见肘。
He struggled against cancer for two years. 他同癌症抗争了两年。
Lisa struggled with her conscience before talking to the police. 莉萨经过一番良心上的斗争，终于对警方说了。
struggle (with sb) (to do sth) 
a struggle for independence 争取独立的斗争 
armed struggle 武装斗争 
class struggle 阶级斗争 
economic, political, power struggle 经济斗争；政治斗争；权力之争 
the inner struggles of this complicated woman 这个复杂女性的内心斗争 
the struggle between good and evil 善恶之争 
a struggle over the property 财产之争 
She will not give up her children without a struggle. 她不会轻易放弃自己的孩子。
the daily struggle for survival 为生存而进行的日复一日的奋斗 
species engaged in a life-or-death struggle with the environment 与环境进行生死斗争的物种
Tom and Jerry struggled together on the grass. 汤姆和杰瑞在草地上扭打起来。
I struggled and screamed for help. 我挣扎着，高声呼救。
How did she manage to struggle free? 她是如何设法逃脱的？
life-and-death struggle 生死之战 
She won’t give up without a struggle. 她不会束手就擒。
He was involved in a struggle with the police. 他卷入了一场与警察的打斗。
There was no sign of a struggle by the murder victim. 谋杀案的受害人没有挣扎过的迹象。
It was a real struggle to be ready on time. 要按时做好准备确非易事。
It will be an uphill struggle to maintain exports at the current level. 保持现有的出口水平将需要付出艰苦的努力。
We had a real struggle to get everything into the suitcase. 我们费了好大的劲儿，才把所有东西塞进手提箱里。

n. [sing.] 公开演讲、唱歌等的方式或风格:
n. [C, U] 分娩的过程:
n. [C]（尤指板球或棒球运动中）投出的一个球:
n. 1 [U, C]（信件的）递送；投递:
2 [C] 递送之物；投递之物:
n. 1 [U, C]（货物、信件等的）递送；运送；投递:
2 [C] 递送之物；投递之物；运送之物:
delivery |[dɪˈlɪvəri]
His speeches were magnificently written but his delivery was hopeless. 他的发言稿写得非常精彩，但他的演讲风格真是无可救药。
The beautiful poetry was ruined by her poor delivery. 这优美的诗被她拙劣的朗诵给糟蹋了。
easy, difficult delivery 顺产；难产 
premature, preterm delivery 早产 
breech delivery 臀位分娩 
vaginal delivery 阴道分娩
Caesarean, Caesarean-section, C-section（美）delivery 剖宫产；剖腹产 
forceps delivery 产钳分娩 
The figures show an increase in forceps deliveries. 数据显示产钳分娩数量增多。
delivery room, delivery ward (= in a hospital, etc.) 产房；产科病房 
She had a very easy delivery with her second child. 她第二胎分娩很顺利。
In the end, it was an easy delivery: a fine baby boy. 分娩过程最终非常顺利，生了个健康的男婴。
Premature birth is three times more likely for twins, and delivery at 36 to 38 weeks is normal. 双胞胎的早产率要比一般的高出两倍，在36到38周之间分娩很正常。
a fast delivery 一个快投球
an electronic message delivery system 电子信息传送系统 
It is available at £108, including VAT and delivery. 其价格为108英镑，包括增值税和送货费在内。
Interflora, the flower delivery service 国际花商联盟，鲜花速递服务机构 
Please pay for goods on delivery (= when you receive them). 请货到付款。
Please pay the driver on delivery. 货到时请付款给司机。
Allow 28 days for delivery. 请留出28天送货时间。
Is there a postal/mail delivery on Saturdays? 星期六送邮件吗？
the delivery of public services（比喻用法）提供公共事业服务 
on-time delivery（尤美）准时交货 
late delivery 延迟递送 
morning next-day, overnight delivery 早晨送达；次日送达；隔夜送达 
scheduled, special delivery 按期投递；专门投递 
guaranteed express delivery to over 170 countries 到170多个国家的快递，保证送达 
We need more efficient delivery of humanitarian aid. 我们需要更加有效地送达这些人道主义援助。
safe delivery 安全递送 
mail（尤英）, newspaper, pizza delivery 邮件递送；报纸递送；比萨饼递送 
All mail deliveries were suspended during the strike. 罢工期间所有邮件暂停递送。
a pizza delivery boy 披萨饼派送员 
We offer free home delivery. 我们免费送货上门。
The company offers free delivery to your home. 公司免费送货上门。
The cuts will inevitably impact on service delivery. 资金的削减必然会影响服务的提供。
health-care delivery 医疗服务 
Digital content delivery, especially music and video, is the next big business. 数码内容的传送，特别是音乐和视频，是下一项大业务。
We do all our deliveries in the mornings. 我们所有的递送都在上午进行。
We guarantee delivery before 9 a.m. the next day. 我们保证第二天上午9点前交货。
Order by 30 November to ensure delivery by Christmas. 在11月30日之前下单以确保圣诞节之前能送达。
We have invested to improve service delivery. 我们已经投资改进递送服务。
We are awaiting delivery of some new office furniture. 我们在等待一些新办公家具送货。
delivery truck（尤美）, delivery van 送货卡车；厢式送货车 
delivery date, delivery schedule, delivery time 递送日期；送货日程安排；送货时间 
delivery route 递送路线 
He was employed at the local grocery store as a delivery boy. 他受雇于当地杂货店当送货员。
delivery charge 递送费用 
delivery service 递送服务 
delivery mechanism, delivery method, delivery system 递送机制；递送方法；递送系统 
an electronic message delivery system 电子信息传送系统 
completed orders for delivery 填好的送货单 
I got a delivery of fresh eggs this morning. 我今天早上收到了送来的新鲜鸡蛋。
When can you take delivery of (= be available to receive) the car?（正式）你何时能提取那辆汽车？
The government has now taken delivery of the new fighter planes. 政府已接收交付的新战斗机。
We receive only one delivery of books per week. 我们每星期只进一次书。

n. [C, usually sing., U] 一个组织机构中的所有工作人员，即全体职员，全体雇员（被视作一个团体）:
vt. 常用被动式，在机构、公司等工作，即任职于机构或公司等；也可指为…配备职员:
n. [C] [旧时或正式]（行走或攀登时所用的）拐杖（可用作武器或权力的象征）:
n. [C] [尤美] 五线谱:
n. [C] 军队中的全体参谋人员（负责协助司令员）:
n. [sing.] [美] 大中小学的行政（或管理）人员（其不负责具体的教学工作）:
staff |[stɑːf]
junior, senior staff 初级职员；高级职员 
the ground staff at the airport 机场的地勤人员 
administrative, editorial staff 行政人员；编辑人员 
the campaign staff of President Bush 布什总统的竞选工作人员 
medical staff 全体医务人员 
nursing, teaching（英）staff 护理人员；教学人员 
hotel, office staff 酒店人员；办公室人员 
bar, kitchen staff 酒吧工作人员；厨房工作人员 
There are four full-time staff members. 有四名全职员工。
The advice centre is staffed entirely by volunteers. 在咨询中心工作的全都是志愿者。
The ward is now fully staffed. 病房现在人员配备齐全。
a staff officer 参谋 
general staff 全体参谋；总参谋部
students, faculty and staff 学生和教职员工

n. [U] [英，非正式] 勇气或信心（如去做危险之事或令人不悦之事的勇气或信心）:
vt. 将液体装入瓶中:
n. 1 [C] 玻璃瓶或塑料瓶（常为圆柱形，瓶颈较细，尤用于储存液体）:
2 [C, usually sing.]（给婴儿喂奶的）奶瓶:
n. [C, usually sing.]（给婴儿喂奶的）奶瓶中的奶（非母乳）:
n. [sing.] [非正式] 酒精饮品，即酒:
vt. 将水果或蔬菜装入玻璃瓶以保存之:
n. [C] 也可用bottleful，指一瓶的量:
bottle |['bɒtl]
It took a lot of bottle to do that. 那样做需要很大的勇气。
The wines are bottled after three years. 那些酒是在三年之后装瓶的。
beer, medicine bottle 啤酒瓶；药瓶 
glass, plastic bottle 玻璃瓶；塑料瓶 
bottle cap, bottle top 瓶盖 
bottle opener 开瓶器 
It’s time for her bottle. 该给她用奶瓶喂奶了。
After his wife died, he really hit the bottle (= started drinking heavily). 他妻子死后，他就酗酒了。
a bottle of wine 一瓶葡萄酒

n. representative (of sb/sth) 1 [C] 被选出来为其他人讲话或表决的一个人，也可指作为一个群体之代表的一个人:
2 [C] 被选出来以代替其他人的一个人，即（某人的）代表:
3 [C] 某一群体的一个典型（或代表性）人物:
adj. 1 representative (of sb/sth)（在某个群体中或在人们中）典型的、有代表性的:
2 常用于名词前，指（代表范围）涵盖了一个大的群体中的所有不同类型的人或事物的:
3 representative (of sth) 可被作为某事物的一个典型事例（或代表）的:
n. representative (of sb/sth) [C] 也用非正式的rep，为一家公司工作并到处去销售该公司产品的一个人，即销售代表:
n. [C] Representative 简写为Rep.，在美国可指众议院议员（参议院议员称为“Senator”，缩写为Sen.）:
adj.（一个政府体制等）由被选举出来以代表其余群体进行讲话或表决的人们组成的，即由代表组成的、代议制的:
adj.（一个政府体制等）由被选举出来以代表其余群体进行讲话或表决的人们组成的，即由代表组成的、代议制的:
representative |[͵reprɪ'zentətɪv][͵reprɪ'zentətɪv]
regional representative 地区代表 
British representative 英国代表 
UN representative 联合国代表 
military representative 军事代表 
company, industry, trade representative 企业代表；行业代表；贸易代表 
media representative 媒体代表 
employee representative 雇员代表 
class, student representative 班级代表；学生代表 
public representative 公众代表 
representatives to a conference 大会代表 
He was the Queen’s representative at the ceremony. 他代表女王出席了庆典。
The singer is regarded as a representative of the youth of her generation. 这位歌手被看作是她那一代年轻人的典型代表。
Is a questionnaire answered by 500 people truly representative of the population as a whole? 由500人参加的问卷调查能真正代表所有民众吗？
a widely representative collection of Greek vases 一批有普遍代表性的希腊花瓶收藏品 
to be statistically representative 在数据上有代表性的 
a nationally representative picture of the employment situation 全国就业形势图 
a representative sample of teachers 各类教师的代表 
The painting is not representative of his work of the period. 这幅画不是他在那个时期的代表作。
customer-service, sales, marketing representative 客户服务代表；销售代表；营销代表 
financial, insurance, pharmaceutical representative 金融代表；保险代表；医药代表 
our representative in Tokyo 我们公司驻东京的销售代表
a representative democracy 代议制民主政体
a representative democracy 代议制民主政体

~ (between A and B) 两个或多个本应相同的事物之间的差异:
discrepancy |[dɪsˈkrepənsi]
the glaring discrepancy between the crime and the punishment 罪与罚的严重不符 
There were wide discrepancies in the evidence. 证据中有很大出入。
major discrepancies in payments made to claimants in similar circumstances 同类情况下索赔人所获款项的巨大差异 
How do you explain the apparent discrepancies between the money and the receipts? 你如何解释金额与收据的明显出入？
wide discrepancies in prices quoted for the work 这项工作的报价出入很大 
She failed to notice the discrepancy between the name on the letter and the name on the passport. 她没有注意到信上的名字与护照上的名字不符。
Discrepancies occurred between the written and electronic records. 书面记录与电子记录出现了不一致。
the discrepancy between press and radio reports 新闻和广播报道之间的出入 
What are the reasons for the discrepancy between girls' and boys' performance in school? 女生和男生在学校表现不同的原因何在呢？

the chirp of a small or young bird:小鸟或幼鸟的啁啾
a post made on the social media application Twitter:在社交媒体应用程序Twitter上发布的帖子
make a chirping noise:发出啾啾声
make a post on the social media application Twitter:在社交媒体应用程序Twitter上发帖
communicate with (someone) on Twitter:communicatewith(someone)onTwitter
tweet |twiːt| Noun/Verb/:鸣叫,推特
the gentle tweet of a bird can be heard:可以听到鸟儿轻柔的鸣叫
he started posting tweets via his mobile phone to let his parents know he was safe:他开始通过手机发推文让他的父母知道他是安全的
the birds were tweeting in the branches:鸟儿在树枝上鸣叫
she talks about her own life, but she's just as likely to tweet about budget cuts and Keynesian economics:she谈论她自己的生活，但她也很可能会发布关于预算削减和凯恩斯主义经济学的推文
email us, tweet us, go to our blog, and find us on Facebook:给我们发电子邮件，发推文，访问我们的博客，然后在Facebook上找到我们

n. [C] 存储大量商品的仓库，货栈，尤指在将货物运送至商店进行销售前进行存储的仓库:
warehouse |['weəhaʊs]
distribution, retail, wholesale warehouse 分销仓库；零售仓库；批发仓库 
cotton warehouse 棉花仓库 
dockside warehouse 码头仓库 
data warehouse（技术用语）数据库 
warehouse worker 仓库工人 
warehouse district（尤美）仓储区 
warehouse space 仓储空间 
warehouse store（美）仓储超市 
warehouse sale（美）仓库特卖 
A large quantity of goods are piled up in the warehouse. 大量商品正堆积在仓库里。

n. 1 [C]（通常用the economy）（一国或一地区的）经济:
2 [C] 就经济体制而言的国家，可称为经济体:
n. [C, U] 对时间、金钱、资源、力气等的节约、节省、节俭:
economy |[ɪˈkɒnəmi;美ɪˈkɑ:n-]
agrarian, agricultural, capitalist, free-market, industrial, industrialized, knowledge-based, liberal, market, mixed, monetary, planned, political, rural, socialist economy 农村经济；农业经济；资本主义经济；自由市场经济；工业经济；工业化经济；知识经济；自由经济；市场经济；混合经济；货币经济；计划经济；政治经济；乡村经济；社会主义经济 
domestic economy 国内经济 
the increasingly competitive global economy 竞争日趋激烈的全球经济 
underground economy 地下经济 
The black economy booms when there is high unemployment. 失业率偏高，黑市经济就会繁荣起来。
Each party has its own strategy for building a strong economy. 各政党都有壮大经济的策略。
The government was accused of failing to run the economy competently. 政府被指责未能有效地搞好经济。
Agriculture was the backbone of the economy. 从前农业是经济的支柱。
A small manufacturing sector inhibits growth in the economy. 制造业规模太小有碍经济增长。
the size of the economy 经济规模 
The economy is in recession. 经济处于衰退之中。
The government devalued the currency to try to revive the flagging economy. 政府使货币贬值以振兴衰退的经济。
The Japanese economy grew at an annual rate of more than 10 per cent. 日本经济以年增长率超过10%的速度增长。
Ireland was one of the fastest-growing economies in Western Europe in the 1990s. 在20世纪90年代爱尔兰是西欧经济发展最快的经济体之一。
Zimbabwe boasts Africa's most industrialised economy. 津巴布韦是非洲工业化程度最高的经济体。
We could achieve major economies in time with this new machinery. 用这台新机器我们可以节约大量时间。
possible economies in telephone costs 有可能节约的电话费开支 
We're on an economy drive at home (= trying to avoid waste and spend as little money as possible).（英）我们正在家里实行勤俭节约。
Buy the large economy pack (= the one that gives you better value for money)! 买这大包的实惠装吧！
an economy pack containing 150 assorted screws 内含150枚各种螺丝的经济装 
to fly economy (class) (= by the cheapest class of air travel) 乘坐经济舱 
an economy fare (= the cheapest) 经济舱票价 
We need to make substantial economies. 我们需要厉行节约。
They will make economies by hiring fewer part-time workers. 他们将通过减少雇用兼职工人来节省开支。
It's a false economy to buy cheap clothes (= it seems cheaper but it is not really since they do not last very long). 买便宜衣服实际上划不来。
A cheap bed can be a false economy. 便宜的床看似省钱，其实可能不然。
Bigger markets can provide significant economies of scale. 扩大市场能够形成强大的规模经济。
Savings are being planned as part of a huge economy drive. 计划中节约资源是这个大规模节约运动的一部分。
improvements in the fuel economy of cars 汽车节油方面的改进 
It seems a false economy to me to cut down on libraries. 在我看来，减少图书馆的数量并不是真正的节约。
economy of effort/movement 省力 
It was impressive to see her economy of movement as she worked the machine. 令人印象深刻的是她操作机器十分省力。
She writes with a great economy of words (= using only the necessary words). 她写作文字非常简练。
There was mostly silence. I have never known such economy with words. 大部分时候都是沉默，我还从未见过如此惜字如金的情形。          

n. [U] 一种（应受到尊重或尊敬的）镇定而严肃的举止或态度，如庄重、庄严:
n. 1 [U] 被人们给予了荣誉和尊敬，即高尚，高贵，光荣，尊贵:
2 [U] 对自身重要性和价值的一种感知，即自重，自尊:
dignity |['dɪɡnətɪ]
She spoke to him with quiet dignity. 她以平静庄重的语气对他说话。
the dignity of work 工作的光荣 
The terminally ill should be allowed to die with dignity. 应该允许垂危病人死得有尊严。
His aristocratic voice gives him an air of dignity and power. 他那贵族似的嗓音赋予了他一种尊贵显赫、身居高位的气质。
It’s difficult to preserve your dignity when you have no job and no home. 一个无家无业的人难以保持自己的尊严。
Slavery destroys human dignity. 奴隶制践踏人的尊严。
He regarded manual work as beneath his dignity. 他认为干体力活儿有失他的身份。
He hoped that he could change his mind without loss of dignity. 他希望自己可以不失体面地改变主意。
She had a strong sense of dignity. 她自尊心很强。

the process or skill of multiplying:乘法的过程或技巧
the process of combining matrices, vectors, or other quantities under specific rules to obtain their product.:在特定规则下组合矩阵、向量或其他量以获得它们的乘积的过程。
multiplication |ˌmʌltɪplɪˈkeɪʃ(ə)n| Noun/:乘法
we need to use both multiplication and division to find the answers:我们需要同时使用乘法和除法来找到答案
