hijack							劫持，把持
announce						宣布，介绍
seek							寻找，追求，请求
decrease						减少
workload						工作量
regulation						规定，标准化的
go public						上市
tutor							教师，课本
syllabus						教学大纲
academic						学业的
segment							部门，分割
cater							满足...的需要
advantage						有利条件
spook							间谍，受惊
severity						严重，严厉
fund							基金，储备
severely						严重的，严厉的
separate						分开的，独立的，隔开
ministry						政府的部
welfare							福祉，福利
stun							打昏，使震惊
reversal						颠倒，转换，撤销
emerge							出现，摆脱
attract							吸引
err on the side of caution		宁求稳妥
err								犯错误
\\\\\\\\


unlawfully seize (an aircraft, ship, or vehicle) in transit and force it to go to a different destination or use it for one's own purposes:在运输途中非法扣押（飞机、船舶或车辆）并强迫其前往不同的目的地或将其用于自己的目的
steal (goods) by seizing them in transit:通过在运输途中抓住它们来窃取（货物）
take over (something) and use it for a different purpose:接管（某事）并将其用于不同的目的
an incident or act of hijacking:劫持事件或行为
hijack |ˈhʌɪdʒak| Noun/Verb/:劫持
a man armed with grenades hijacked the jet yesterday:昨天一名手持手榴弹的男子劫持了飞机
the UN convoys have been tamely allowing gunmen to hijack relief supplies:联合国车队一直温顺地允许枪手劫持救援物资
he argues that pressure groups have hijacked the environmental debate:他认为压力团体劫持了环境辩论

vt.（在广播或电视中）播报节目，如播音。是“播音”的常规用词:
vt. 1 announce (sth) (to sb) 正式地将某事（尤指一个决定、一项计划等）告知给某人，即正式宣布或宣告:
2 大声且（或）严肃地说出某事，即声称，宣称:
vt. 1 announce yourself/sb 当某人到达某地时，将该人的名字告知给别人:
2（尤指通过扬声器）在公共场合发布关于某事的信息，即广播通知:
announce |[ə'naʊns]
The government yesterday announced to the media plans to create a million new jobs. 政府在昨天向媒体宣布了创造一百万个新工作的计划。
The company proudly announced the launch of its new range of cars. 该公司骄傲地宣布其新系列轿车的推出。
Mr and Mrs James are pleased to announce the engagement of their daughter, Louise. 詹姆斯先生和太太高兴地宣布他们的女儿露易丝订婚。
She announced that she’d given up smoking. 她宣称她已戒烟。
‘I’m hungry!’ he loudly announced.“我饿了！”他大声说道。
Would you announce the guests as they arrive? 客人到达时请你通报他们的姓名好吗？
Has our flight been announced yet? 广播通知了我们的航班没有？

vt.＆vi. [正式] 尝试去获得某事物或实现某事，如寻求、谋求、争取:
vt. [正式] seek sth (from sb)向某人请求或寻求某东西:
vt.＆vi. [正式] seek (for) sth/sb 寻找（某事物或某人）:
n. [U] [正式] –seeking用于构成名词，指对某东西所展开的寻找或追求的活动:
adj. [正式] –seeking用于构成形容词，指寻找或尝试去得到某东西的:
vi. [正式] 尝试去做某事，相当于attempt，但seek此时仅为不及物动词:
seek |[si:k]
to seeking funding for the project 为该项目寻求资金支持 
to seek a solution 寻找解决方案 
to seek work（英）找工作 
He was desperately seeking a way to see her again. 他正拼命想办法再见她一面。
The president deliberately sought to expand his country’s influence on the region. 总统处心积虑地寻找机会扩大自己国家对该地区的影响。
to seek legal advice 咨询一下律师 
to seek help from a neighbour 向一位邻居求助
to seek alternative routes 寻找其他路线 
They sought in vain for somewhere to shelter.（英）他们怎么也找不到一个藏身的地方。
to seek for alternative materials which might bring the cost down 寻找可以降低成本的替代性材料 
the answers she sought in those books 她在那些书中搜寻的答案
job-seeking 求职
attention-seeking behaviour 吸引别人注意力的行为
They quickly sought to distance themselves from the protesters. 他们迅速设法远离抗议者。

vt.＆vi. decrease (from sth) (to sth) 某事物的尺寸、数量等变得越来越小；使某事物的尺寸、数量等变得越来越小。是一个常规用词之一:
decrease (of sth) 减少某事物的过程；或某事物的减少量。相当于reduction:
decrease |[dɪ'kri:s]
The price of wheat has decreased by 15%. 小麦价格降低了15%。
a decreasing population 逐渐减少的人口 
People should decrease the amount of fat they eat. 人们应减少脂肪的摄入量。
Spending has decreased slightly this year. 今年的花费略有减少。
to decrease in value 价值降低 
The heart gradually decreases in size. 心脏逐渐变小。
There has been some decrease in military spending this year. 今年的军费开支有所减少。
a decrease of nearly 6% in the number of visitors to the museum 参观博物馆人数下降将近6% 
a sharp decrease in pollution 污染的大幅减少 
a decrease in demand 需求减少 
a decrease in sales 销售减少 
a decrease in confidence 信心的减少

n. [C] 一个人（或组织机构）的工作量:
workload |[ˈwɜ:kləʊd;美ˈwɜ:rkloʊd]
The sudden cancellation of Mr Blair's trip was due to his heavy workload. 布莱尔先生因为工作繁重而突然取消行程。
We have taken on extra staff to cope with the increased workload. 我们已经额外雇用员工来应付增加了的工作量。
administrative 行政工作负荷 
An assistant one day a week would ease my workload. 每周有一天配一个助手就会减轻我的工作负担。
We want to try and distribute the workload more evenly. 我们想设法更为公平地分配工作。
Doctors are having to cope with an ever-expanding workload. 医生不得不应付日益增加的工作量。

n. [U] 运用规章制度或规则条例所进行的管控:
n. [C, usually pl.] 由政府或其他当权者制定的正式或官方规则，即规章，规定:
adj. 只作前置定语，指根据官方规定必须被穿戴或被使用的:
regulation |[reɡju'leɪʃn]
government, professional, state regulation 政府监管；专业监管；国家监管 
legal regulation 法律管制 
the voluntary regulation of the press 新闻出版业的自律 
economic, environmental, financial, price regulation 经济监管；环境监管；金融管制；价格管制 
temperature regulation 温度控制 
the regulation of the medical profession 对医疗行业的监管 
They are calling for tighter regulation of the industry. 他们呼吁实行更为严格的行业管制。
rules and regulations 规章制度 
draft regulations 法规草案 
emergency regulations 应急条例 
fire, safety, traffic regulations 防火条例；安全章程；交通法规 
federal, government regulations 联邦法规；政府法规 
prison, school regulations 监狱法规；校规 
the strict regulations governing the sale of weapons 关于武器销售的严格规定 
regulation uniform 规定的制服

n. [C] 某一科目的辅导书或课本，尤指音乐课本:
n. 1 [C] 家庭教师，私人教师（尤指一对一教师或小班教师）:
2 [C] [尤英] 对一个或一群学生的学习、健康等方面进行特别关注的教师，也可叫辅导员:
3 [C] [英] 教师，尤指对成年人进行授课或在学校里有特殊任务的教师:
4 [C] [美] 一些美国大学或学院的助理讲师，即助教:
tutor |['tju:tə]
a piano tutor 钢琴课本
full-time tutor 全职家庭教师 
personal, private tutor 私人教师 
advanced students who act as peer tutors（美）辅导同学的优秀学生 
online tutor 在线辅导教师 
course tutor（英）课程指导教师 
He became tutor to the prince. 他成了王子的私人教师。
She works part time as a tutor for Spanish. 她兼职做西班牙语的私人教师。
He became a tutor to some of the sport’s top players. 他成了该项运动一些顶级选手的导师。
personal tutor 个人指导教师 
an adult education tutor 成人教育教师 
college, university tutor（均英）学院助教；大学助教

n. [C] 学校里某门课程的教学大纲；也可指一门课的提纲或摘要:
syllabus |[ˈsɪləbəs]
class（尤美）, course syllabus 课程大纲 
exam, examination syllabus（均尤英）考试大纲 
A level syllabus 中学高级水平考试大纲 
college, school（尤英）, university（尤英）syllabus 学院教学大纲；学校教学大纲；大学教学大纲 
geography, history, mathematics syllabus 地理教学大纲；历史教学大纲；数学教学大纲 
online syllabus 网上教学大纲 
sample syllabuses for undergraduate courses 本科生课程大纲样本 
The courses do not follow the syllabus of any particular examination board. 这些课程安排不遵循任何特定考试委员会的大纲。
Several schools in Britain already teach this syllabus. 英国有几所学校已经开始教授这个大纲规定的教学内容。
Students follow different syllabuses according to their ability. 学生们根据自己的能力学习不同课程大纲规定的课程。
to revise syllabus（尤英）修订教学大纲 
It was impossible to cover the syllabus in a year. 不可能在一年内教完这一课程大纲的全部内容。
Does the syllabus cover modern literature? 这份大纲包括现代文学的内容吗？
syllabus design 大纲设计 
syllabus content（英）大纲内容 
questions from last year's syllabus 根据去年教学大纲出的一些试题 
Let's include that in this year's syllabus. 咱们把那一项纳入到今年的大纲里吧。
Is geometry on the syllabus? 这个大纲里有几何吗？
some syllabuses for basic courses in geography 地理基础课程教学大纲 
the course syllabuses in arts subjects 文科科目的课程大纲

n. [C] 高校中的学者:
adj. 1 常作前置定语，指与学术工作有关的，即学术上的:
2 与学校有关的，即学校的:
3 学术的，而非实际的或技术的:
4 指某人善于学习的，学习好的:
5 指一种讨论或情况不切实际的、空谈的、学究的、纯理论而不考虑实际情况的（且因此而不重要的）:
academic |[ækə'demɪk]
a group of academics 一批学者
academic standards 学术水平 
an academic career 学术生涯 
an academic year 学年 
an academic approach 学术的方法 
academic subjects 学科 
academic qualifications 学术资历 
It is purely academic. 这是纯学术性的。
less academic children 学习不太好的孩子 
to be purely academic 完全不切实际

n. [C] 从其他部分中分离出来的部分（该部分可以单独考量）:
vt. [常用被动式] [术语] 把某事物划分或分割成不同的部分:
n. [C]（柑橘、柠檬等的）瓣:
n. [C] [几何] 从圆形中分离出来的一部分，即弓形、圆缺:
n. [C] [语音学] 一个词可以划分出的最小语音部分，即音段:
segment |[ˈsegmənt]
She cleaned a small segment of the painting. 她擦干净了这幅画的一小部分。
Lines divided the area into segments. 这一地区用线条分成了若干部分。
the third segment of his journey 他此行的第三程 
the poorer segments of society 社会中的较贫穷阶层 
Three-to-five day cruises are the fastest-growing segment of the market. 3 至 5 天的乘船游览是该市场中发展最快的部分。
Women's tennis is the market leader in a growing market segment — women's sports. 女子网球正引领着一个逐渐壮大的市场——女子运动市场。
Market researchers often segment the population on the basis of age and social class. 市场研究人员常常按年龄和社会阶层划分人口。
The big six record companies are multinational, and thus can segment the world market into national ones. 六大唱片公司都是跨国经营，因此能够将世界市场按国家划分。
The worm has a segmented body (= with different sections joined together). 这条虫子的身体是分节的。
orange segment 橘子瓣

vt.＆vi. cater (for sb/sth) 为一场社交活动提供食物和饮料，即提供饮食，承办宴席:
cater |['keɪtə]
to cater the wedding 承办婚宴

n. [C] 网球运动中可指40-40以后所得的第一分，即（局末平分后的）占先:
n. 1 [C, U] advantage (over sb) 帮助自己（这个“自己”，可以是人，也可以是事物）并使自己比其他人更好（或更成功）的一个东西，可称为优势，有利条件，有利因素等:
2 [C] 使某事物本身变得更好（或更有用）的一种品质，即优点:
vt. [正式] 使某人比其他人（或比以前的自己）处于一个有利的位置:
advantage |[əd'vɑːntɪdӡ]
Advantage Roddick. 罗迪克占先。
Being tall gave him an advantage over the other players. 他个子高，比其他运动员有优势。
The new design gives us a clear advantage over our competitors. 新的设计使我们比竞争对手有明显的优势。
competitive, educational, psychological, technological advantage 竞争优势；教育优势；心理优势；技术优势 
cost, price, speed, tax advantage 成本优势；价格优势；速度优势；税收优势 
A small car has the added advantage of being cheaper to run. 小型轿车还有一个优点是养护成本比较便宜。
the advantages of living in a small town 在小城镇居住的好处 
The bright lighting showed the jewels to their best advantage. 明亮的灯光将那些珠宝衬托得格外好看。

a ghost.:一个鬼。
a spy:间谍
a black person.:一个黑人。
frighten; unnerve:吓唬;不安
(especially of an animal) take fright suddenly:（尤其是动物的）突然害怕
spook |spuːk| Noun/Verb/:惊吓,吓坏了
a CIA spook:中央情报局吓坏了
they spooked a couple of grizzly bears:他们吓坏了几只灰熊
he'll spook if we make any noise:如果我们发出任何声音他会吓到的

n. [U] 严重，严重性:
severity |[sɪˈverəti]
A prison sentence should match the severity of the crime. 刑期长短要和罪行轻重一致。
The sentence passed today reflects the severity of the crime. 今天通过的判决表明罪行十分严重。
The chances of a full recovery will depend on the severity of her injuries. 能否彻底康复取决于她受伤的严重程度。
The medicine can reduce the severity of symptoms. 这种药能减轻症状。
the severity of the problem 问题的严重性 
He frowned with mock severity. 他沉下脸来，装出一副严厉的样子。
She wagged her finger with mock severity. 她故作严厉地摆了摆手指。
The elaborate facade contrasts strongly with the severity of the interior. 精致的门面同室内的简朴形成强烈反差。           

n. [sing.] ~ of sth 大量的某事物，或供应的大量的某事物:
n. 1 [C] 为某一用途所专门储蓄的或拿出来用的一笔钱，如基金、专款:
2 [pl.] funds指可供花费的金钱，尤指为某一特定目的给予的资金、现款:
vt. 为某事（通常指官方事项）提供资金:
fund |[fʌnd]
a fund of knowledge 丰富的知识 
He is possessed of an extraordinary fund of energy. 他的精力异常充沛。
a disaster relief fund 赈灾专款 
the company's pension fund 公司的养恤基金 
the International Monetary Fund 国际货币基金组织 
a scholarship fund for undergraduate engineering students 提供给工程学本科生的奖学金基金 
appeal fund（英）募款基金 
charitable, charity fund 慈善基金 
disaster, relief fund 救灾基金；救济基金 
emergency, reserve fund 应急基金；储备金 
hardship fund（英）困难（救助）基金 
benevolent（尤英）, campaign, compensation, insurance, investment, memorial, prize, social, trust fund 慈善基金；竞选基金；赔偿基金；保险基金；投资基金；纪念基金；奖励基金；社会基金；信托基金 
a benevolent fund for retired actors 为退休演员设立的慈善基金 
retirement fund 退休基金 
equity, hedge, mutural fund 股票基金；对冲基金；共同基金 
offshore fund 海外基金 
They set up an investment fund to provide money for their retirement. 他们设立了一个投资基金为退休生活提供资金。
They don't want to draw on the fund unless they have to. 除非不得已，否则他们不想动用基金。
The fund was invested in a range of state bonds. 该基金投资于一系列国有债券。
fund holder, fund investor, fund manager, fund provider, fund trustee 基金持有人；基金投资人；基金经理；基金提供者；基金受托人 
fund account, fund management 基金账户；基金管理 
fund performance 基金业绩 
fund value 基金价值 
government funds, state funds, school funds, church funds 政府资金；国有资金；学校资金；教会资金 
private funds, public funds 私人资金；公共资金 
The hospital is trying to raise funds for a new kidney machine. 这家医院正设法募集资金购买一台新的血液透析器。
The concert will raise funds for research into Aids. 这场音乐会将为艾滋病研究筹款。
The project has been cancelled because of lack of funds. 这个项目因缺乏资金已经撤销。
I'm short of funds at the moment─can I pay you back next week? 我目前缺钱，下周还你行吗？
There are only limited funds available. 可用的资金有限。
We have insufficient funds to pay for the building work. 我们没有足够的资金支付建筑工程。
The school is appealing for funds to invest in new equipment. 这所学校正在为购买新设备呼吁捐款。
Funds will be made available to ensure the provision of hospital services. 将提供资金以确保医院服务正常。
to withhold funds 扣押资金 
to deposit, to withdraw funds 存入资金；撤回资金 
The government is to channel more funds into local projects. 政府将调拨更多资金用于地方工程。
The funds are earmarked for the health sector. 这些资金是指拨给卫生部门的。
Funds from the event will support the work of the hospice. 此次活动募集的款项将用于资助临终关怀医院的工作。
The current account offers savers instant access to funds. 活期账户使存款人可以随时取钱。
the flow of funds between various economic sectors 各个经济部门之间的资金流动 
The project was hampered by lack of funds. 该工程因资金短缺而受阻。
a dance festival funded by the Arts Council 由艺术委员会资助的舞蹈节 
The museum is privately funded. 这家博物馆由私人提供资金。
a government-funded programme 政府资助项目 
The Bush Foundation has funded a variety of faculty development programs. 布什基金会已经资助了许多教员发展项目。
The airport is being privately funded by a construction group. 该机场是由一个建筑集团私人出资兴建的。
The venture is funded entirely by its board of directors. 这家企业的资金全部由董事会提供。
fully funded day care for our children 资金充足的日间托儿所 
The GDPC is not directly funded by the taxpayer. GDPC的资金不是直接由纳税人提供的。
a plan jointly funded by central and local government 有中央和地方政府共同出资的一项计划 
This money will help to fund administration costs. 这笔钱将用于行政支出。

to an undesirably great or intense degree:达到不希望的大或强烈程度
strictly or harshly:严格或严厉
in a formal and unsmiling way:以正式和不苟言笑的方式
in a very plain style:以非常朴素的方式
severely |sɪˈvɪəli| Adverb/:严重,严厉
our business has been severely affected by the slowdown:我们的业务受到经济放缓的严重影响
the culprits will be severely punished:肇事者将受到严惩
'This is a very dangerous matter,' I said severely:“这是一件非常危险的事情，”我严厉地说
her hair was severely pulled back into a bun:她的头发被严重拉回发髻

adj. 常用于名词前，不相关的:
vt.＆vi. separate (sth) (from/and sth)（事物自己）划分成不同的部分或组；将某事物划分成不同的部分或组:
vt.＆vi. separate sb/sth (from/and sb/sth) 分离，分散；使一些人或事物分离或分散:
vt. 1 separate sb (from/and sb) 处于两个人、区域、国家等之间而使各方不接触或不联系，即隔开，阻隔:
2 separate sb/sth (from sb/sth) 使某人或某事物在某方面不同于另外的某人或某事物，即区别，区分，相当于divide:
adj. separate (from sth/sb) 自己形成一个独立单元的，不与其他事物联结的，即单独的，独立的，分开的:
vi. separate (from sb)（与配偶或情侣）分居:
adj. 常用于名词前，不同的。强调没有关联性:
vt. separate sb/sth (from sb/sth) 使…产生分歧，相当于divide。不如divide常用:
separate |['sepəreɪt]
For the past three years they have been leading totally separate lives. 三年来，他们完全是各过各的生活。
Stir the sauce constantly so that it does not separate. 不停地搅动沙司，免得出现分层。
It is impossible to separate belief from emotion. 信仰和感情是分不开的。
Separate the eggs (= separate the yolk from the white). 把蛋黄和蛋清分开。
Make a list of points and separate them into ‘desirable’ and ‘essential’. 列出各点，把它们分成“可取的”和“绝对必要的”两类。
We separated into several different search parties. 我们分成几个搜索小组。
South America separated from Africa 200 million years ago. 2亿年前南美洲和非洲分离。
Police tried to separate the two men who were fighting. 警察力图把两个打架的人分开。
The war separated many families. 这场战争使许多家庭离散。
Those suffering from infectious diseases were separated from the other patients. 传染病患者同其他病人隔离开来。
A thousand kilometres separates the two cities. 两座城市相隔一千公里。
A high wall separated our back yard from the playing field. 我们的后院和运动场之间隔着一堵高墙。
The judges found it impossible to separate the two contestants. 裁判无法把两位参赛者分出高下。
Only four points separate the top three teams. 领先的三队之间只相差四分。
separate bedrooms 独立卧室 
The school is housed in two separate buildings. 学校设在两栋独立的楼房内。
Raw meat must be kept separate from cooked meat. 生肉和熟肉必须分开存放。
The waste water is kept entirely separate from the rainwater. 废水与雨水保持完全分开。
The two groups are essentially separate and independent. 这两个团体本质上是各自独立的。
I kept my two lives very separate. 我把我的两种生活分得很清楚。
to merge the two previously separate businesses 将两个先前彼此独立的企业合并 
They decided to go their separate ways after being together for five years. 在一起五年之后，他们决定分手。
He separated from his wife after 20 years of marriage. 他和妻子在结婚20年后分居了。
Slave parents were forcibly separated from their children. 身为奴隶的父母被迫与自己的孩子分离。
It happened on three separate occasions. 这事在三个不同的场合发生过。
a lifestyle which is quite separate from that of her parents 她迥异于父母的生活方式
Politics is the only thing that separates us. 我们之间唯一的分歧是政治观点。

n. [C] [英] 在一些国家中，ministry指在国家最高权力机关内部，负责管理国家各项具体事务的“部委”（表此义时，美国用“department”；英国有些部用“ministry”，有些则用“office”，而英国财政部则用“HM Treasury”，全称“Her Majesty’s Treasury”，即“女王陛下财政部”，通称“The Treasury”）:
n. 1 [C] the Ministry为单数名词，指宗教（尤指基督教的新教）的全体牧师:
2 [C] 常用单数，指教堂中一个牧师的工作或职责，或牧师的任期:
ministry |['mɪnɪstrɪ]['mɪnɪstrɪ]
government ministry 政府的部 
Defence, Education, Foreign, Health, etc. Ministry 国防部；教育部；外交部；卫生部等 
the Ministry of Culture 文化部 
a department at the ministry, a department in the ministry 部的一个司
church ministry 教会牧职位 
Christian ministry 基督教牧师 

n. [U] 一个人、动物或群体的通常意义上的健康、幸福与安全，与well-being近义:
n. 1 [U] 常指由政府提供给需要帮助的人或动物的实际帮助或金钱帮助，即福利:
2 [U] 政府定期向穷人、失业人员、患病者等所发放的社会保障金，此义项尤用于美式英语:
welfare |['welfeə]
child, community, family, human welfare 儿童福祉；社区福祉；家庭幸福；人类福祉 
general welfare 大众福祉 
the welfare of all citizens 全体公民的福祉
state welfare 国家福利 
social welfare 社会福利 
welfare agency, welfare system 福利机构；福利制度 
welfare worker 福利工作者 
welfare benefits, welfare payments 福利；福利金 
welfare budget, welfare spending 福利预算；福利支出 
welfare policy 福利政策 
welfare recipient 领取福利者 
welfare dependency 对福利的依赖 
on welfare（尤美）依靠福利 
to live on welfare 靠社会保障金生活

vt. 使某人惊讶得不能清晰思考或说话:
vt. 给某人留下非常深刻的印象:
vt.（尤指通过击打或撞击头部）使人或动物短时间昏迷:
stun |[stʌn]
Many cinema-goers were stunned by the film's violent and tragic end. 许多来看电影的人都被这部影片暴力而悲惨的结局所震惊。
The guests were stunned into silence. 客人们惊愕万分，一片哑然。
The assault was so unexpected that he was briefly stunned into submission. 袭击来得非常突然，他一时间惊得毫无反抗能力。
They were stunned by the view from the summit. 在峰顶看到的景色使他们惊叹不已。
Sam stood his ground and got a blow that stunned him. 萨姆站在原地，被一下打昏了。
The fall stunned me for a moment. 那一下摔得我昏迷了片刻。
The animals are stunned before slaughter. 屠宰前要先把动物击昏。

n. [C] 从成功状态向失败状态的转变，如倒退。（通常涉及金钱损失的）失败、挫折:
n. [C, U]（决定、法律等的）撤销:
n. [C, U]（两人或更多人之间的职位或功能的）转换:
n. [C, U] ~ (of sth)（过程、政策或趋势的）颠覆性的改变，如彻底转变、逆转、反转:
reversal |[rɪˈvɜ:sl;美rɪˈvɜ:rsl]
the team's recent reversal 球队最近的失败 
The company's financial problems were only a temporary reversal. 公司的金融问题只是暂时的挫折。
They teach managers to accept reversals as a fact of business life. 他们教给管理人员要将挫折视为生意上的平常事。
a reversal of fortunes 遭逢厄运 
Cheaper imports played a part in the company's reversal of fortunes. 更为廉价的进口商品使公司形势恶化。
the reversal of a decision 决定的撤销
It's a complete role reversal/reversal of roles (= for example when a husband cares for the house and children while the wife works). 这是一种彻底的角色转换。
When children end up taking care of their parents, it is a strange role reversal indeed. 当孩子们最终要照顾父母时，这的确是一种奇妙的角色互换。
Role reversal is a common feature of modern relationships. 角色转换是现代婚姻关系的一个普遍特征。
a dramatic reversal of policy 政策的剧烈转变 
The government suffered a total reversal of fortune(s) last week. 上星期，政府的命运发生逆转。
The Financial Times says the move represents a complete reversal of previous US policy.《金融时报》说此举一反美国以往的政策。
the dramatic reversal in population decline 人口下降趋势的突然转变 
a reversal of current trends 目前趋势的转变 
This marked a 7% increase on the previous year and the reversal of a steady five-year downward trend. 这标志着在前一年基础上有了7％的增长，扭转了五年来持续下降的趋势。

vi. ~ (from sth)（从困境或不好的经历中）幸存下来:
vi. ~ (from sth)（从困境或不好的经历中）摆脱出来:
vi. ~ (from sth) 从黑暗处或隐蔽处出现:
vt.&vi.（事实、结果、想法等）出现、暴露、被知晓:
vi. ~ (as sth) 开始存在；出现或被知晓:
emerge |[iˈmɜ:dʒ;美iˈmɜ:rdʒ]
She emerged from the scandal with her reputation intact. 丑闻过后，她安然无恙，名声丝毫未受影响。           
their plans to emerge from bankruptcy by February of next year 他们计划于明年2月之前摆脱破产困境 
There is growing evidence that the economy is at last emerging from recession. 有越来越多的证据表明经济终于开始摆脱萧条。
The world is only slowly emerging from recession. 世界正在从经济衰退中走出来。          
The swimmer emerged from the lake. 游泳者从湖水中浮出来。
She finally emerged from her room at noon. 中午，她终于从屋里出来了。
Richard was waiting outside the door as she emerged. 她出现的时候，理查德正在门外等着。
The postman emerged from his van soaked to the skin. 邮递员从他的厢式货车中出来，浑身湿透了。
We emerged into bright sunlight. 我们来到明媚的阳光下。
The plant had fully emerged from the soil. 植物已从土壤里完全长出。
It emerged that the company was going to be sold. 事已清楚，这家公司准备售出。
Several facts started to emerge from my investigation. 我的调查使若干事实开始明朗。
No new evidence emerged during the investigation. 调查过程中未发现新证据。
One thing emerges very clearly from this study. 这项研究中有一点十分清楚地显现出来。
The answer to the problem quickly emerged. 问题的答案很快出现了。
It subsequently emerged that he had known about the deal all along. 随后的情况显示他一直都知道这件事。
the growing corruption that has emerged in the past few years 过去几年暴露出来的越来越多的腐败现象 
Problems with this drug are now beginning to emerge. 这种药物的问题开始暴露出来。
It soon emerged that neither the July nor August mortgage repayment had been collected. 很快就发现，原来7月和8月的抵押还款都没有偿还。
What eventually emerged from the election disaster was a realization that it was time for change. 这次选举失败最终表明了变革已成当务之急。
After the elections opposition groups began to emerge. 经过选举，反对派开始露头。
He emerged as a major figure in the reform movement. 他逐渐成为改革运动的重要人物。
Vietnam has emerged as the world's third-biggest rice exporter. 越南已跃居世界第三大稻米出口国。
the emerging markets of South Asia 正在兴起的南亚市场 
the new republic that emerged in October 1917 1917年10月成立的新共和国 
a loose alliance of developed and emerging countries 发达国家和新兴国家之间的松散联盟 
The Pacific region has rapidly emerged as a leading force on the world stage. 太平洋地区迅速崛起，成为世界舞台上的一支主要力量。
newly emerged/emerging newly emerging areas of science 新兴的科学领域 
the musical forms that emerged out of the American black experience 来源于美国黑人经历的音乐形式

vt. 1 attract sb (to sb/sth) 对某人或某事物感兴趣，爱慕某人:
2 attract sb/sth (to sth) 使某人或某事物来到某地或使其参加或加入…:
vt. 使人们产生某种反应（reaction）:
vt. 物理学中可指磁力或重力吸引某事物，与repel相反:
attract |[ə'trækt]
I had always been attracted by the idea of working abroad. 我总是向往去国外工作。
What first attracted me to her was her sense of humour. 她首先吸引我的是她的幽默感。
The warm damp air attracts a lot of mosquitoes. 温暖潮湿的空气招来了大量蚊子。
The exhibition has attracted thousands of visitors. 展览吸引了成千上万的参观者。
to attract interest, to attract criticism, to attract attention 引起兴趣；招致批评；引起注意
Anything with strong gravity attracts other things to it. 任何有较强重力的物体都会对其他物体产生引力。

be mistaken or incorrect; make a mistake:错误或不正确；犯了一个错误
fail to adhere to the proper or accepted standards; do wrong:未能遵守适当或公认的标准；做错了
err |əː| Verb/:呃,犯错,错误
the judge had erred in ruling that the evidence was inadmissible:法官错误地裁定证据不可采信
he has erred and strayed as many of us have:他像我们许多人一样犯了错误和迷路
