instructor								教师，教练
coast									海岸，滑行
seek out								找出
client									委托人，客户
prepare									准备
go against								违背
plunge									纵身一跳，下沉，参与，投入
palm									手掌
balmy									温暖惬意的
expatriate								移居国外的
organize								安排
contest									比赛，辩驳
odd										奇怪的，不成对的，零散的
ten-odd									十多
Riyue Bay								日月湾
academy									研究院
committee								委员会
set up									建立
eager									热切的，渴望的
destination								目的地
approval								赞同，批准
variety									多样化，种类
dedicate								献出
swell									肿胀，增长，充满
tournament								锦标赛
\\\\\\\\

n. 1 [C] 以传授实用技能或体育技能为职业的一个人，即教练:
2 [C] [美] 大学的讲师:
instructor |[ɪnˈstrʌktə(r)]
driving, fitness, flight（尤美）, flying（英）, parachute, riding, ski, swimming, yoga, karate instructor 驾驶教练；健身教练；飞行教练；骑术教练；滑雪教练；游泳教练；瑜伽教练；空手道教练 

vi. coast (through/to sth) 不费力地取得成功:
n. [C, U] 海洋旁边或附近的土地，即海岸；海滨。该词指一国与海洋相接的边缘，包括高于海面而与大陆自然相联的海岛和礁石，但不包括永久位于海面之下的暗礁（而shore则可用以指内水的岸边）:
vi. 靠近海岸做沿海岸的航行:
vi. 交通工具（如飞机）不用多少动力而快速平稳地移动:
vi.（汽车或自行车）移动（尤指不用任何动力而向山坡下滑行，可叫做惯性滑行）:
vi. [贬] coast (along)（做某事）不出多少力:
coast |[kəʊst]
He coasted through his final exams. 他轻松通过了期末考试。
a village on the coast 沿岸的一个村庄 
a pretty stretch of coast 一段美丽的海岸线 
rocky coast 多岩石的海岸 
east coast 东海岸 
Atlantic coast 大西洋海岸 
mainland coast 大陆海岸 
We spent a day at the coast. 我们在海边度过了一天。
The plane coasted down the runway. 飞机顺着跑道平稳滑行。
He pushed in the clutch and coasted to a halt. 他踩下离合器，滑行了一会儿便停下来了。
She took her feet off the pedals and coasted downhill. 她把脚从自行车的踏板上松开，沿山坡滑行而下。
You’re just coasting--it’s time to work hard now. 你根本是在应付——现在该努力干了。

n. [C] [计算机]（连接在服务器上的）客户机:
n. [C]（提供咨询或服务的专业人士或专业机构的）客户，在具体语境下也可翻译为委托人、当事人，但词义核心不变，即专业服务的享受者:
client |[ˈklaɪənt]
a solicitor and his client 律师和他的委托人 
a lawyer with many famous clients 拥有许多著名委托人的律师 
Social workers must always consider the best interests of their clients. 社会工作者必须时刻考虑其当事人的最佳利益。
The company required clients to pay substantial fees in advance. 公司要求客户预付一大笔费用。
The company needs to focus on its biggest clients. 公司需要把注意力集中在最大的那些客户身上。
business, corporate client 生意上的客户；公司客户 
celebrity client 名人客户 
A new branch has been opened to serve clients in Dallas. 服务于达拉斯客户的新分公司已开张营业。
She's so busy that she's not taking on any new clients. 她太忙了，不接新客户。
a campaign to attract new clients 吸引新客户的活动 
On behalf of my client, I would like to remind you of your obligations in this matter. 我谨代表我的当事人提醒你注意在此事中你应尽的义务。

vt. prepare sth/sb (for sb/sth) 使某事物或某人准备好（被使用或去做某事）:
vt.＆vi. prepare (yourself) (for sth) 让自己准备好去做某事，或对于自己认为将要发生的事有所准备:
vt. 预备饭菜（以供食用），做饭。较常用:
vt. prepare sth (from sth) 制作一种药物或化学物质（例如通过将不同的物质混合在一起），可称为调制，配制等:
vt. prepare sth (from sth) 制作一种药物（例如通过将不同的物质混合在一起），可称为调制，配制等:
prepare |[prɪ'peə]
to prepare a report 拟定一份报告 
The college prepares students for a career in business. 这个学院是培养商务人才的。
The lectures were carefully prepared. 这些讲座是精心准备的。
I had no time to prepare. 我当时没时间准备。
to prepare for the exams 备考 
I was preparing to leave. 我正准备离开。
to prepare for the worst 做好最坏的准备
He was in the kitchen preparing lunch. 他在厨房做午饭。
a meal that is very quick and easy to prepare 准备起来方便快捷的一餐
remedies prepared from herbal extracts 用草药提取成分配制的药物
remedies prepared from herbal extracts 用草药提取成分配制的药物

vi.（价格、温度等）突然快速地下跌:
n. [usually sing.] ~ (in sth)（数量、价值）突然降低，即骤减:
vt.&vi. 将某物体快速或暴力地推进某事物:
vt.&vi.（使）突然开始从事一项活动，如投身、参与:
n. [usually sing.] ~ into sth 卷入一种情况、参与一个活动:
vi.（道路、表面等）陡峭地向下倾斜:
vi. 突然且剧烈地上下移动，即颠簸、震荡:
vt.&vi.（使）某人或某事物突然向前下方冲（或单独向下冲）:
n. [usually sing.] 突然向下跌落；突然与某事物分离:
vi. 突然且剧烈地上下移动，即颠簸、震荡:
n. [usually sing.] 跳水:
n. [usually sing.] 快速游泳:
vt.&vi.（使）突然陷入一种状态或情况:
n. [usually sing.] 突然陷入一种状态或情况:
plunge |[plʌndʒ]
Stock markets plunged at the news of the coup. 政变的消息一传来，股票市场便暴跌。
His weight began to plunge. 他的体重开始锐减。
The Pound plunged to a new low on the foreign exchange markets yesterday. 昨天在外汇市场上英镑骤跌至新低。
a dramatic plunge in profits 利润锐减
A soldier plunged a bayonet into his body. 一名士兵将刺刀插进了他的身体。
She plunged her face into a bowl of cold water. 她把脸扎进一盆凉水里。
The two men plunged into discussion. 两位男士立即投入到讨论中。
The prince should be plunged into work. 王子应该积极参与工作。
City officials are plunging ahead with plans for a new convention center. 城市官员正纷纷投身于关于新会议中心的计划中。
The company is planning a deeper plunge into the commercial market. 这家公司正计划进一步投入商业市场。
The track plunged down into the valley. 小路陡然而下，直插山谷。
The horse plunged and reared. 马猛然跃起，用后腿直立。
His heart plunged (= because of a strong emotion).（比喻用法）他的心怦怦乱跳。
The car had plunged off the road. 汽车突然从公路上冲下来。
The car plunged headlong into the river. 汽车一头冲进河里。
At least 50 people died when a bus plunged into a river. 一辆公共汽车栽进河里，造成至少50人丧生。
The bus came off the road and plunged down an embankment. 公交车驶离了公路，冲下路堤。
He ran down the steps to the pool terrace and plunged in. 他跑下台阶来到泳池露台，纵身跳进池里。
The pool was declared open and eager swimmers plunged in. 游泳池一宣布开放，迫不及待的游泳者便跳入水中。
She lost her balance and plunged 100 feet to her death. 她没有站稳，从100英尺的高处跌下摔死了。
A climber plunged 300 feet to his death. 一名登山者从300英尺的高处跌下来摔死了。
He plunged from a tenth floor window. 他从十楼的窗户跳下。
The earthquake plunged entire towns over the edge of the cliffs. 地震将整座整座的城镇掀到悬崖之下。
She plunged straight into her story.（比喻用法）她径直讲起自己的故事来。
The calm water ends there and the river begins a headlong plunge. 平静的河水突然中断，开始奔腾直泻而下。
The river takes a headlong plunge into a maelstrom of rocks and boulders. 河流径直流进一个岩石巨砾的大旋涡。
a plunge to the ground 跌落到地面 
How did he survive his icy plunge? 突然落入冰冷的水中，他是如何活下来的？
His heart plunged (= because of a strong emotion). 他的心怦怦乱跳。
He took the plunge into the deep end. 他跳入深水区。
Bathers would go straight from the hot room to take a cold plunge. 游泳者从闷热的房间里走出来就直接跳进冷水。
She prepared to take the plunge into the cold waters of Lake Ontario. 她做好准备跳入安大略湖冰冷的水中。
She went for a plunge. 她去游泳了。
The government's political and economic reforms threaten to plunge the country into chaos. 政府的政治和经济改革可能会使国家陷入混乱局面。
A rise in interest rates plunged Britain deeper into recession. 利率上升让英国陷入更深层次的衰退。
8,000 homes were plunged into darkness as electricity cables crashed down. 由于电缆损毁，8,000户家庭顿时落入一片黑暗之中。
the economy's downward plunge 经济的大幅下滑 
his headlong plunge into shame and hypocrisy 他的突然深陷于耻辱和虚伪之境地 
He finally took the plunge and gave in his notice.（比喻用法）他终于毅然决然地递交了辞呈。

vt. 把硬币、纸牌等藏在手中（尤指玩戏法）:
n. [C]（也可用palm tree）棕榈树:
n. [C]（手腕和手指之间的）手掌、掌心:
palm |[pɑ:m]
coconut, date, oil palm 椰子树；枣椰树；油棕树 
fan palm 蒲葵 
potted palm 盆栽棕榈 
palm tree 棕榈树 
palm branch, palm frond, palm kernel, palm leaf 棕榈枝；棕桐仁；棕桐叶 
palm grove 棕榈树丛 
palm fruit, palm oil 棕榈果；棕榈油 
palm wine 棕榈酒
He held the bird gently in the palm of his hand. 他把小鸟轻轻地托在掌心。
sweaty palm 汗津津的手掌 
soft palm 柔软的半掌 
warm palm 温暖的手掌 
flat, open palm 张开的手掌；摊开的手心 
upturned palm 朝上的手掌 
outstretched palm 张开的手掌 
He held up a palm for silence. 他举起手掌示意安静。
He spread his palms in a gesture of openness. 他展开手掌，以示坦诚。
He cupped his empty palms together. 他捧起空空的双手。
He went over to the wall and placed his palm on it. 他走到墙边，用手掌撑墙。
I pressed my palm to the wound to stop the bleeding. 我将手掌压在伤口上止血。
She slapped her palm against the desk in anger. 她生气地用手拍击桌子。
Dornberg slapped the table with the palm of his hand. 多恩伯格用手拍着桌子。
He rubbed his palms against his jeans. 他在牛仔裤上擦了擦手掌。
He ran his palm up and down Holly's shoulder. 他把手放在霍利的肩膀上来回摸。
She read people's palms and told fortunes. 她给人看手相算命。
Hold out your arms with your palms facing down. 伸出双臂，手心向下。
His right palm was resting against my neck. 他把右手放在我的脖子上。
palm reader, palm reading 看手相者；看手相 
palm print 手掌印 
The metal felt hot against my palms. 我感觉掌心的金属很热。
He took her hand between his palms and squeezed it. 他双手紧紧握住她的手捏了一捏。
He showed me the coins in his palm. 他给我看他手心里的硬币。

adj. [褒]（空气、天气等）温暖宜人的。相当于mild:
balmy |[ˈbɑ:mi]
a balmy summer evening 清爽宜人的夏夜

a person who lives outside their native country:居住在本国以外的人
an exile.:流放者。
denoting or relating to a person living outside their native country:表示或与居住在其祖国以外的人有关
expelled from one's native country.:被驱逐出自己的祖国。
send (a person or money) abroad:寄（一个人或钱）到国外
expatriate |ɪksˈpatrɪət| Adjective/Noun/Verb/:    外籍人士, 侨民
American expatriates in London:伦敦的美国侨民
expatriate workers:外籍工人
we expatriated the prisoners of war immediately after the end of the war:我们在战争结束后立即将战俘驱逐出境

vt. 1 安排（使某事发生）或备办（使…可以供使用）。是一个常规用词:
2 将某事物（或某事物的一些部分）按照一定的秩序或结构来安排:
3 organize yourself/sb 有效率地规划你的工作或活动:
vt.＆vi. 使人们形成一个有共同目标的群体（尤指形成一个联盟或政党）:
organize |['ɔ:ɡənaɪz]（英也用organise）
to organize a meeting, to organize a party, to organize a trip 组织筹备会议；组织聚会；筹备旅行 
to organize food and drinks 备办饮食 
to organizing an evening 举办晚会 
Modern computers can organize large amounts of data very quickly. 现代计算机能迅速处理大量的数据。
to organize your time 分配你的时间 
We do not fully understand how the brain is organized. 我们不完全了解大脑是怎样构成的。
I’m sure you don’t need me to organize you. 我相信你用不着我为你安排。
to organize the work according to my time 根据我的时间来安排工作 
the right of workers to organize themselves into unions 工人自行组织工会的权利 
to organize the men into teams 把这些人组织成团队

vt. 争取赢得比赛:
vt. 争夺权力等:
n. 1 [C] 比赛、竞赛:
2 [C] ~ (for sth) 对控制权或权力的争夺；选举:
3 [C] 竞争:
vt. 正式反对一个决定或陈述，如争辩、提出异议:
n. [C] 选举:
vt. 正式反对一个决定或陈述，如争辩、提出异议:
contest |[kənˈtest][ˈkɒntest;美ˈkɑ:n-]
a fiercely contested game 竞争十分激烈的比赛 
a closely contested regional flower show 各方争奇斗艳、难分高下的地区花卉展 
Three candidates contested the leadership. 有三位候选人角逐领导权。
He quickly won his party's nomination to contest the elections. 他很快获得了本党提名,角逐大选。
The election was bitterly contested. 选举竞争激烈。
beauty, song, talent, popularity, writing contest 选美比赛；歌咏比赛；才艺比赛；人气比拼；写作比赛 
athletic（尤美）, sporting（尤英）, sports（尤美） contest 田径比赛；体育竞赛 
global, international, local, national, regional contest 全球赛事；国际赛事；地方赛事；全国赛事；地区赛事 
to enter a contest, to win a contest, to lose a contest 参加比赛；赢得比赛；比赛失败 
a contest of strength 实力的较量 
We have three major beauty contests a year. 我们每年举办三次大型的选美比赛。
The contest was too one-sided to be exciting. 这场比赛太一边倒，没什么意思。
This contest is wide open: any of half a dozen teams could win it. 这场比赛胜负难料，其中六个队都有机会获胜。
The contestants are eliminated one by one until the last two compete in a head-to-head contest. 参赛选手一个一个被淘汰，最后只剩下两名选手一对一较量。
Few contests in the recent history of British boxing have been as thrilling. 英国近年的拳击比赛中很少有如此激动人心的。
Jackson has injured his knee and is now out of the contest. 杰克逊膝盖受伤，现已退出比赛。
the contest between these two great boxers 这两名伟大的拳击手之间的比赛 
The New Zealanders are looking forward to future contests with South Africa. 新西兰人盼望着将来同南非进行更多比赛。
a contest for the leadership of the party 争夺政党的领导权 
a clear contest between church and state 教会与政府之间明显的争斗 
A third candidate has entered the contest for the Republican nomination. 第三位候选人加入了角逐共和党提名的行列。
In the animal kingdom intruders usually lose contests over territories. 在动物王国里，入侵者通常在领地争夺中被击败。
The other bidders for the contract complained that it had not been a fair contest. 其他竞标人抱怨该合同的竞标不公平。
Gender discrimination is a hotly contested issue. 性别歧视是一个争论激烈的话题。
His views on evolution are strongly contested by other scientists. 他的进化论观点遭到其他科学家的强烈质疑。
Defence lawyers successfully contested the case. 被告律师对此案进行了成功的辩护。
to contest a will 对遗嘱提出质疑 
The divorce was not contested. 这桩离婚案没有人提出异议。
Your former employer has to reply within 14 days in order to contest the case. 你的前任雇主若对本案存有异议，必须在14天内予以答复。
election/electoral, gubernatorial（美）, leadership（尤英）, political, presidential contest 竞选；州长竞选；领导层竞选；政治选举；总统竞选
Defence lawyers successfully contested the case. 被告律师对此案进行了成功的辩护。

adj. [常用于名词前]（无比较级和最高级）不成对的、不成套的、不匹配的:
adj. the odd [只用于名词前]（无比较级和最高级）偶然发生或出现的；不是很规律或不是很频繁的:
adj.（无比较级或最高级；通常紧接在数字后面）略多于某个数字:
adj. 1 奇怪的、怪异的、反常的:
2 odd-用于构成复合词，指（在某方面）怪异的、奇怪的:
3 the ~ man/one out（在一个群体中）与其他不同（或合不来）的人（或物）、异类:
adj. [只用于名词前] 可得到的、（对某人来说）可用的。相当于spare:
adj. [只用于名词前]（无比较级和最高级）没有特定类型或尺寸的、各种各样的:
adj.（无比较级和最高级）（数字）奇数的、单数的（即不能被2整除的）:
adj. [只用于名词前] 因某事物不重要而不提及其类型、尺寸或品质，如少量的、不重要的:
adj.（无比较级或最高级；通常紧接在数字后面）大约；略多于某个数字:
odd |[ɒd;美ɑ:d]
You're wearing odd socks! 你穿的袜子不成双呀！
He makes the odd mistake─nothing too serious. 他偶尔会犯错误，但不怎么严重。
How old is she─seventy odd? 她多大年纪？七十出头？
He's worked there for twenty-odd years. 他在那里工作了二十多年。
He has now appeared in sixty odd films. 他迄今演过60多部影片。
They're very odd people. 他们那些人都很古怪。
I find it odd that she takes so long to do that job. 她花那么长时间做那件事，我觉得很奇怪。
I didn't think it odd at the time. 当时我没觉得有什么异常。
There's something distinctly odd about her. 她明显有些古怪。
How odd that he should come from the same town as me. 真奇怪，他居然和我是同乡。
It's odd to think I will never see her again. 想到再也见不到她了，我觉得怪怪的。
There's something odd going on. 正在发生一些莫名其妙的事。
It's most odd that (= very odd that) she hasn't written. 真怪了，她一直没写信。
The odd thing was that he didn't recognize me. 怪就怪在他没认出我来。
She had the oddest feeling that he was avoiding her. 她有一种异样的感觉——他在躲着她。
He'd always been odd, but not to this extent. 他一直比较怪异，不过并没有到这种程度。
What an odd coincidence that he should have known your family. 他居然认识你的家人，真是太巧了。
an odd-looking house 样子怪异的房子 
an odd-sounding name 听起来奇怪的名字 
At school he was always the odd man out. 在学校里他总是与别人格格不入。
Dog, cat, horse, shoe─which is the odd one out? 狗、猫、马、鞋——哪一个不属同类？
Azerbaijan has been the odd man out, the one republic not to hold democratic elections. 阿塞拜疆没有举行民主选举，是这些共和国中的异类。
Mark and Rick were the odd ones out in claiming to like this cherry beer. 只剩下马克和里克声称喜欢喝这种樱桃啤酒。
Could I see you when you've got an odd moment? 你有空时，我能不能见见你？
decorations made of odd scraps of paper 用各种各样的纸片做的装饰
1, 3, 5 and 7 are odd numbers. 1、3、5和7是奇数。
The odd numbers are on the left as you walk up the street. 沿这条街走，在左边的是单号。
There's an odd number of candidates. 候选人总数为单数。
She moved from place to place where she could find the odd bit of work. 她为了找到点儿零散活计不断地搬来搬去。
He had various odd cleaning jobs around the place. 他在这附近干过各种零碎的保洁工作。
How old is she─seventy odd? 她多大年纪？七十出头？
He's worked there for twenty-odd years. 他在那里工作了二十多年。
How many pages was it, 500 odd? 这有多少页，500来页？
He has now appeared in sixty odd films. 他迄今演过60多部影片。


ten-odd | 十多,十几个

n. [C] 某一领域中（如文学、艺术、科学等）的一个官方组织，其旨在促进该行业的发展，即协会，学会等，常用于名称中:
n. 1 [C] 进行特殊训练的学校或学院，即专科学院:
2 [C] 苏格兰的中学:
3 [C] 美国的私立学校（尤指私立中学）:
academy |[ə'kædəmɪ]
the American Academy of Psychotherapists 美国心理治疗师学会 
the Royal Academy of Music 皇家音乐学院 
military, police academy 军校；警校 
training academy 职业学院 
the Seattle Academy for Arts and Sciences 西雅图文理学院

n. [C] 被选出来（通常由一个更大的组织所选出来）的负责做出决策或处理某一事务的一群人，即委员会。政治领域较常见:
committee |[kə'mɪtɪ]
a committee meeting 委员会的会议 
central committee 中央委员会 
standing committee 常务委员会 
ad hoc, special committee 临时委员会；特别委员会 
senate committee 参议院委员会 
executive, management, steering committee 执行委员会；管理委员会；指导委员会 
advisory, consultative committee 顾问委员会；咨询委员会 
disciplinary, investigating, planning committee 纪律委员会；调查委员会；计划委员会 
finance committee 财务委员会 
a committee on the safety of medicines 医药安全委员会 
a committee of experts 专家委员会

adj. eager (for sth/to do sth)对将要发生的某事（或你想要去做的事）非常感兴趣，并受其刺激而兴奋，即热切的，渴望的，相当于keen:
eager |['i:ɡə]
eager crowds outside the stadium 体育场外急不可耐的观众 
She is eager for her parents’ approval. 她渴望得到父母的赞许。
Everyone in the class seemed eager to learn. 班上每个人似乎都热爱学习。
They’re eager to please. 他们竭力讨好卖乖。
We were eager for news. 我们渴望得到消息。

n. [C] 旅游目的地:
n. [C] 某人所去（或被送到）的一个地点，即目的地，终点:
adj. destination hotel/store/restaurant, etc. 作为目的地的（旅馆、商店、饭店等）:
destination |[͵destɪ'neɪʃn]
The town is a popular destination for art lovers. 这个镇子是艺术爱好者喜欢去的地方。
tourist, travel destination 旅游胜地 
leisure destination（尤美）休闲胜地
intended destination 原定目的地 
a destination for art lovers 艺术爱好者喜欢去的一个地方 
tourist, travel destination 旅游胜地 
entertainment, leisure destination（均尤美）娱乐场所；休闲胜地 
the country of destination 目的地国家 
The website is an online destination where people can find out relevant information. 这个网站是一个人们可以在线找到相关信息的地方。

n. [U] 认为某人或某事物是好的、可接受的或合适的；对某人或某事物所持有的一种积极态度。即赞成:
n. [U, C] approval (for sth) (from sb) 对某事物（尤指一项计划或请求）的批准或许可:
n. [U] on approval 可表示（商品买卖中的）一段时间的免费试用（直到你最终决定买或不买）:
approval |[ə'pru:vl]
to win sb’s approval 赢得某人的赞同 
Do the plans meet with your approval? 这些计划你赞成吗？
Several people nodded in approval. 好几个人点头表示同意。
The latest poll has him at 47% approval and 49% disapproval. 最新的民意调查显示他获得47%的赞成票，49%的反对票。
The plan will be submitted to the committee for official approval. 该计划将提交委员会正式批准。
The proposal is subject to approval by the shareholders. 这项建议须得到股东的批准。
All development requires the prior approval of the planning authority. 所有的开发都必须事先得到规划当局的批准。
tacit approval 默许 
written approval 书面批准 
regulatory approval 监管机构的许可 
court, government, presidential approval 法庭的批准；政府的批准；总统的批准 
voter approval 选民的同意 
parental approval 父母的同意 
drug approval 药物审批

n. 1 [sing.] variety (of sth) 同一事物的若干不同种类:
2 [C] variety (of sth) 在同一个总群体下，（与其他种类的事物）不同的一个种类的事物（如植物、语言等的变体、变种、品种）:
n. [U]（存在的）多样化；（行为、过程的）多变性。相当于diversity:
n. [U] 美也用vaudeville，指一种综合性的剧院（或电视）娱乐节目（包括了各种各样的短小的表演，如歌唱、舞蹈、滑稽演出）:
n. [C] variety (of sth) 某种植物的变种、品种:
n. [C] variety (of sth) 某种语言的一个变体:
variety |[və'raɪətɪ]
a wide variety of patterns 种类繁多的图案 
a good variety of seafood 各式各样的海鲜菜品 
He resigned for a variety of reasons. 他由于种种原因辞职了。
This tool can be used in a variety of ways. 这一工具有多种用途。
different varieties of apple 苹果的不同品种 
different varieties of English 各类英语 
My cooking is of the ‘quick and simple’ variety. 我做饭菜属于既快捷又简单的那一类。
We all need variety in our diet. 我们都需要饮食多样化。
Dealing with customers adds variety to the job. 与顾客打交道使这份工作有了色彩。
the rich variety of the local bird life 当地丰富的鸟类品种
a variety show, a variety theatre 一档综艺节目；一个综艺剧场
grape, wheat variety 葡萄品种；小麦品种
different varieties of English 各类英语变体

devote (time or effort) to a particular task or purpose:为特定的任务或目的投入（时间或精力）
devote (something) to a particular subject:致力于（某事）特定主题
cite or nominate (a book or other artistic work) as being issued or performed in someone's honour:引用或提名（一本书或其他艺术作品）以某人的名义发行或表演
formally open or unveil (a building or monument):正式开放或揭幕（建筑物或纪念碑）
ceremonially assign (a church or other building) to a deity or saint:仪式上将（教堂或其他建筑物）分配给神灵或圣人
dedicate |ˈdɛdɪkeɪt| Verb/:    奉献
Joan has dedicated her life to animals:Joan将她的一生献给了动物
volume four is dedicated to wasps:第四卷专门介绍黄蜂
the novel is dedicated to the memory of my mother:这本小说是献给我母亲的记忆的
today the President dedicates the new Second World War memorial in Washington:今天，总统在华盛顿为新的二战纪念碑献礼
the parish church is dedicated to St Paul:教区教堂是献给圣保罗的

vi. swell (with sth) 充满着一种强烈的情感:
n. [sing.]（正式）（尤指身体部位）凸起的形状，隆起处:
vt.＆vi. swell (sth) (to sth)（数量或尺寸）增加；使（数量或尺寸）增加:
vi.（声音）变得更大:
n. 1 [sing.]（尺寸、数量、强度等的）增加，增大；增强:
2 [sing.]（乐音或噪声）逐渐增强:
n. [C, usually sing.] 海浪的涌动（但波浪并未爆发）。暗示由水体内部的能量推动而产生的水体涌动（强调一股波浪以强大的气势整体上向前推进），给人一种酝酿而不爆发的感觉。因此容易让人内心之中产生一种恐惧感。是一个比喻用法:
vt.＆vi. swell (sth) (out) 凸出，鼓出；使凸出，使鼓出:
vi. swell (up)（身体部位等）肿胀。是此义的常规用词:
vi.（声音）变得更大:
n. [sing.]（乐音）逐渐增强:
swell |[swel]
to swell with pride 满腔自豪
the firm swell of her breasts 她挺拔的乳房
to swell the ranks 壮大队伍 
The human population swelled. 人口增加了。
His bank balance has swelled by $100 000. 他的银行存款增加了10万美元。
The cheering swelled through the hall. 欢呼声越来越大，响彻大厅。
a growing swell of support 越来越多的支持 
a swell of pride 自豪感的增强 
10-foot swell 10英尺的大浪 
The Atlantic swell surged up under them. 大西洋的浪涛在他们下面滚滚涌起。
The boat rolled wildly in the heavy swell. 船在大浪中猛烈晃动。
The sails swelled in the wind. 船帆鼓满了风。
My left ankle was beginning to swell up. 我的左脚踝开始肿了起来。
His right eye had almost swollen shut. 他的右眼肿得几乎睁不开。

n. [C] 一种体育比赛（具体含义为一群运动员或队伍进行比赛，每场比赛的获胜者可以晋级到下一场，失败者则离开，直到剩下最后一名运动员或一只队伍），可以叫锦标赛:
tournament |['tʊənəmənt]
basketball tournament 篮球锦标赛 
tournament golf 高尔夫球锦标赛 
qualifying, ranking, World Cup tournament 资格赛；排名赛；世界杯比赛 
knockout, round-robin tournament（均尤英）淘汰赛；循环赛 
club, open tournament 俱乐部赛；公开赛 
invitational tournament 邀请赛 
amateur, professional tournament 业余锦标赛；职业锦标赛 
tournament winner 锦标赛获胜者 
tournament sponsor 锦标赛赞助商
