superficial						adj.外表的，粗略的，肤浅的(知识)
private					adj.私人的，秘密的，内向的，私立的
conventional				adj.传统的，墨守陈规的
wonder					n.惊奇，奇迹vi.思忖，惊奇vt.想知道，惊奇adj.惊奇
tedious						adj.单调乏味的
subordinate					adj.次要的n.下属vt.使...服从
frame						n.构架，身躯，画面vt.衬着(围住)，制定
smuggle					vt.走私，偷运
reimbursement				n.报销，赔偿
disappear					vi.消失
inhale					vt.吸入vi.吸气
majority						n.大多数
memorize					vt.记住
cumulative					adj.累积的
trap							n.夹子，圈套(比喻)，嘴，vt.(人)困住，诱骗
lofty						adj.高耸的，崇高的，高傲的
clarity					n.(声音&视觉)清楚，(想法&表达)清晰，明确性
interact					vi.相互作用，交流
refine					vt.提炼(糖)，改进，使...优雅(言行)vi.改进
confer					vt.授予，赋予vi.商量
anonymous					adj.匿名的
commentator					n.实况解说员，评论员
keen						adj.渴望的(英)，热心的(英)，强烈的(激烈的)，敏锐的
be keen on					对...着迷，喜欢
enforce					vt.强制实施，强迫
grocery					n.杂货(店)
spread					vt.展开，涂，覆盖，传播vi.传播n.传播，范围
recruit						n.新兵，新成员，vt.征募vi.征募(兵)
justified					adj.有正当理由的，<打印>齐行的
eccentric					adj.古怪的，<天文>不正圆的
bridge					n.桥梁，纽带vt.桥梁，消除，弥补
\\\\

Superficial injuries are not very serious, and affect only the surface of the body. You can also describe damage to an object as superficial. 表皮的 (伤、损坏)
Superficial is used to describe the appearance of something or the impression that it gives, especially if its real nature is very different. 表面上的
If you describe something such as an action, feeling, or relationship as superficial, you mean that it includes only the simplest and most obvious aspects of that thing, and not those aspects which require more effort to deal with or understand. (行动、感情、关系等) 浅表的
If you describe someone as superficial, you disapprove of them because they do not think deeply, and have little understanding of anything serious or important. (人) 肤浅的
superficial |英 [,suːpə'fɪʃ(ə)l; ,sjuː-]  美 [,supɚ'fɪʃl]| adj. 表面的；肤浅的 ；表面文章的；外表的；（人）浅薄的/
The 69-year-old clergyman escaped with superficial wounds.这位69岁的牧师带着些皮肉伤逃脱了。
Despite these superficial resemblances, this is a darker work than her earlier novels.尽管有这些表面的相似，这相比她早期的小说是一部更悲观的作品。
Their arguments do not withstand the most superficial scrutiny.他们的论点经不起最为浅表的细察。
This guy is a superficial yuppie with no intellect whatsoever.这个家伙是个肤浅的雅皮士，没有任何智慧。


Your private thoughts or feelings are ones that you do not talk about to other people. 私下的 (想法、情感)
Your private life is that part of your life that is concerned with your personal relationships and activities, rather than with your work or business. 私人的 (生活)
privately 私下地
Private meetings, discussions, and other activities involve only a small number of people, and very little information about them is given to other people. 私下的 (会晤、讨论等)
Private places or gatherings may be attended only by a particular group of people, rather than by the general public. 不对外开放的
Your private things belong only to you, or may only be used by you. 私人的 (财物)
Private individuals are acting only for themselves, and are not representing any group, company, or organization. 代表个人行事的
privately 私有地
Private companies, industries, and services are owned or controlled by individuals or stockholders, rather than by the government or an official organization. 私有的
private |英 [ˈpraɪvɪt]  美 [ˈpraɪvɪt]| adj. 私人的，私有的；私立的；私营的/adj. 私下的，不公开的，秘密的/adj. （场所）清静的；（人）不愿吐露心思的，内向的/adj. 无官职的/n. 列兵；二等兵/
Some of what we're talking about might better be discussed in private.我们正在谈论的有些事也许私下讨论更好。
He was a private in the U.S. Army.他是美国陆军中的一名列兵。
Gould was an intensely private individual.古尔德曾是个相当孤僻的人。
It was the only reasonably private place they could find.这是他们能找到的惟一颇不受他人打扰的地方。
Privately, she worries about whether she's really good enough.私下里，她担心她是不是真的够好。
We all felt as if we were intruding on his private grief.我们都觉得好像我们在触犯他的个人悲痛。
I've always kept my private and professional life separate.我一向将我的私生活和职业生涯分开。
Few senior figures have issued any public statements but privately the resignation's been welcomed.几乎没有高级人物发表过任何公开声明，但私底下辞职是受欢迎的。
Don't bug private conversations, and don't buy papers that reprint them.不要窃听私下谈话，也不要买翻印这种谈话的报纸。
The door is marked "Private."门上写着“闲人免进”。
673 private golf clubs took part in a recent study.673家不对外开放的高尔夫俱乐部参加了最近的一次调查。
They want more state control over private property.他们想要对私人财产更多国家控制。
The king was on a private visit to enable him to pray at the tombs of his ancestors.国王在做一次私访以便能祭拜其祖坟。
Private individuals with money to lend are more difficult to find than traditional lenders.有钱借的个人比传统的放贷者更难找。
No other European country had so much state ownership and so few privately owned businesses.没有任何别的欧洲国家有这么多的国有企业和这么少的私有企业。
They sent their children to private schools.他们送孩子们上私立学校。
...a joint venture with private industry.…一个与私有企业合资的企业。


Conventional weapons and wars do not involve nuclear explosives. 常规的 (武器); 不用核武器的 (战争)
conventionally 传统地
A conventional method or product is one that is usually used or that has been in use for a long time. 传统的 (方法或产品等)
conventionally 传统地
Someone who is conventional has behaviour or opinions that are ordinary and normal. (行为观念等) 传统的
conventional |英 [kən'venʃ(ə)n(ə)l]  美 [kən'vɛnʃənl]| adj. 符合习俗的，传统的；常见的；惯例的/
We must reduce the danger of war by controlling nuclear, chemical, and conventional arms.我们必须通过控制核武器、化学武器和常规武器来降低战争的危险。
Organically grown produce does not differ greatly in appearance from conventionally grown crops.有机农产品与传统方法种植的农产品在外观上没有太大的区别。
...the risks and drawbacks of conventional family planning methods.…传统计划生育方法的风险和缺陷。
Men still wore their hair short and dressed conventionally.男人还是留着短发，着装传统。
...a respectable married woman with conventional opinions.…一个可敬的观念传统的已婚妇女。


You can say "No wonder" when you find out the reason for something that has been puzzling you for some time. (表示弄清了困惑已久的事) 难怪
If you say "no wonder," "little wonder," or "small wonder," you mean that something is not surprising. 难怪 (表示某事不足为奇)
You can say "I wonder" if you want to be very polite when you are asking someone to do something, or when you are asking them for their opinion or for information. 不知 (表示礼貌地提问或求助)
If you refer, for example, to a young man as a wonder boy, or to a new product as a wonder drug, you mean that they are believed by many people to be very good or very effective. 神奇的
A wonder is something that causes people to feel great surprise or admiration. 奇迹
Wonder is a feeling of great surprise and pleasure that you have, for example, when you see something that is very beautiful, or when something happens that you thought was impossible. 惊奇
If you say that it is a wonder that something happened, you mean that it is very surprising and unexpected. 奇事
If you wonder at something, you are very surprised about it or think about it in a very surprised way. 对…感到惊讶
If you wonder about something, you think about it, either because it interests you and you want to know more about it, or because you are worried or suspicious about it. 想知道
wonder |英 ['wʌndə]  美 ['wʌndɚ]| n. 惊奇；奇迹；惊愕/vi. 怀疑；想知道；惊讶/vt. 怀疑；惊奇；对…感到惊讶/adj. 奇妙的；非凡的/n. (Wonder)人名；(英)旺德/
A few moments of relaxation can work wonders.短暂的放松能产生奇效。
Brad was Jane's brother! No wonder he reminded me so much of her!布拉德是简的哥哥！难怪他很多方面使我想起她！
No wonder my brother wasn't feeling well.难怪我兄弟当时感觉不舒服。
I was just wondering if you could help me.不知你是否能帮助我。
Mickelson was hailed as the wonder boy of American golf.米克尔森被称颂为美国高尔夫球界的神奇男孩。
...a lecture on the wonders of space and space exploration.…一个关于太空奇迹和太空探险的讲座。
"That's right!" Bobby exclaimed in wonder. "How did you remember that?"“对呀！”鲍勃惊奇地喊道，“你怎么记得那件事？”
It's a wonder that it took almost ten years.花了几乎十年时间，真是桩奇事。
I wonder you don't feel it too.我惊讶于你也感觉不到它。
I could only wonder at how far this woman had come.我只能对这名妇女远道而来感到惊讶。
"He claims to be her father," said Max. "We've been wondering about him."“他声称是她的父亲，”马克斯说，“我们一直想知道是否如此。”
I wondered what that noise was.我想知道那噪音是什么。


tediously 乏味烦人地
If you describe something such as a job, task, or situation as tedious, you mean it is boring and frustrating. 乏味烦人的
tedious |英 ['tiːdɪəs]  美 ['tidɪəs]| adj. 沉闷的；冗长乏味的/
...the most tediously boring aspects of international relations.…国际关系中最乏味烦人的某些方面。
Such lists are long and tedious to read.这种清单读起来既冗长又乏味烦人。


subordination 从属; 次要
If you subordinate something to another thing, you regard it or treat it as less important than the other thing. 使从属于; 把…列于次要地位
Something that is subordinate to something else is less important than the other thing. 次要的; 从属的
Someone who is subordinate to you has a less important position than you and has to obey you. 下级的
If someone is your subordinate, they have a less important position than you in the organization that you both work for. 下级
subordinate |英 [sə'bɔːdɪnət]  美 [səˈbɔːdɪnɪt (for n. &adj.) ; səˈbɔːdɪˌnet (for v.)]| n. 下属，下级；部属，属下/adj. 从属的；次要的/vt. 使……居下位；使……服从/
...the social subordination of women.…妇女们的社会从属地位。
He was both willing and able to subordinate all else to this aim.他既愿意也能够让别的一切从属于这个目标。
It was an art in which words were subordinate to images.它是一种语言比图像次要的艺术。
Sixty of his subordinate officers followed his example.他的60个下级官员都以他为榜样。
Haig tended not to seek guidance from subordinates.黑格不想向下属们寻求指导。


You can refer to someone's body as their frame, especially when you are describing the general shape of their body. 身躯
If someone frames an innocent person, they make other people think that that person is guilty of a crime, by lying or inventing evidence. 诬陷
If an object is framed by a particular thing, it is surrounded by that thing in a way that makes the object more striking or attractive to look at. 环绕
When a picture or photograph is framed, it is put in a frame. 给 (图画或照片) 配框
A frame of movie film is one of the many separate photographs that it consists of. 画面
The frames of a pair of glasses are all the metal or plastic parts of it, but not the lenses. 眼镜框
The frame of an object such as a building, chair, or window is the arrangement of wooden, metal, or plastic bars between which other material is fitted, and which give the object its strength and shape. 构架
The frame of a picture or mirror is the wood, metal, or plastic that is fitted around it, especially when it is displayed or hung on a wall. 框架
frame |英 [freɪm]  美 [frem]| n. 框架；结构；[电影] 画面/vt. 设计；建造；陷害；使…适合/vi. 有成功希望/adj. 有木架的；有构架的/n. (Frame)人名；(英)弗雷姆/
Their belts are pulled tight against their bony frames.他们的腰带紧裹着瘦骨嶙峋的躯体。
I need to find out who tried to frame me.我需要查出谁试图诬陷我。
The swimming pool is framed by tropical gardens.游泳池四周环绕着热带花园。
The picture is now ready to be mounted and framed.这幅画现在可以装裱、配框了。
Standard 8mm projects at 16 frames per second.标准的8毫米电影每秒放映16帧画面。
He was wearing new glasses with gold wire frames.他戴着一副新的金丝框眼镜。
With difficulty he released the mattress from the metal frame, and groped beneath it.他费了很大劲把床垫从金属架上卸下来，然后在下面摸索一番。
He supplied housebuilders with modern timber frames.他为建房者提供了现代化的木制构架。
Estelle kept a photograph of her mother in a silver frame on the kitchen mantelpiece.埃丝特尔把她母亲的一张照片放在厨房壁炉架上的银质相框里。


smuggling 走私
If someone smuggles things or people into a place or out of it, they take them there illegally or secretly. 走私; 偷运
smuggle |英 ['smʌg(ə)l]  美 ['smʌgl]| vt. 走私；偷运/vi. 走私，私运；偷带/
An air hostess was arrested and charged with drug smuggling.一位空姐被抓了起来，并被指控走私毒品。
Police have foiled an attempt to smuggle a bomb into Belfast airport.警方挫败了一个将炸弹偷带进贝尔法斯特机场的企图。
My message is "If you try to smuggle drugs you are stupid."我的讯息是，“你若企图走私毒品，那是犯傻。”


If you receive reimbursement for money that you have spent, you get your money back, for example because the money should have been paid by someone else. 报销; 偿还
reimbursement |英 [,ri:ɪm'bɜ:smənt]  美 [,riɪm'bɝsmənt]| n. 退还，偿还；赔偿/
She is demanding reimbursement for medical and other expenses.她在要求医疗和其他费用的报销。


If something disappears, it stops existing or happening. 灭绝
If someone or something disappears, they go away or are taken away somewhere where nobody can find them. 失踪
If you say that someone or something disappears, you mean that you can no longer see them, usually because you or they have changed position. 消失
disappear |英 [dɪsə'pɪə]  美 ['dɪsə'pɪr]| vi. 消失；失踪；不复存在/vt. 使…不存在；使…消失/
The immediate threat of the past has disappeared and the security situation in Europe has significantly improved.过去的直接威胁不复存在了，欧洲的安全状况有重大改善。
...a Japanese woman who disappeared thirteen years ago.…一位13年前失踪的日本妇女。
The black car drove away from them and disappeared.黑色的小汽车驶离了他们便消失了。


When you inhale, you breathe in. When you inhale something such as smoke, you take it into your lungs when you breathe in. 吸入; 吸气
inhale |英 [ɪn'heɪl]  美 [ɪn'hel]| vt. 吸入；猛吃猛喝/vi. 吸气/
He took a long slow breath, inhaling deeply.他缓缓地深吸了一口气。


Majority is the state of legally being an adult. In most states in the United States, people reach their majority at the age of eighteen. 成年
Majority is used to describe opinions, decisions, and systems of government that are supported by more than half the people involved. 多数人支持的
A majority is the difference between the number of votes or seats in a legislature or parliament that the winner gets in an election, and the number of votes or seats that the next person or party gets. 多得的票数; 多获得的席位
If a group is in a majority or in the majority, they form more than half of a larger group. 占多数
The majority of people or things in a group is more than half of them. 多数
majority |英 [mə'dʒɒrɪtɪ]  美 [mə'dʒɔrəti]| n. 多数；成年/
...a citizen of Russia who has reached the age of majority.…一个已成年的俄罗斯公民。
...her continuing disagreement with the majority view.…她与多数人观点的持续不一致。
Members of parliament approved the move by a majority of ninety-nine.国会议员们以99票的多数批准了该提案。
Surveys indicate that supporters of the treaty are still in the majority.调查显示该条约的支持者仍占多数。
The majority of my patients come to me from out of town.我的多数病人来自市区外。


If you memorize something, you learn it so that you can remember it exactly. 记住
memorize |英 ['meməraɪz]  美 ['mɛmə'raɪz]| vt. 记住，背熟；记忆/
He studied his map, trying to memorize the way to Rose's street.他研究了地图，努力记住去罗丝家那条街的路。


If a series of events have a cumulative effect, each event makes the effect greater. 累积的
cumulative |英 ['kjuːmjʊlətɪv]  美 ['kjumjəletɪv]| adj. 累积的/
It is simple pleasures, such as a walk on a sunny day, which have a cumulative effect on our mood.诸如在晴朗的日子散步这样简朴的乐趣对我们的情绪有累积性益处。


When something traps gas, water, or energy, it prevents it from escaping. 留住 (气体、水或能量)
If you are trapped somewhere, something falls onto you or blocks your way and prevents you from moving or escaping. 困住
A trap is an unpleasant situation that you cannot easily escape from. 困境
To trap someone, especially a criminal, means to capture them. 抓捕
If you trap someone into doing or saying something, you trick them so that they do or say it, although they did not want to. 诱骗
A trap is a trick that is intended to catch or deceive someone. 圈套
If a person traps animals or birds, he or she catches them using traps. 用捕捉器捕捉; 设陷阱捕捉
A trap is a device which is placed somewhere or a hole which is dug somewhere in order to catch animals or birds. (捉捕动物或鸟类的) 捕捉器; 陷阱
trap |英 [træp]  美 [træp]| vt. 诱捕；使…受限制；使…陷入困境/n. 陷阱；圈套；[建] 存水湾/vi. 设陷阱/n. (Trap)人名；(英)特拉普/
Wool traps your body heat, keeping the chill at bay.羊毛织物能留住你的身体热量，阻挡寒气。
The light aircraft then cartwheeled, trapping both men.那架轻型飞机随后侧翻，把两个人困住了。
The train was trapped underground by a fire.列车被一场大火困在了地下。
The government has found that it's caught in a trap of its own making.政府已经发现其陷入了自己造成的困境中。
The police knew they had to trap the killer.警察知道他们得抓住那个凶手。
Were you just trying to trap her into making some admission?你仅仅是在试图诱骗她招供吗？
He failed to keep a rendezvous after sensing a police trap.他觉察到是警察的圈套后，就未去赴约。
The locals were encouraged to trap and kill mice to stop the spread of the virus.当地人被鼓励用捕捉器捕杀老鼠以阻止病毒的传播。
Nathan's dog got caught in a trap.内森的狗被捕捉器夹住了。


If you say that someone behaves in a lofty way, you are critical of them for behaving in a proud and somewhat overbearing way, as if they think they are very important. 高傲的
A lofty building or room is very high. 高耸的
A lofty ideal or ambition is noble, important, and admirable. 崇高的
lofty |英 ['lɒftɪ]  美 ['lɔfti]| adj. 高的；崇高的；高级的；高傲的/n. (Lofty)人名；(英)洛夫蒂/
...the lofty disdain he often expresses for his profession.…他经常表露出的对其职业的轻慢。
...a light, lofty apartment in the suburbs of Salzburg.…位于萨尔茨堡郊外的一幢光线充足、高高耸立的公寓。
It was a bank that started out with grand ideas and lofty ideals.那是一家创办时带着宏大理念、崇高理想的银行。


Clarity is the quality of being clear in outline or sound. (指轮廓、声音等) 清晰
Clarity is the ability to think clearly. (思路的) 清晰
The clarity of something such as a book or argument is its quality of being well explained and easy to understand. 明晰; 清楚
clarity |英 ['klærɪtɪ]  美 ['klærəti]| n. 清楚，明晰；透明/n. (Clarity)人名；(英)克拉里蒂/
This remarkable technology provides far greater clarity than conventional x-rays.这一非凡技术提供了比传统的X光要高得多的清晰度。
In business circles he is noted for his flair and clarity of vision.在商界，他以其风度与犀利的眼光而闻名。
...the ease and clarity with which the author explains difficult technical and scientific subjects.…该作者用于解释难懂的科技主题的轻松与明晰。


interaction 相互作用
When one thing interacts with another or two things interact, the two things affect each other's behaviour or condition. 相互作用
interaction 互动
When people interact with computers, or when computers interact with other machines, information or instructions are exchanged. 互动
interaction 相互交往
When people interact with each other or interact, they communicate as they work or spend time together. 相互交往
interact |英 [ɪntər'ækt]  美 [,ɪntɚ'ækt]| vt. 互相影响；互相作用/vi. 互相影响；互相作用/n. 幕间剧；幕间休息/
...the interaction between physical and emotional illness.…生理疾病和心理疾病之间的相互作用。
You have to understand how cells interact.你必须得了解细胞之间是如何相互作用的。
...experts on human-computer interaction.…人机互动专家。
...new, simplified ways of interacting with a computer.…与计算机互动的简化新方法。
...superficial interactions with other people.…和其他人的表面交往。
While the other children interacted and played together, Ted ignored them.当其他孩子们相互交往、一起玩耍时，泰德却不理他们。


If something such as a process, theory, or machine is refined, it is improved by having small changes made to it. 完善
refining 提炼
When a substance is refined, it is made pure by having all other substances removed from it. 提炼
refine |英 [rɪ'faɪn]  美 [rɪ'faɪn]| vt. 精炼，提纯；改善；使…文雅/
Surgical techniques are constantly being refined.外科手术技术正在不断得到完善。
...oil refining.…炼油。
Oil is refined to remove naturally occurring impurities.油经过提炼去除天然生成的杂质。


To confer something such as power or an honour on someone means to give it to them. 授予
When you confer with someone, you discuss something with them in order to make a decision. You can also say that two people confer. 商议
confer |英 [kən'fɜː]  美 [kən'fɝ]| vt. 授予；给予/vi. 协商/n. (Confer)人名；(英)康弗/
The constitution also confers large powers on Brazil's 25 constituent states.宪法还授予巴西25个成员州极大的权力。
He conferred with Hill and the others in his office.他和希尔以及他办公室里的其他人进行了商议。


anonymity 不记名
Something that is anonymous does not reveal who you are. 不记名的
anonymity 匿名
If you remain anonymous when you do something, you do not let people know that you were the person who did it. 匿名的
anonymous |英 [ə'nɒnɪməs]  美 [ə'nɑnəməs]| adj. 匿名的，无名的；无个性特征的/
He claims many more people would support him in the anonymity of a voting booth.他声称在投票站不记名的情况下更多的人会支持他。
Of course, that would have to be by anonymous vote.当然，那得是通过不记名投票。
Both mother and daughter, who have requested anonymity, are doing fine.要求匿名的母女情况都好。
An anonymous benefactor stepped in to provide the prize money.一位匿名捐助人参与进来提供了奖金。
You can remain anonymous if you wish.如果你愿意你可以保持匿名。


A commentator is also someone who often writes or broadcasts about a particular subject. 评论员
A commentator is a broadcaster who gives a radio or television commentary on an event. (电台或电视的) 解说员
commentator |英 ['kɒmənteɪtə]  美 ['kɑmən'tetɚ]| n. 评论员，解说员；实况播音员；时事评论者/
...a political commentator.…一名政治评论员。
...a sports commentator.…一名体育解说员。


If you are keen on something, you like it a lot and are very enthusiastic about it. 热衷的
keenness 渴望
If you are keen on doing something, you very much want to do it. 渴望的
keenly 强烈地
A keen interest or emotion is one that is very intense. 强烈的
keenly 灵敏地
If you have a keen eye or ear, you are able to notice things that are difficult to detect. 灵敏的
keenly 敏锐地
If you say that someone has a keen mind, you mean that they are very clever and aware of what is happening around them. 敏锐的
keen |英 [kiːn]  美 [kin]| adj. 敏锐的，敏捷的；渴望的；强烈的；热心的；锐利的/n. 痛哭，挽歌/n. (Keen)人名；(英)基恩；(德)肯；(肯)金/
The contest should be very keenly fought.比赛应该争夺很激烈。
She was a keen amateur photographer.她是一个痴迷的业余摄影师。
I wasn't too keen on physics and chemistry.我对物理和化学并不太热衷。
...Doyle's keenness to please.…多伊尔的极欲讨好心态。
You're not keen on going, are you?你不是很想走，对吗？
She remained keenly interested in international affairs.她一直对国际事务有强烈的兴趣。
He had retained a keen interest in the progress of the work.他一直对工作的进展保持着强烈的兴趣。
Charles listened keenly.查尔斯竖起耳朵听着。
...an amateur artist with a keen eye for detail.…一位对细节有敏锐洞察力的业余艺术家。
They're keenly aware that whatever they decide will set a precedent.他们敏锐地意识到无论他们决定怎么做，都会开创先例。
They described him as a man of keen intellect.他们把他描述成一个才思敏锐的人。


 Bookins - Every “ green” book lover should be keen on reducing, reusing and recycling their literature.  图书交换—每个“绿色”图书爱好者必然都热衷于减少、循环再利用他们的书籍。
 The experiment also revealed introverted men to be fond of yellow and neurotic women to be keen on grey.  实验还揭示出，内向男子更喜欢黄色，而有焦虑症状的女子热衷灰色。
be keen on || 



To enforce something means to force or cause it to be done or to happen. 强制执行
If people in authority enforce a law or a rule, they make sure that it is obeyed, usually by punishing people who do not obey it. 施行
enforce |英 [ɪn'fɔːs; en-]  美 [ɪn'fɔrs]| vt. 实施，执行；强迫，强制/
They struggled to limit the cost by enforcing a low-tech specification.他们通过强制执行一种低技术规范来竭力限制成本。
Boulder was one of the first cities in the nation to enforce a ban on smoking.博尔德是该国率先施行禁烟令的城市之一。


Groceries are foods you buy at a grocery or at a supermarket. 食品杂货
A grocery or a grocery store is a small shop that sells foods such as flour, sugar, and canned goods. 食品杂货店
grocery |英 ['grəʊs(ə)rɪ]  美 ['ɡrosəri]| n. 食品杂货店/
...a small bag of groceries.…一小袋食品杂货。
They run a small grocery store.他们经营一家小食品杂货店。


Spread is also a noun. 蔓延
If something such as a liquid, gas, or smoke spreads or is spread, it moves outward in all directions so that it covers a larger area. 使蔓延; 蔓延
Spread is also a noun. 扩散; 传播
If something spreads or is spread by people, it gradually reaches or affects a larger and larger area or more and more people. 使扩散; 扩散; 传播
If you spread a substance on a surface or spread the surface with the substance, you put a thin layer of the substance over the surface. 摊; 抹; 敷
Spread out means the same as . 伸展开
If you spread your arms, hands, fingers, or legs, you stretch them out until they are far apart. 伸展开 (手臂、手、手指、腿等)
Spread out means the same as . 铺开 (同)(spread)
If you spread something somewhere, you open it out or arrange it over a place or surface, so that all of it can be seen or used easily. 铺开
spread |英 [spred]  美 [sprɛd]| vi. 传播；伸展/vt. 传播，散布；展开；伸展；铺开/n. 传播；伸展/adj. 伸展的/
Market makers earn their livings from the spread between buying and selling prices.炒股者赚取股票买卖的价格差。
There was a double-page spread of a dinner for 46 people.有一篇关于46人共进晚餐的横贯两版的文章。
A topic-based approach can be hard to assess in schools with a typical spread of ability.在以典型的能力多元化为特征的学校里很难评估一种基于话题的教学方法。
There are easier ways to encourage the even spread of wealth.有更简单的方法来促进财富的平均分配。
...policies that spread the state's wealth more evenly.…更加平均地分配国家财富的政策。
There seems to be little difference whether you eat all your calorie allowance at once, or spread it over the day.无论你是一次性吃完全天的卡路里限量还是分散在一天里吃，似乎没多大区别。
The situation was complicated by the spread of a serious forest fire.形势因一场严重的森林火灾的蔓延而复杂化了。
A dark red stain was spreading across his shirt.一个暗红色的污渍正在他的衬衫上渗开。
Fire spread rapidly after a chemical truck exploded.一辆装有化学品的卡车爆炸后火势迅速蔓延开来。
The greatest hope for reform is the gradual spread of information.改革的最大希望就是信息的逐渐传播。
...the sense of fear spreading in residential neighbourhoods.…在住宅区蔓延的恐惧感。
The industrial revolution, which started a couple of hundred years ago in Europe, is now spreading across the world.几百年前始于欧洲的工业革命现在正向全世界扩散。
Spread the mixture in the cake pan and bake for 30 minutes.将该混合物摊在蛋糕烤盘里，烤30分钟。
David made a gesture, spreading out his hands as if he were showing that he had no explanation to make.大卫做了个手势，双手一摊，似乎表示他没有什么可解释的。
Sitting on the floor, spread your legs as far as they will go without overstretching.坐在地板上，尽可能分开双腿，但不要过度拉伸。
He extracted several glossy prints and spread them out on a low coffee table.他抽出几张光面照片铺在一张矮咖啡桌上。
She spread a towel on the sand and lay on it.她把一块浴巾铺在沙地上，然后躺在上面。


A recruit is a person who has recently joined an organization or an army. 新成员; 新兵
recruiting 招收; 招募
If you recruit people for an organization, you select them and persuade them to join it or work for it. 招收; 招募
recruit |英 [rɪ'kruːt]  美 [rɪ'krut]| n. 招聘；新兵；新成员/vt. 补充；聘用；征募；使…恢复健康/vi. 复原；征募新兵；得到补充；恢复健康/
...a new recruit to the LA Police Department.…洛杉矶警察局的一名新警员。
A bomb exploded at an army recruiting office.一枚炸弹在一个征兵办公室爆炸了。
She set up her stand to recruit students to the Anarchist Association.她搭了一个摊位招募学生加入无政府主义者协会。
The police are trying to recruit more black and Hispanic officers.警方正试图招收更多的黑人和西班牙裔的警官。


If you think that someone is justified in doing something, you think that their reasons for doing it are good and valid. 理所应当的
If you describe a decision, action, or idea as justified, you think it is reasonable and acceptable. 合理的
justified |英 ['dʒʌstɪfaɪd]  美 ['dʒʌstɪfaɪd]| adj. 有正当理由的；合乎情理的；事出有因的/v. 调整（justify的过去分词）；证明…正当/
He's absolutely justified in resigning. He was treated shamefully.他完全有理由辞职。他受了侮辱。
In my opinion, the decision was wholly justified.在我看来，这个决定是完全合理的。


An eccentric is an eccentric person. 古怪的人
If you say that someone is eccentric, you mean that they behave in a strange way, and have habits or opinions that are different from those of most people. 古怪的; 异乎寻常的
eccentric |英 [ɪk'sentrɪk; ek-]  美 [ɪk'sɛntrɪk]| adj. 古怪的，反常的/n. 古怪的人/
Askew used several names, and had a reputation as an eccentric.艾斯丘用过几个名字，并以“怪人”著称。
He is an eccentric character who likes wearing a beret and dark glasses.他是个怪人，喜欢戴贝雷帽和墨镜。


The bridge of your nose is the thin top part of it, between your eyes. (鼻) 梁
Thebridge is the place on a ship from which it is steered. 舰桥
If something or someone acts as a bridge between two people, groups, or things, they connect them. 纽带
Something that bridges the gap between two very different things has some of the qualities of each of these things. 结合 (极为不同的两者)
To bridge the gap between two people or things means to reduce it or get rid of it. 克服 (障碍)
A bridge between two places is a piece of land that joins or connects them. (连接两地的) 陆桥
A bridge is a structure that is built over a railway, river, or road so that people or vehicles can cross from one side to the other. 桥
bridge |英 [brɪdʒ]  美 [brɪdʒ]| n. 桥；桥牌；桥接器；船桥/vt. 架桥；渡过/n. (Bridge)人名；(英)布里奇/
On the bridge of his hooked nose was a pair of gold rimless spectacles.在他的鹰勾鼻梁上是一副镀金无边眼镜。
Captain Ronald Warwick was on the bridge when the wave hit.浪打来时,罗纳德·沃里克船长正在舰桥上。
We hope this book will act as a bridge between doctor and patient.我们希望这本书将成为沟通医生与病人的纽带。
...the singer who bridged the gap between pop music and opera.…结合了流行音乐和歌剧的歌手。
It is unlikely that the two sides will be able to bridge their differences.双方不太可能会克服彼此间的分歧。
...a land bridge linking Serbian territories.…连接塞尔维亚领土的陆桥。
He walked back over the railway bridge.他从铁路桥上走了回去。

