slap			拍，掌㧽
demand			强求，需求
alcoholic		含酒精的
beverage		饮料
executive		有执行权的，经理
prompt			及时的，促使
broad			广的
reflection		映像
alienate		使某人感到被孤立
imbibe		喝
ritual		仪式，惯例
at the expense	以...为代价
mortality		死亡
episode		事件
alcohol		酒
bond			建立友谊
catalyst		促进因素
vital			必不可少的
lubricant		润滑剂
provoke		激怒
surrender	投降
line of defense	防线
abstinent		节制的
coerce		强迫
\\\\\\\\

n. [sing.]（手掌的）拍打声；类似拍打的声音:
vt. (友好地)拍(…的后背):
A large middle-aged lady slapped me on the back and said 'Nice to see you again.' 一位身材高大的中年女士拍了拍我的后背说:
n. [C] (友好的)拍(…的后背):
vt. (不合理或草率地)施加(赋税、禁令等):
n. [U] [英，非正式] 化妆品，相当于make-up:
vt. 用手掌打、拍、掴。相当于smack:
vt.（尤指生气地）啪的一声随意放在某个表面上:
vi. 啪地击打（或撞上）:
n. [C] 用手掌打、拍、掴:
adv. [非正式] 直接且用力地:
vt. (不合理或草率地)施加(赋税):
adv. [非正式] 正好、恰好:
slap |[slæp]
the gentle slap of water against the shore 水轻轻的拍岸声 
He hit the water with a resounding slap. 他啪的一声拍了一下水。
‘Congratulations! ’ he said, slapping me on the back. “祝贺你！”他拍着我的背说。
He gave me a hearty slap on the back to congratulate me. 他亲切地拍了拍我的后背以示祝贺。
The government slapped a ban on the export of unprocessed logs. 政府贸然禁止出口未加工过的原木。
Thankfully the Government still hasn't discovered a way of slapping a tax on love, sunshine or air. 谢天谢地，政府还没有找到对爱情、阳光和空气课税的方法。
She slapped his face hard. 她狠狠给了他一个耳光。
She slapped his hand away. 她把他的手打开。
The officer slapped him hard across the face. 军官使劲儿扇了他一耳光。
I felt like I had been slapped in the face. 我觉得像被人打了一耳光。
He would push or slap her once in a while. 他偶尔会推搡她或是打她的耳光。
She slapped the boy on the leg. 她拍了拍男孩的腿。
He slapped the newspaper down on the desk. 他啪的一声把报纸摔在桌上。
She slapped a $10 bill into my hand. 她啪地把一张10元钞票放在我手里。
The barman slapped the cup on to the waiting saucer. 酒吧服务生麻利地把茶杯放在了茶碟上。
The water slapped against the side of the boat. 水拍击船舷。
She gave him a slap across the face. 她打了他一个耳光。
He received a slap across the face. 他脸上挨了一巴掌。
That boy needs a slap! 那男孩真该打！
She gave him a playful slap on the arm as everyone laughed. 大家都哈哈大笑时，她开玩笑地拍了拍他的胳膊。
Her mother delivered a hard slap and sent her to bed. 她妈妈使劲儿拍了她一下，让她上床睡觉。
'The Sun' calls it a massive slap in the face for the United States government.《太阳报》称之为打在美国政府脸上的一记重重的耳光。
Britons persist in treating any pay rise of less than 5% as a slap in the face. 英国人坚持认为加薪不到 5%不啻于一种羞辱。
The closure of the school is a slap in the face to the local community. 学校的关闭对当地社区来说不啻是一个打击。
We're hoping that she gets off with a slap on the wrist from the judge. 我们只是希望法官给她小以惩戒就放过她。
Storming out of her room, she went slap into Luke. 她怒气冲冲地冲出房间，迎面和卢克撞了个满怀。
Thankfully the Government still hasn't discovered a way of slapping a tax on love, sunshine or air. 谢天谢地，政府还没有找到对爱情、阳光和空气课税的方法。
Their apartment is slap bang in the middle of town. 他们住的公寓恰巧在全城的中心。           

n. [C] 所需之物:
vt.（为成功做成某事而）需要…:
vt.＆vi. 坚决要求，强烈要求:
n. 1 [C] demand (for sth/that ...) 坚决要求:
demands (on sb)可表示…让你做的事，尤指困难、让人劳累或烦恼、担忧等的要求:
n. [U, C] demand (for sth/sb)顾客对商品和服务的需求或需求量:
demand |[dɪ'mɑːnd]
economic, emotional, financial, physical, practical, social, technical demands 经济需求；感情需求；财务需求；体力需求；实际需求；社会需求；技术需求
This sport demands both speed and strength. 这项运动既需要速度也需要体力。
She demanded an immediate explanation. 她强烈要求立即做出解释。
I demand to see the manager. 我坚决要求见经理。
‘Where are the keys?’ she demanded angrily.“钥匙在哪儿？”她生气地问道。
The UN has demanded that all troops be withdrawn. 联合国已要求撤出所有部队。
A final demand for payment had been issued. 要求付款的最后通知已经发出。
written demand 书面要求 
financial, political demand 资金要求；政治要求 
public, union demand 公众的要求；工会的要求 
ransom, salary demand 赎金要求；薪金要求 
to be available on demand 有求必应 
the demands of children, the demands of work 孩子烦人的事；工作中累人的事 
Flying makes enormous demands on pilots. 驾驶飞机对飞行员要求很高。
My work seems to make more and more demands on my time. 工作似乎要占用我越来越多的时间。
customer, market demand 顾客需求；市场需求 
domestic demand 国内需求 
energy demand 能源需求 
demand for credit 贷款需求 
seasonal demand 季节性的需求 
the law of supply and demand 供求规律 
Demand is exceeding supply. 供不应求。
Demand for the product is enormous. 这种产品需求量很大。

adj. 由饮酒所引起的:
n. [C]（经常大量酗酒的）酗酒者，酒鬼。是此义的常规用词:
adj. 与酒精有关的，或含酒精的:
alcoholic |[͵ælkə'hɒlɪk]
They left in an alcoholic haze. 他们醉醺醺地离去了。
He is an alcoholic. 他是个酒鬼。
a chronic alcoholic 长期酗酒者
alcoholic drinks 含酒精的饮料

(chiefly in commercial use) a drink other than water.:（主要用于商业用途）水以外的饮料。
beverage |ˈbɛv(ə)rɪdʒ| Noun/:饮料

n. 1 [C]（公司或组织机构的）经理、主管:
2 [C] 运作一家公司或一个组织机构的一群人，即领导层:
adj. 1 [只用于名词前] 与公司或组织机构的管理有关的（涉及制定计划及做出决策），即经营管理的:
2 [只用于名词前] 有执行权的，即行政的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 昂贵的、供重要人物使用的:
n. [sing.] the executive指政府的行政部门:
executive |[ɪgˈzekjətɪv]
a chief executive in a computer firm 一家计算机公司的总裁 
Her husband is a senior bank executive. 她丈夫是银行高级主管。
a top executive in a large corporation 一家大公司的高层主管 
key contracts to prevent the loss of key executives 防止重要主管流失的合约 
one of the most successful TV executives 现有电视台执行官中最成功的一位 
The contract gives a female executive maternity leave rights. 合同给予女经理休产假的权利。
business, company, corporate, industry executive 公司经理；行业经理 
oil company executives 石油公司经理 
accout, advertising, financial, legal（英）, marketing, public relations, sales executive 会计主管；广告主管；财务主管；法务主管；营销主管；公关主管；销售主管 
media, metwork（尤美）, news（美）, record（美）, studio, television, TV executive 媒体主管；网络主管；新闻主管；唱片主管；演播室主管；电视主管 
One TV network executive has already called for more deregulation. 一名电视网主管已经呼吁进一步放松管制。
airline, auto（美）, oil（尤美）, technology（美）executive 航空公司主管；汽车主管；石油主管；技术主管 
The union's executive has/have yet to reach a decision. 工会领导层还有待做出决策。
She has an executive position in a finance company. 她是一家金融公司的领导层成员。
executive decisions, executive duties, executive jobs 经营管理的决策；经营管理的职责；经营管理的工作 
the executive dining room 管理人员食堂 
A successful job search needs to be as well organised as any other executive task. 成功的求职与执行其他任何任务一样，都需要良好的条理性。
I don't envisage I will take an executive role, but rather become a consultant on merchandise and marketing. 我不设想自己将成为管理人员，但很希望成为商品营销顾问。
executive authority 行政当局 
executive board, executive body, executive committee, executive officer 执行董事会；行政机构；执行委员会；行政长官 
the council's executive member for education（英）理事会的教育执行委员 
executive meeting（尤英）执行机构会议 
Executive power is held by the president. 执行权由董事长掌握。
He sits on the executive committee that manages Lloyds. 他是管理劳埃德保险公司的执行委员会成员。
Some executive members have called for his resignation. 一些执行委员会成员要求他辞职。
executive car, executive home 高级汽车；高级住宅 
executive suite (= in a hotel)（旅馆的）贵宾套房 
executive lounge (= at an airport)（机场的）贵宾休息室 
executive briefcase 高级公文包 
a chain of shops specialising in pricey executive toys 专卖价格昂贵的精美玩具的连锁商店
The government, the executive and the judiciary are supposed to be separate. 政府、行政部门和司法部门应该彼此分离。
The matter should be resolved by the executive branch of government. 这个问题应该由政府的行政部门解决。
She is a member of the party's national executive. 她是党的全国行政机构成员。
political executive 权力机关 
government, party, union（尤英） executive 政府行政机构；政党行政机构；工会行政机构 
Conservatives are believers in a strong executive. 保守派相信需要一个强大的行政机构。
ruling executive（英） 在任的行政当局 
elected executive 选举产生的行政机关 
Parliament's ability to control the executive（英） 议会控制行政机构的能力

adj.（人）做事不拖延的，即立即的、迅速的、及时的。相当于immediate:
adj. [不用于名词前]（人）准时到达的。相当于punctual:
adv. 准时地:
vt.（通过给某人提问题或给其提醒话语来）鼓励某人说话:
vt. 促使某人决定做某事；导致某事发生:
vt.&vi. 给演员在忘词的时候提醒词语:
n. [C]（给演员的）提示词:
n. [C] [计算机] 提示符（计算机屏幕上显示的，表明某项任务已经完成，并做好了执行新任务的准备的一个符号）:
vt. [计算机] 用提示符提示你下一步的任务:
vt.（通过给某人提问题或给其提醒话语来）提示某人说话:
prompt |[prɒmpt;美prɑ:mpt]
Prompt action was required as the fire spread. 由于火势蔓延，须要立即采取行动。
It is not too late, but prompt action is needed. 现在还不算晚，但是需要立即采取行动。
an inflammation of the eyeball which needs prompt treatment 需要立即治疗的眼球炎症 
Prompt payment of the invoice would be appreciated. 见发票即付款，将不胜感激。
You have been so prompt in carrying out all these commissions. 你执行所有这些命令可真够迅速的。
We didn't worry because they were always so prompt with their rental payment. 我们不担心，因为他们交租金总是非常及时。
Please be prompt when attending these meetings. 参加上述会议，请准时出席。
The meeting will begin at ten o'clock prompt. 会议将于十点钟准时开始。
‘And then what happened? ’ he prompted. “后来怎样了？”他鼓励对方继续说下去。
'Go on,' the therapist prompted him. “接着说，”医生鼓励他道。
The discovery of the bomb prompted an increase in security. 此次发现炸弹促使当局加强了安全工作。
His speech prompted an angry outburst from a man in the crowd. 他的讲话激起了人群中一男子的愤怒。
The thought of her daughter's wedding day prompted her to lose some weight. 对女儿婚期的操心使她消瘦不少。
Japan's recession has prompted consumers to cut back on buying cars. 日本经济的不景气使得消费者在购买车辆上减少了开支。
The need for villagers to control their own destinies has prompted a new plan. 村民们想要掌握自己的命运，这促成了一项新的计划。
The program will prompt you to enter data where required. 这个程序在必要时将提醒你输入数据。
She was too nervous to speak and had to be prompted. 她紧张得说不出话来，只好听人提示。

adj.（所给予的暗示）明显的:
adj. [美] 以性作为笑料的，即粗俗滑稽的:
adj. 包含各种各样的人或事物的，即广泛的:
adj. 1 宽阔的；广阔的。相当于wide。此时一般可以和wide互换使用:
2 用于表示距离的量度之后，以表明某事物的宽度。此时通常也可以和wide互换使用:
3（陆地或水域）开阔的，辽阔的:
adj.（人）口音重的，乡音浓的，让人一听就知道从哪儿来的，相当于strong，但不太如strong常用:
adj. 只作前置定语，指概括的，笼统的，广义的，不具体的:
broad |[brɔ:d]
a broad hint 明确的暗示
broad humor 粗俗的幽默
a broad range of products 各种各样的产品 
a broad spectrum of interests 广泛的兴趣 
There is broad support for the government’s policies. 政府的政策得到了广泛的支持。
He questioned whether the curriculum was broad enough in scope. 他对学校课程设置面是否够宽有疑问。
broad street, broad river 宽阔的街道；宽广的河流 
broad shoulders 宽肩 
a broad smile 咧嘴笑 
two metres broad and one metre high 两米宽，一米高 
a broad expanse of water 一片辽阔的水域
the broad outline of a proposal 提案的纲要 
broad agreement 意见大致相同 
She’s a feminist, in the broadest sense of the word. 广义而言，她算是个女权主义者。
in broad terms 从大体上说

n. [C]（某事物的状态或本质的）反映、显示:
n. [C] 对某事的记录或描述:
n. [U]（声的）反射:
n. 1 [C]（镜子、闪光的平面、水面等映出的）影像:
2 [U]（光的）反射:
n. [U]（热的）反射:
n. 1 [U] 对某事的沉思、深思（有时思考的事件比较长）:
2 [C, usually pl.]（写下的或说出的关于某课题的）思考:
n. [C, usually pl.]（写下的或说出的关于某课题的）回忆:
reflection |[rɪˈflekʃn]
Your clothes are often a reflection of your personality. 穿着常常反映出一个人的个性。
Inhibition in adulthood seems to be very clearly a reflection of a person's experiences as a child. 一个人成年期的情感压抑似乎很明显是其童年时期经历的反映。
Infection with head lice is no reflection on personal hygiene. 头上生虱子并不说明不讲个人卫生。
The increase in crime is a sad reflection on (= shows sth bad about) our society today. 犯罪的增加令人遗憾地反映了当今社会不太好的一面。
The library is unique and its break-up would be a sad reflection on the value we place on our heritage. 这个图书馆很特别，若将它关闭，会让人怀疑我们是否珍视传统。
This account is only a pale reflection of the true state of affairs. 这一报道苍白无力，没有反映事态的真实面貌。
The movie is a poor reflection of Kerouac's work. 这部电影没有很好地再现凯鲁亚克的作品。
Young people's conduct is a direct reflection of adults. 年轻人的行为是成年人行为的直接反映。
Such studies do not give a true reflection of population needs. 这类研究不能真实反映出大众的需求。
His low level of performance is no reflection on his general ability. 他的不佳表现没有反映出他的正常水平。
The article is an accurate reflection of events that day. 这篇文章准确地记录了那天发生的事。
sound reflection 回声
clear reflection 清晰的映像 
dim, faint reflection 朦胧的映像 
blurred, distorted reflection 模糊的映像；扭曲的映像 
He admired his reflection in the mirror. 他欣赏着自己在镜中的影像。
She caught him admiring his reflection in the mirror. 她瞥见他对看镜子自我欣赏。
Meg stared at her reflection in the bedroom mirror. 梅格注视着卧室中镜子里的自己。
My reflection stared back at me. 我的映像回视着我。
I caught his reflection in the window. 我瞥见了他在窗户上的映像。
He caught sight of her reflection in the window. 他瞥见了她在窗户上的映像。
The mirror showed her reflection. 镜子里现出她的映像。
Her reflection in the mirror looked distorted.她在镜子甲的模样看起来变形了。
Kye's reflection appears in the glass. 凯尔的映像出现在镜子里。
In the reflection on the glass door he could see the class behind him. 从玻璃门上他可以看到身后整个班级的映像。
I saw my reflection in the polished marble. 在光亮的大理石上，我看到了自己的倒影。
the reflection of the mountains on the calm waters of the lake 平静湖水中群山的倒影 
light reflection 光反射 
the reflection of a beam of light off a mirror 一束光从镜子表面的反射 
the angle of reflection 反射角
heat reflection 热反射 
There is reflection of heat from the metal surface. 金属表面反射传导热。
She decided on reflection to accept his offer after all. 经过审慎的思考，她决定还是接受他的提议。
A week off would give him time for reflection. 歇上一周会使他有时间考虑考虑。
After days of reflection she decided to write back. 想了几天之后她决定回信。
He paused, absorbed by his reflections. 他停下来，陷入了沉思。
careful, deep, mature, profound, serious, sober reflection 缜密的思考；深思；熟虑；深入的思考；认真的思考；清醒的思考 
quiet reflection 静思 
personal reflection 自我反省 
thoughtful reflection 沉思 
Such decisions may be made after thoughtful reflection. 这种决定可能会在深思后作出。
critical, ethical, moral, philosophical, spiritual, theological, theoretical reflection 批判性的思考；伦理思考；道德思考；哲学思考；精神反思；神学思考；理论思考 
Teachers should encourage reflection on the part of their students. 教师应该鼓励学生进行反思。
A moment's reflection will show you that that can't be true. 稍加思考，你就会发现这不可能是真的。
On further reflection, I'm not so sure it's a good idea. 再仔细一想，我真不敢肯定这是个好主意了。
The party needs a period of sober reflection about what went wrong. 该党需要一段时间来认真反省，看着到底什么地方出了问题。
a period of reflection 思考期 
a period for reflection, a time for reflection 反思阶段；思考时间 
In his latest collection of poems readers are confronted with a series of reflections on death. 在他最新的诗集里，读者能够读到他对死亡的一系列感想。
They took a few minutes to offer their personal reflections. 他们花了几分钟提出他们的个人想法。
She has some interesting reflections about the spiritual state of the country. 她对这个国家的精神状态有些值得思考的见解。
a book of her reflections on childhood 一本关于她童年生活的回忆录

vt. 使某人对你不再那么友好或同情，即离间、使疏远:
vt. ~ sb (from sth/sb) 使某人对某个群体没有归属感:
alienate |[ˈeɪliəneɪt]
His second wife, Alice, was determined to alienate him from his two boys. 他的第二任妻子艾丽斯，决意要离间他和两个儿子的感情。
to alienate his affection 疏远他的关爱 
His comments have alienated a lot of young voters. 他的言论使许多年轻选民离他而去。
The government cannot afford to alienate either group. 疏远两个团体中的任何一方都是政府承受不起的。
He has adopted an informal register so as not to alienate his audience. 为了不疏远他的听众，他采用了一种非正式的语体。
Very talented children may feel alienated from the others in their class. 天才出众的孩子可能觉得与班上的同学格格不入。           

vt.&vi. [正式或幽默] 喝、饮，尤指饮酒:
vt. [正式] 吸收，尤指吸收信息、思想或观点:
imbibe |[ɪmˈbaɪb]
They were used to imbibing enormous quantities of alcohol. 他们过去习惯于狂饮烈酒。
No one believes that current nondrinkers should be encouraged to start imbibing. 没人认为应该鼓励现在滴酒不沾的人去狂喝豪饮。
As a clergyman's son he'd imbibed a set of mystical beliefs from the cradle. 作为牧师的儿子,他从尚在襁褓时起就接受了一套神秘主义信仰。

n. [C, U] 习惯、老规矩:
adj.（言行）习惯的、老套的，尤指不真诚地例行公事的:
n. [C, U] 仪规，尤指涉及很多固定程序的宗教仪式:
adj. 作为仪规或仪式的一部分的:
ritual |[ˈrɪtʃuəl]
daily, nightly, Sunday ritual 日常惯例；晚间惯例；周日惯例 
Eating around the table was a family ritual that could not be broken. 围着桌子吃饭是一个不可打破的家庭规矩。
A cognac before bed is one of our little nightly rituals. 临睡前喝点儿白兰地是我们每天晚上的小习惯之一。
She had to go through the ritual of kissing the toys before her son would go to sleep. 她得亲吻一遍玩具后儿子才肯睡觉。
Sunday lunch with the in-laws has become something of a ritual. 星期天，和姻亲们共进午餐已经成了例行的公事。
The whole Italian culture revolves around the ritual of eating. 整个意大利的文化都以饮食习惯为中心。
Cocktails at the Plaza was a nightly ritual of their sophisticated world. 到广场饭店喝鸡尾酒是他们这个高雅时髦的圈子中的人每晚必做的事情。
Jake began the evening ritual of asking about everyone's day. 杰克晚上开始例行公事地询问大家一天的情况。
She makes an elaborate ritual of the washing-up. 她洗刷饭后餐具的程序总是相当复杂。
Her visits to her aged father have become a ritual. 她看望老父已成了一种习惯。
Bargaining at the markets is now just an empty ritual. 市场上的讨价还价现在只不过是走走形式罢了。
ritual expressions of sympathy 例行公事地表示同情 
I realized that here the conventions required me to make the ritual noises. 我意识到此时按照惯例我应该说些客套话。
religious rituals 宗教仪式 
ancient, primitive ritual 古老的仪式；原始的仪式 
elaborate, solemn ritual 精心安排的仪式；庄严的仪式 
secret ritual 秘密的仪式 
magic ritual 魔法仪式 
public ritual 公共仪式 
voodoo ritual 巫毒仪式 
burial, cleansing, courtship, fertility, funerary, healing, initiation, mating, mourning ritual 丧葬仪式；净身仪式；求爱仪式；生育仪式；治疗仪式；入会仪式；交配仪式；哀悼仪式 
hazing ritual（美）捉弄人的仪式 
This is the most ancient, and holiest of the Shinto rituals. 这是最古老、最神圣的神道教仪式。
rituals performed by druids at Stonehenge on Midsummer's Day 德鲁伊教徒在施洗约翰节时举行的仪式 
Boys undergo a circumcision ritual to usher them into adulthood. 男孩子经历割礼仪式进入成年。
Their funerals follow the rituals of the Catholic church. 他们的葬礼遵循天主教会的仪式。
They practice/practice certain rituals in connection with rites of passage. 他们每次开启人生的重要阶段时都需要举行某些仪式。
ritual chanting 礼仪上的圣咏演唱 
fastings and ritual dancing 斋戒和传统舞蹈 
an act of ritual suicide 仪式性的自杀行为 
ritual murder, ritual sacrifice, ritual slaughter 仪式性的谋杀；仪式性的牺牲；仪式性的屠杀

n. 1 [U] 在某种情况中（或在一段时间）的死亡数量、死亡率:
2 [C] [术语] 死亡:
n. [U] 生命的有限:
mortality |[mɔ:ˈtæləti;美mɔ:rˈt-]
The nation's infant mortality rate has reached a record low. 该国的婴儿死亡率已降至历史最低水平。
Mortality from lung cancer is still increasing. 死于肺癌的人数仍在上升。
the relationships between mortality and unemployment 死亡人数和失业人数之间的关系 
Poor hygiene led to high mortality among children. 卫生条件很差，导致儿童死亡率很高。
a condition that often results in premature mortality 经常导致患者过早死亡的疾病 
The disease has caused widespread mortality. 这种疾病已经造成了大面积死亡。
mortality level, mortality rate 死亡率 
mortality data, mortality statistics 死亡率数据；死亡率统计数据 
mortality study 死亡率研究 
Mortality among immigrant groups was higher than average. 移民群体的死亡率高于平均水平。a lower annual mortality from cancer 较低的癌症病人年死亡人数 
hospital mortalities (= deaths in hospital) 医院里的死亡数字 
mortality risk 死亡风险
After her mother's death, she became acutely aware of her own mortality. 她母亲去世后，她开始强烈意识到自己的生命是有限的。

n. [C]（人生的）一段经历:
n. [C]（人生的）一件事件或情况；（小说的）事件或情况:
n. [C] 一个阶段:
n. [C]（电视连续剧或广播连续剧的）一集、（杂志连载故事的）一节:
n. [C] 短暂的患病期、疾病的发作期:
n. [C]（小说的）片段或情况:
episode |[ˈepɪsəʊd;美-soʊd]
I'd like to try and forget the whole episode. 我倒想尽量把那段经历全部忘掉。
Unfortunately it was a rather sordid episode of my life. 不幸的是，这是我人生中非常不光彩的一段经历。
I still remember that episode from my childhood. 我依然记得自己童年时期的那一件事。
This episode is bound to be a deep embarrassment for Washington. 这一事件肯定会让华盛顿非常难堪。
during a brief episode of socialist rule 实行社会主义制度的短暂时期中 
an extraordinary episode in American history 美国历史上一个非同寻常的阶段
The final episode will be shown next Sunday. 下周日将播出最后一集。
It happened in the final episode of ‘Star Trek’. 这件事发生在《星际迷航》的最后一集里。Don't miss next week's exciting episode! 别错过下周激动人心的一集！
classic episode 经典的一集 
pilot episode 试播的一集 
previous episode 上一集 
I caught a few episodes of seasons one and two. 我赶上了第一、二季里面的几集。
The next episode has not yet been filmed. 下一集还未拍摄出来。
people who'd suffered a third episode of depression in two years. 两年内忧郁症三次发作的人 
The new drug lessens the severity of pneumonia episodes. 新药减轻了肺炎发作时的痛苦。
an acute episode of pneumonia 肺炎急性发作期 
She has only told you about the latest episode in a long history of mental illness. 她只对你讲了漫长的精神病史中最近的一段。
recurrent episode（医学）复发阶段 
depressive, manic, psychotic episode（均医学）抑郁发作阶段；躁狂发作阶段；精神病发作阶段
One of the funniest episodes in the book occurs in Chapter 6. 书中最有趣的片段之一在第6章。

n. [U] 含酒精的饮料（能使人喝醉，如啤酒、葡萄酒、威士忌等）。是一个常规用词，具有一定概括性（因为凡是含酒精的饮料，都是一种alcohol，当然，更是一种drink。但alcohol仅仅是不可数名词）:
n. [U] 酒精，乙醇:
alcohol |['ælkəhɒl]
to drink alcohol 喝酒 
strong alcohol（美）烈性酒 
alcohol abuse 酗酒 
alcohol prohibition 禁酒
low-alcohol beer 酒精度低的啤酒 
pure alcohol 纯酒精 
rubbing alcohol（美）医用酒精 
alcohol content 酒精含量 
alcohol dependence 酒精依赖

n. [C] bond (between A and B) 人或团体之间的纽带、联系、关系，例如友谊、共同的观念或经历（relations、relationship、bond、tie、link都可表示两个或多个人、团体、国家之间的关系。其中relation要用复数relations，relations与relationship均是此义的常规用词，最为常用。bond、tie与link均为形象化用法，也较为常用）:
vt.＆vi. bond (with sb) 与某人创建或发展信任关系:
n. [C] 正式用法，指书面的法律协议（或承诺），尤其强调协议的法律约束力:
bond (A) to B 使牢固地结合，把…紧紧地连接到…上:
n. [C] 两个事物结合在一起的方式，即结合，连接:
n. [C] 化学键:
n. 1 [C] 金融领域可指政府或企业发行的债券:
2 [C] 按揭贷款，或按揭贷款协议:
n. [U] 法律领域可指保释金，但尤用于北美:
n. [C] 复数形式bonds为正式用法，可指囚犯所戴的绳索或链子:
n. [C] 复数形式bonds为正式用法，可指对人的内心或行动的自由造成羁绊的桎梏:
bond |[bɒnd]
bonds of friendship 友谊的纽带 
emotional, spiritual bond 情感纽带；精神上的纽带 
She felt a bond of affection for the other girls. 她与其他女孩感情很深。
the bond between mother and child 母子关系 
the bonds between the two countries 两国间的联系 
bonds between the different communities 不同社区之间的联系
Mothers who are depressed sometimes fail to bond with their children. 患忧郁症的母亲有时无法和孩子建立亲子关系。
We entered into a solemn bond. 我们缔结了一项庄严的协定。
vt.＆vi. bond (A and B) (together) 
This new glue bonds a variety of surfaces in seconds. 这种新型胶水可迅速粘牢各种表面。
The atoms bond together to form a molecule. 原子结合形成分子。
a firm bond between the two surfaces 两个面之间的牢固接合 
covalent bond 共价键
bond market 债券市场 
high-yield, long-term bond 高收益债券；长期债券 
corporate, government, treasury bond 公司债券；政府债券；国库券 
junk bond 高风险债券 
to pay off a bond 偿清按揭贷款 
to take out a second bond 申请第二次按揭 
bond rates (= of interest) 按揭贷款利率
He was released on $5 000 bond. 他以5000美元取保释放。
to release sb from their bonds 给某人除去枷锁
the bonds of oppression, the bonds of injustice 压迫的枷锁；不公正的枷锁

a substance that increases the rate of a chemical reaction without itself undergoing any permanent chemical change:一种能提高化学反应速率而自身不发生任何永久性化学变化的物质
a person or thing that precipitates an event:促成事件的人或事物
catalyst |ˈkat(ə)lɪst| Noun/:catalyst
chlorine acts as a catalyst promoting the breakdown of ozone:氯作为催化剂促进臭氧分解
the prime minister's speech acted as a catalyst for debate:总理的讲话起到了辩论的催化剂作用

adj.（一个人）充满精力和热情（enthusiasm）的，相当于dynamic:
adj. 只用于名词前，与维持生命有关的，或对维持生命来说必不可少的:
adj. vital (for/to sth) 对某事的成功或某事物的存在来说必需的、必不可少的、极其重要的:
vital |['vaɪtl]
a vital person 有活力的人 
They have something important to say and vital and radical ways of saying it. 他们有些重要的事情要说，言辞会比较激烈。
the vital organs (= the brain, heart, lungs, etc.) 活命器官
the vitamins that are vital for health 保持健康必不可少的维生素 
Team spirit is vital for success. 团队精神对成功至关重要。
Reading is of vital importance in language learning. 阅读在语言学习中至关重要。
the strategically vital industrial zone 战略上极其重要的工业区

a substance used for lubricating an engine or component, such as oil or grease:一种用于润滑发动机或部件的物质，例如油或油脂
lubricating:润滑
lubricant |ˈluːbrɪk(ə)nt| Adjective/Noun/:润滑剂,润滑油
squirt in a lubricant on a regular basis:定期喷入润滑剂
a thin lubricant film:一层薄薄的润滑油膜

vt. 激怒:
vt. ~ sb (into sth/into doing sth) 用言语或行动来故意激怒某人，可称为挑衅:
vt. 引起某个反应，或具有某个效应:
provoke |[prəˈvəʊk;美-ˈvoʊk]
The announcement provoked a storm of protest. 这个声明激起了抗议的风潮。
The suggestion provoked outrage from student leaders. 这一建议激起了学生的愤慨。
The destruction of the mosque has provoked anger throughout the Muslim world. 毁坏清真寺的行为激怒了整个伊斯兰世界。
Their laughter provoked him to anger. 他们的笑声激怒了他。
The lawyer claimed his client was provoked into acts of violence by the defendant. 律师声称，他的当事人是受到被告的挑衅才采取暴力行动的。
I provoked him into doing something really stupid. 在我的刺激下他做了件非常愚蠢的事。
She had been trying to provoke her sister into an argument. 她一直在想方设法惹姐姐来吵一架。
He was sensitive and easily provoked. 他很敏感，容易被激怒。
The announcement provoked a storm of protest. 这个声明激起了抗议的风潮。
His election success has provoked a shocked reaction. 他的当选引起一片震惊。
The article was intended to provoke discussion. 这篇文章旨在引发讨论。
Dairy products may provoke allergic reactions in some people. 乳制品可能会引起某些人的过敏反应。

vt. ~ sth/sb (to sb) [正式] 被迫放弃:
n. [U, sing.] ~ of sth (to sb) 被迫放弃，尤指在战争等过后的被迫放弃:
vt.&vi. ~ (yourself) (to sb)（向军方或警方）投降:
n. 1 [U, sing.] ~ (to sb/sth)（向军方或警方）投降:
2 [U, sing.] 允许自己被某事物控制，如屈从、屈服:
vt. ~ sth/sb (to sb) [正式] 被迫交出:
vt. ~ sth/sb (to sb) [正式] 在权威方的要求下交出或出示票证、护照等:
n. [U, sing.] ~ of sth (to sb) 被迫交出…，尤指在战争等过后的被迫交出:
surrender |[səˈrendə(r)][səˈrendə(r)]
He agreed to surrender all claims to the property. 他同意放弃对那笔财产的一切权利要求。
He had to fill out forms surrendering all rights to her property. 他不得不填表放弃其全部财产所有权。
They agreed to surrender their claim to the territory. 他们同意放弃对那片领土的主权要求。
The rebel soldiers were forced to surrender. 叛军被迫投降。
After three weeks under siege, they surrendered completely. 被围困三周以后，他们彻底投降了。
The British formally surrendered on 31 May. 英国人于5月31日正式投降。
He surrendered voluntarily to his enemies. 他自愿向敌人投降。
The hijackers eventually surrendered themselves to the police. 劫机者最终向警方投降。
The allied commander demanded their immediate and unconditional surrender. 盟军指挥官要求他们立即无条件投降。
to offer them easy terms of surrender 提出优厚的投降条件 
The villagers were starved into surrender. 村民们饥饿难忍，只好投降。
The rebels hoisted the white flag of surrender. 叛军升起了白旗投降。
He raised his hands in mock surrender. 他举起双手假装投降。
The division took the surrender of a group of some 500 rebels. 这个师接受了约500名叛军的投降。
the government's surrender to the nationalists' demands 政府向民粹分子要求的屈服 
They accused the government of a surrender to business interests. 他们指责政府唯工商界的利益是从。
total personal surrender to Jesus 完全顺从耶稣 
Depression is a partial surrender to death. 沮丧是对死亡的一定妥协。
They were ordered to surrender their weapons to the police. 他们被勒令向警方交出武器。
They surrendered their guns to the police. 他们向警察交出了枪。
Gen. Morgan's troops yesterday surrendered their heavy weapons to Belgian and US troops. 昨天，摩根将军的部队被迫向比利时和美国军队交出了他们的重型武器。
The dictator surrendered power to Parliament. 独裁者把权力交给了议会。
The defendant was released to await trial but had to surrender her passport. 被告被释放候审，但须交出护照。
They have been ordered to surrender their tickets. 他们被要求出示票据。
They insisted on the immediate surrender of all weapons. 他们坚持要求立即交出全部武器。

refraining from an activity or from the consumption of something, especially alcohol:克制某项活动或消费某物，尤其是酒精
abstinent |ˈabstɪnənt| Adjective/:节制,禁欲的
the patients are best advised to be totally abstinent from alcohol:患者最好完全戒酒

vt. ~ sb (into sth/into doing sth) [正式]（通过威胁）迫使某人去做某事:
coerce |[kəʊˈɜ:s;美koʊˈɜ:rs]
He had argued that the government coerced him into pleading guilty. 他辩称是政府强迫他认罪的。
Clark had somehow been able to coerce Jenny into doing whatever he told her to do. 不知是用什么办法，克拉克总能让珍妮对他言听计从。
They were coerced into negotiating a settlement. 他们被迫通过谈判解决。
