addict				对...入迷的人
conventional			传统的
property			财产，住宅，特性
to a certain extent		从某种程度来说
praise				赞美
stimulate			刺激，促进...的功能
neurotransmitter		神经递质
dopamine			多巴胺
implicate			被涉及，牵连
desire				渴望
inherent			内在的，固有的
brutal				残忍的
sacrifice			牺牲
famously			著名的
psychologist			心理学家
treadmill			跑步机
wear off				感觉逐渐消失
reward				报偿，值得
hook				勾住
substance			物质
agonizing			使人极度痛苦的
physically			身体上
depression			忧郁
anxiety				焦虑
elite				精英
tyrannical			残暴的
substitute			代替品，替代
\\\\\\\\

n. [C] 对某事入迷（因而花很多时间做此事）的人:
n. [C] 吸毒成瘾的人:
addict |[ˈædɪkt]
a video game addict 游戏机迷 
She is a TV addict and watches as much as she can. 她是个电视迷，看起电视来没完没了。
Many young boys become computer adherences. 许多男孩子小小年纪就迷上了电脑。
cocaine, heroin, drug, nicotine addict 吸食可卡因成瘾的人；吸食海洛因成瘾的人；吸食毒品成瘾的人；吸食尼古丁成瘾的人 
He's only 24 years old and a drug addict. 他只有24岁，却是个瘾君子。

adj. 1 [常含贬义] 倾向于遵循全社会约定俗成的做法或惯例的，平凡普通的，也许不是非常有趣的，即（行为观念等）依照惯例的，墨守成规的，遵从习俗的，普通平凡的:
2 常作前置定语，遵循传统（或长久以来的做法）的:
adj. 常作前置定语，（尤指武器）非核的，即常规的:
conventional |[kən'venʃənl]
conventional behaviour, conventional morality 循规蹈矩的行为；传统的道德规范 
She’s very conventional in her views. 她的观点很守旧。
conventional methods, conventional approaches 传统方法 
in the conventional sense 从传统意义上来说
conventional forces, conventional weapons, conventional arms 常规部队；常规武器 
a conventional power station 常规动力发电站

n. [C, usually pl.] [正式] 某事物的特性、性质:
n. 1 [U] 某人所拥有的东西，所有物、财物、财产:
2 [U, C] 土地和建筑物，即不动产、房地产；也可指建筑物和其周围的土地:
property |[ˈprɒpəti;美ˈprɑ:pərti]
biological, chemical, electrical, magnetic, mechanical, physical, structural property 生物特性；化学特性；电的特性；磁性；机械特性；物理特性；结构特性 
A radio signal has both electrical and magnetic properties. 无线电信号具有电、磁双重属性。
antiseptic, healing, health-giving（英）, medicinal property 防腐特性；愈合特性；增进健康的特性；药性 
a plant with medicinal properties 药用植物 
The medicinal properties of the leaves of this tree have been known for centuries. 这种树叶的药性几个世纪前已为人所知。
inherent, intrinsic property 固有属性；内在属性 
basic, essential property 基本属性；根本属性 
The substance has properties similar to plastic. 该物质的性质类似于塑料。
personal, private property 个人财产；私有财产 
Richard could easily destroy her personal property to punish her for walking out on him. 理查德能轻易毁掉她的私人财产来惩罚她对他的背叛。
Be careful not to damage other people's property. 小心别损及别人的财物。
common, public property 公共财产 
This building is government property. 这座大楼是政府的财产。
intellectual property 知识产权 
Companies should protect their intellectual property with patents and trademarks. 公司应该通过申请专利和注册商标保护自己的知识产权。
stolen property 失窃财产 
lost property（英）丢失的物品 
I phoned the lost property office to see if someone had found my bag. 我给失物招领处打电话，询问是否有人找到了我的包。
The market was known as a place where people disposed of stolen property. 大家都知道那个市场是个销赃的地方。
The firm was found to have infringed intellectual property rights. 这家公司被判侵犯了知识产权。
Charisma isn't the exclusive property of movie stars. 魅力不是电影明星的独家财产。
freehold, leasehold property（均英）终身保有的不动产；租赁的房地产 
detached, semi-detached property（均英）独立式房屋；半独立式房屋 
separate property 独栋房屋 
two-bedroom property（尤英）两居室的房屋 
business, commercial, hotel, residential property 营业地产；商用地产；酒店物业；住宅物业 
investment property 投资性房地产 
private property 私有房产 
This vehicle has been parked on private property. 这辆车停在了私人地产上。
Students are not allowed on school property outside of school hours. 学生不准在非上课期间进入学校的房子。
family property 家族物业 
Cecil inherited a family property near Stamford. 塞西尔继承了斯坦福德附近的一处家族房产。
beachfront, waterfront property 海滨房产；滨水房产 
desirable property 令人心仪的房地产 
They decided to rent out the property while they were abroad. 他们决定在去国外期间把房屋租出去。
They are living in rented property.（英）他们现在住在租来的房子里。
We have a potential buyer who wants to view the property. 有个潜在的购房者要来看房。
The property was valued at £250,000. 这处房地产的估价为25万美元。
Once the tenants have left, the property will be put on the market. 一旦房客离开，这处房子就会在市场上出售。
property market, property prices, property values 房地产市场；房地产价格；房地产价值 
property company, property developer 房地产公司；房地产开发商 
property owner 房地产所有者 
property tax 不动产税 
property law 物业法 
property crime, property damage 财产犯罪；财产损害 
a man of property（常为幽默用法）
How does it feel to be a woman of property? 作为有房子的女人有何种感觉？
The price of property has risen enormously. 房地产的价格大幅上升了。
There are a lot of empty properties in the area. 这个地区有大量的闲置房地产。

praise sb/sth (as sth) 对某人或某事物表达赞扬，即称赞，表扬，相当于compliment:
n. [U] 对某人或某事物的赞美之辞。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
n. [U] 对上帝的颂扬或赞颂。与glory未见明显区别:
vt. 颂扬或赞颂上帝:
praise |[preɪz]
vt. praise sb/sth (for sth) 
She praised his cooking. 她称赞他的厨艺。
He praised his team for their performance. 他称赞了各队员的表现。
He praised all his staff highly. 他高度赞扬了所有的员工。
His teachers are full of praise for the progress he’s making. 老师们对他的进步赞不绝口。
She wrote poems in praise of freedom. 她写诗讴歌自由。
to win public praise 赢得公众的赞扬 
The play has attracted universal praise. 这出戏得到了普遍的好评。
hymns of praise, songs of praise 赞美诗；颂歌 
Praise be (to God)! 愿主受赞美！
Praise the Lord. 赞美上帝！
Allah be praised. 感谢真主！

vt. 促进某事物的发展，使某事物变得更活跃，如促进、激发、激励:
vt. 使人对…感兴趣，使人对…兴奋:
vt. [术语] 促进身体某部位的功能:
stimulate |[ˈstɪmjuleɪt]
An interest rate increase directly stimulates saving and reduces real expenditure. 利率的升高直接刺激储蓄，并减少实际支出。
The economy is recovering, stimulated in part by government spending. 经济正在复苏，部分原因是受政府支出的刺激。
This tax policy is artificially stimulating demand. 这一税收政策将人为地刺激需求。
America's priority is rightly to stimulate its economy. 美国的首要任务自然是刺激经济。
The Russian health service has stimulated public interest in home cures. 俄罗斯的公共医疗服务已经激起了公众对家庭治疗的兴趣。
The exhibition has stimulated interest in her work. 展览增进了人们对她作品的兴趣。
The article can be used to stimulate discussion among students. 这篇文章可用来活跃学生的讨论。
Parents should give children books that stimulate them. 父母应给孩子能启发他们的书。
I was stimulated to examine my deepest thoughts. 我深受启发，开始审视自己内心深处的想法。
The conference stimulated him to study the subject in more depth. 这次会议促使他更深入地研究那个课题。
Bill was stimulated by the challenge. 这个挑战让比尔热情高涨。
Both men and women are stimulated by erotic photos (= sexually). 色情照片对男女都有刺激作用。
activities designed to stimulate the children intellectually 旨在刺激儿童智力的一些活动 
to sexually stimulate, to visually stimulate, to electrically stimulate 在性方面刺激；在视觉方面刺激；电刺激 
Exercise stimulates the digestive and excretory systems. 锻炼能促进消化和排泄系统的活动。
The women were given fertility drugs to stimulate the ovaries. 那些妇女得到了促进卵巢功能的生育药。
The production of melanin in the skin is stimulated by exposure to the sun. 皮肤暴露在阳光下就很容易生成黑色素。

a chemical substance which is released at the end of a nerve fibre by the arrival of a nerve impulse and, by diffusing across the synapse or junction, effects the transfer of the impulse to another nerve fibre, a muscle fibre, or some other structure.:一种化学物质，在神经冲动到达时在神经纤维末端释放，并通过突触或连接处扩散，影响将冲动转移到另一根神经纤维、肌肉纤维或其他一些结构体。
neurotransmitter |ˌnjʊərəʊtranzˈmɪtə| Noun/:神经递质,神经传导物质

a compound present in the body as a neurotransmitter and a precursor of other substances including adrenaline.:一种存在于体内的化合物，作为神经递质和其他物质（包括肾上腺素）的前体。
dopamine |ˈdəʊpəmiːn| Noun/:多巴胺,多巴氨

vt. ~ sb (in sth) 一件坏事或一桩罪案把某人牵涉进去:
vt. ~ sth (in/as sth) 表明（或意指）…是坏事的起因:
implicate |[ˈɪmplɪkeɪt]
He tried to avoid saying anything that would implicate him further. 他尽力避免说出任何会进一步牵连他的事情。
He was obliged to resign when one of his own aides was implicated in a financial scandal. 当他的一位助手牵涉进一起金融丑闻时,他被迫辞职。
Allegations had appeared in the press implicating the army and police in some of the killings. 有关军方和警方与几起命案有牵连的指控出现在了新闻报道中。
These groups are very strongly implicated in the violence. 这些团体与这起暴力事件有很大关联。
He was falsely implicated in an attempted murder case. 他被误认为与一起未遂谋杀案有牵连。
The results implicate poor hygiene as one cause of the outbreak. 这些结果说明卫生条件差是疾病流行的一个原因。           

vt.＆vi. [正式] 渴望某事物:
desire (to do sth) 拥有某东西（或做某事）的一种强烈愿望，即渴望。是“渴望”的常规用词:
2 [C, usually sing.] 被渴望的一个人或事物:
n. [U, C] desire (for sb) 与某人发生性关系的一种强烈愿望，即情欲:
vt. 被某人的性吸引力所吸引:
desire |[dɪ'zaɪə]
We all desire health and happiness. 我们都渴望健康和幸福。
The medicine did not achieve the desired effect. 这种药未达到预期效果。
Fewer people desire to live in the north of the country. 想住在这个国家北方的人就更少了。
a strong desire for power 强烈的权力欲 
a desire for money and fame 对名利的欲望 
a desire to return home 想回家的欲望 
I have no desire to discuss the matter further.（正式）我不想再谈此事。
a desire for knowledge 求知欲 
I suddenly felt an overwhelming desire to laugh. 我突然抑制不住想大笑。
When she agreed to marry him, he felt he had achieved his heart’s desire. 当她答应嫁给他时，他感到终于得到了心上人。
She felt a surge of love and desire for him. 她对他骤生爱意，欲火攻心。
He still desired her. 他依然对她有欲望。

adj. ~ (in sb/sth) 固有的、内在的（即作为…的基本且永恒的部分，且不能被移除的）:
inherent |[ɪnˈhɪərənt;-ˈher-;美-ˈhɪr-]
the difficulties inherent in a study of this type 这类研究本身的困难 
Violence is inherent in our society. 在我们的社会中暴力是难免的。
an inherent weakness in the design of the machine 机器设计中的内在缺陷 
Stress is an inherent part of dieting. 节食必定会带来压力。
the dangers inherent in an outbreak of war 一旦爆发战争所固有的危险

adj.（对令人不悦的事）直截了当的:
adj. 1 残暴的、兽性的:
2 不考虑别人的感情的、冷酷的:
3 残酷无情的、难以忍受的:
brutal |[ˈbru:tl]
It was refreshing to talk about themselves and their feelings with brutal honesty. 他们直言不讳地谈论自己和自己的感受，让人觉得耳目一新。
He took an anguished breath. He had to be brutal and say it. 他痛苦地吸了口气，不得不坦言此事。
brutal attack, brutal murder, brutal rape, brutal killing 野蛮的攻击；凶残的谋杀；野蛮的强奸；凶残的杀害 
the brutal suppression of anti-government protests 对反政府抗议的残酷镇压 
With brutal honesty she told him she did not love him. 她冷酷地直接告诉他，她不爱他。
The dip in prices this summer will be brutal. 今年夏天价格的大幅下跌将会很残酷。
The afternoon sun had been brutal. 下午的太阳酷热难挡。

vt. sacrifice sth (for sb/sth) 为更重要或更有价值的事物而牺牲或舍弃…:
n. [C, U] 为更重要或更有价值的事物而牺牲或舍弃…；也可指被舍弃的事物:
vt. sacrifice sth (for sb/sth) 为更重要或更有价值的事物而牺牲或舍弃…:
n. [C, U] 人命的牺牲；也可指被舍弃的人命:
n. [C, U] sacrifice (to sb) 向神献祭品（祭品常是以某种方式宰杀的动物等）；也可指被献祭的动物等（此时相当于victim）:
vt.＆vi. 以人或动物来献祭:
sacrifice |['sækrɪfaɪs]
She sacrificed everything for her children. 她为子女牺牲了一切。
to sacrifice a football game to go out with a girl 放弃一场足球赛而去跟一个女孩子约会 
soldiers who sacrificed their lives for their country 为国捐躯的士兵们 
The designers have sacrificed speed for fuel economy. 设计者为节省燃料牺牲了速度。
In her writing, clarity is sometimes sacrificed to brevity. 她的写作有时为追求简短而损害了意思的清晰表达。
The makers of the product assured us that there had been no sacrifice of quality. 这一产品的制造商向我们保证说他们没有牺牲质量。
Her parents made sacrifices so that she could have a good education. 为了让她受良好的教育，她的父母作了很多牺牲。
financial, personal sacrifice 财务上的牺牲；个人牺牲 
heroic sacrifice 英勇的牺牲 
soldiers who sacrificed their lives for their country 为国捐躯的士兵们
heroic sacrifice 英勇的牺牲 
animal sacrifice 用作祭品的动物 
religious, ritual sacrifice 宗教祭祀；献祭仪式 
blood sacrifice 血祭 
Food and wine were offered as sacrifices to the gods. 食物和酒被作为贡品献给众神。
to sacrifice a sheep 以一只羊来献祭

excellently:优秀
in a way that is widely known:以广为人知的方式
famously |ˈfeɪməsli| Adverb/:著名的,出名
we got on famously:我们出名了
they have famously reclusive lifestyles:他们有著名的隐居生活方式

n. [C] 心理学家；心理学研究者:
psychologist |[saɪˈkɒlədʒɪst;美-ˈkɑ:l-]
academic, experimental psychologist理论心理学家；实验心理学家 
behavioural/behavioral, child, cognitive, developmental, educational, evolutionary, forensic, occupational, social, sports psychologist 行为心理学家；儿童心理学家；认知心理学家；发展心理学家；教育心理学家；进化心理学家；司法心理学家；职业心理学家；社会心理学家；运动心理学家 
consultant psychologist（英）心理学顾问 
professional psychologist 职业心理学家 He is now a clinical psychologist with a major hospital. 他现在是一家大医院的心理医生。
Psychologists tested a group of six-year-olds with a video. 心理学家用一段录像对一组六岁的儿童进行了测试。
chartered（英）, licensed（美）psychologist 特许心理学家；执业心理学家 
I made an appointment with the school psychologist.（school psychologist尤为美式用法）我已与学校的心理咨询教师约好了时间。/

a large wheel turned by the weight of people or animals treading on steps fitted into its inner surface, formerly used to drive machinery.:一个大轮子，由踩在其内表面的台阶上的人或动物的重量转动，以前用于驱动机器。
a device used for exercise, consisting of a continuous moving belt on which to walk or run.:一种用于锻炼的设备，由一条连续移动的带组成，可以在上面行走或跑步。
a job or situation that is tiring, boring, or unpleasant and from which it is hard to escape:令人疲倦、无聊或不愉快且难以摆脱的工作或情况
treadmill |ˈtrɛdmɪl| Noun/:跑步机,踏车
the soulless treadmill of urban existence:城市存在的无灵魂跑步机

n. [C, U] 由于做了好事或工作努力等而获得的回报，报酬，奖励。强调一种付出与回报的对等性。与prize有类似之处，但prize更强调奖励的象征意义，奖品形式也比较多样，而reward则强调这笔酬金对酬劳接受者所具有的实际经济意义（如改善生活水平）:
vt. reward sb (for sth/for doing sth) 由于某人做了好事或工作努力等而给予其报酬，奖励，常用被动式:
n. [C] 为帮助警察找到罪犯或帮助失主找回丢失物品所获得的悬赏金:
reward |[rɪ'wɔ:d]
rewards of investments 投资回报 
tangible reward 看得见的报酬 
potential reward 潜在的回报 
economic, material reward 经济奖励；物质奖励 
Winning the match was just reward for the effort the team had made. 赢得比赛的胜利是全队付出努力应得的回报。
Give yourself some time off as a reward. 休息一下吧，就算是犒劳自己。
reward system 奖赏制度 
reward and punishment 奖惩 
Top athletes enjoy rich rewards. 顶级运动员享有丰厚的酬金。
She was rewarded for her efforts with a cash bonus. 她因自己所作的努力而得到一笔奖金。
He was duly rewarded for his outstanding contribution to the arts. 他因为在艺术上的杰出成就而获得了应有的奖励。
highly rewarded occupations 报酬很高的职业 
He rewarded us handsomely for helping him. 对于我们的帮助，他大加酬谢。
She started singing to the baby and was rewarded with a smile. 她开始给孩子唱歌，孩子则报以微笑。
Our patience was finally rewarded. 我们的耐心最终得到了回报。
The rats are rewarded with food when they press the lever. 老鼠压下杠杆时就会得到食物作为奖励。
cash reward 现金悬赏 
A £100 reward has been offered for the return of the necklace. 已悬赏100英镑找寻项链。
There is a reward for information leading to an arrest. 提供对抓捕罪犯有用信息的人可获得赏金。

vt.＆vi. 用某物（尤指腿、胳膊或手指）钩住或箍住:
vt.＆vi. 用挂钩来钩住…；被钩住:
vt.＆vi. 用挂钩来悬挂…；被挂住:
n. [C]（用于悬挂、钓鱼等的）钩，挂钩:
n. [C] 拳击中的勾拳:
vt.（尤指高尔夫球、板球或足球）打曲线球；踢弧线球:
n. [C]（用于钓鱼的）钩:
vt. 专指用鱼钩来钓鱼:
hook |[hʊk]
He hooked his foot under the stool and dragged it over. 他用脚从底下钩住凳子，把它拖了过去。
Her thumbs were hooked into the pockets of her jeans. 她的双手拇指钩在牛仔裤袋里。
Suddenly an arm hooked around my neck. 突然有一条胳臂箍住了我的脖子。
We hooked the trailer to the back of the car. 我们把拖车挂在汽车尾部。
a dress that hooks at the back 从后背用钩扣的连衣裙
picture, curtain, coat hook 挂图钩；窗帘挂钩；挂衣钩 
a fish hook 鱼钩 
Hang your towel on the hook. 把你的毛巾挂在钩上。
a left hook to the jaw 击向下颌的一记左钩拳
a fish hook 鱼钩
It was the biggest pike I ever hooked. 那是我钓到的最大的狗鱼。
She had managed to hook a wealthy husband.（比喻用法）她成功钓到了一位有钱的丈夫。

n. [U] 事实基础、事实根据:
n. [C] 物质:
n. [U] …的最重要（或主要）部分，如主旨、要点、实质、基本内容:
n. [U] a man/woman of ~ [正式] 有钱有势的人:
n. [U] [正式] 重要性:
n. [U] 实质性内容:
substance |[ˈsʌbstəns]
It was malicious gossip, completely without substance. 这是恶意造谣，完全没有事实根据。
There is no substance in any of these allegations. 这些指控都毫无根据。
His disappearance has given added substance to the argument that he stole the money. 他的失踪更是给认为他偷了钱的说法提供了佐证。
The letters lent substance to the claims. 这些信给索赔诉求提供了依据。
There's no substance in the story. 这篇报道没有事实根据。
the substance of the evidence against him 对他不利的证据 
There was little substance to his claims. 他的说法没什么事实根据。
There is some substance in what he says. 他的话是有一定根据的。            
addictive, cancer-causing（尤美）, carcinogenic, dangerous, harmful, hazardous, noxious, poisonous, radioactive, toxic substance 使人上瘾的物质；致癌物质；危险物质；有害物质；有毒物质；放射性物质；毒性物质 
harmless, innocuous carcinogenic 无害物质 
Even innocuous substances can sometimes register a positive result in a drug test. 即使无害的物质在药检中有时也会呈阳性。
banned, controlled, illegal, illicit, prohibited substance 违禁物品；管制物品；非法物品 
hallucinogenic, mind-altering, psychedelic, psychoactive, psychotropic substance 致幻药品；迷幻剂 
performance-enhancing substance 兴奋剂 
a natural substance found in the body of animals 在动物体内发现的一种天然物质 
chemical substance 化学物质 
inorganic, organic substance 无机物；有机物 
pure substance 纯净物 
soluble, volatile substance 可溶性物质；挥发性物质 
active, inactive, inert substance 活性物质；非活性物质；惰性物质 
crystalline, fatty, gooey（非正式）oily, powdery, slimy, sticky, viscous, waxy substance 结晶物；脂肪物质；黏性物质；油类物质；粉状物质；蜡状物质 
medicinal substance 药物 
foreign substances that contaminated the experiments 使实验受到污染的异物 
a bag full of some unknown substance 装满了不明物质的袋子 
the material substance of which we are made 构成我们自身的实体物质 
Some frogs produce very toxic substances in their skin. 有些青蛙的皮肤能够分泌剧毒物质。
The athletes had taken banned substances to increase their strength. 那些运动员服用了违禁药物以增强体力。
Love and guilt form the substance of his new book. 他的新书主要讲爱情与罪孽。
I agreed with what she said in substance, though not with every detail. 对于她所说的，虽然不是每个细节我都同意，但基本内容却是赞同的。
The substance of his discussions doesn't really matter. 他讨论的要点实际上根本不重要。      
mature men of substance 有钱有势的成熟男人
matters of substance 重大问题 
Nothing of any substance was achieved in the meeting. 会议没有取得任何实质性成果。
It's questionable whether anything of substance has been achieved. 是否已经取得了任何实质性进展还是个问题。
Syria will attend only if the negotiations deal with issues of substance. 只有在谈判涉及重大问题时叙利亚才会参加。
The real substance of the report was in the third part. 这篇报告的实质性内容在第三部分。
The image of him that the media have presented has no substance. 媒体所展示的他的形象很空洞。
There's no difference in substance between the two points of view. 这两种观点事实上没有差别。
Nothing of substance was achieved at the meeting. 会议没有取得任何实质性成果。

causing great physical or mental pain:造成巨大的身体或精神痛苦
agonizing |ˈaɡənʌɪzɪŋ| Adjective/:痛苦的,苦恼的
an agonizing death:痛苦的死亡

in a manner relating to the body as opposed to the mind:以与身体相关的方式而不是与头脑相关的方式
in a way that involves bodily contact or activity:以涉及身体接触或活动的方式
in a way that relates to the real world and things perceived through the senses as opposed to the mind:以一种与现实世界和通过感官而不是头脑感知的事物相关的方式
in terms of what is possible in the real world:在现实世界中什么是可能的
physically |ˈfɪzɪkli| Adverb/:身体上,身体上的
physically demanding work:体力劳动
he physically assaulted a colleague:他殴打同事
cyberspace is a virtual place; it does not physically exist:cyberspace是一个虚拟的地方；它在物理上不存在
it is physically impossible to check every car:检查每一辆车实际上是不可能的

n. [U, C] 极度悲伤而无望的状态，即抑郁、沮丧、消沉:
n. [C] [术语]（常指下雨引起的）低气压、气压降低:
n. [C] [正式] 平面上的坑、洼:
n. [U] 抑郁症:
n. [C, U] 经济的萧条期、衰退期、不景气:
depression |[dɪˈpreʃn]
There was a feeling of gloom and depression in the office when the news of the job cuts was announced. 裁员消息宣布时办公室里一片忧郁和沮丧的气氛。
I slid into a depression and became morbidly fascinated with death. 我陷入消沉，开始对死亡有种病态的迷恋。
I was in the depths of depression after receiving my exam results. 拿到考试结果我沮丧极了。
Rainwater collects in shallow depressions on the ground. 雨水积在地上的浅坑里。
an area pockmarked by rain-filled depressions 密布着雨水洼的地区 
The photos show a shallow depression on the planet's surface. 照片显示行星表面有一处浅浅的凹陷。
She suffered from severe depression after losing her job. 她失业后患了严重的抑郁症。
mild, minor depression 轻度抑郁；轻微抑郁 
moderate depression 中度抑郁 
manic depression 躁狂抑郁症 
post-natal, post-partum（美）depression 产后抑郁症 
The actor says he suffers frequent bouts of depression. 那位演员说他经常出现抑郁情绪。
In a fit of depression, she threw away all her books. 她一时抑郁，扔掉了自己所有的书。
A period of acute depression can sometimes follow childbirth. 分娩之后可能会有一段时间的急性抑郁期。
She fell into a black depression and refused to leave her room. 她变得极度抑郁，拒绝离开自己的房间。
She was diagnosed as having clinical depression. 她被诊断患有临床抑郁症。
His wife had left him and he was being treated for depression. 妻子离开了他，他正接受抑郁症治疗。
She was gradually coming out of her depression. 她正逐渐走出抑郁。
Bereavement can often lead to depression. 丧失亲人常会引发抑郁症。
a new drug used to treat depression 用于治疗抑郁症的新药 
Her depression has lifted now. 她的抑郁症现在痊愈了。
Depression affects a surprising number of people. 受抑郁症困扰者人数惊人。
He may have killed himself in depression. 他可能是在抑郁的状态中自杀的。
He's been off work for months with depression. 他患有抑郁症，已经几个月没有工作了。
The onset of depression often follows a traumatic event. 抑郁症发作常常是在造成心理创伤的事件之后。
He was in a state of acute depression. 他急性抑郁症正在发作。
She had been receiving medical treatment for depression. 她一直在接受抑郁症治疗。
The country was in the grip of (an) economic depression. 当时国家处于经济萧条期。
the great Depression of the 1930s 20世纪30年代的经济大萧条 
The housing market has gone into depression. 房地产市场陷入了萧条期。
The depression seems to be deepening. 萧条状况开来正在加剧。

anxiety for sth 强烈想要去做某事或想要某事发生的一种心情，即渴望:
n. 1 [U] anxiety (about/over sth) 感到紧张或担心坏事将要发生的一种心理状态，即焦虑，忧虑:
2 [C] 对某事的担忧、担心或害怕:
anxiety |[æŋɡ'zaɪətɪ]
the candidate’s anxiety to win the vote 候选人对选举胜利的渴望 
the people’s anxiety for the war to end 人民对结束战争的渴望
the high level of anxiety created by entering a new environment 进入新环境产生的高度焦虑 
A lot of anxiety surrounds the issue of human cloning. 人们对克隆人的问题很担忧。
anxiety dream 焦虑梦（由于焦虑而做的梦）
There are anxieties over the effects of unemployment. 对于失业后果有种种担忧。
If you’re worried about your health, share your anxieties with your doctor. 你要是担心自己的健康，就把你的忧虑告诉医生吧。

adj. [只用于名词前] 精英的、精锐的、最优秀的:
n. [C] 社会的精英阶层（即财富、智商等较高的阶层）:
elite |[eɪˈli:t;ɪˈli:t]
an elite group of senior officials 一批出类拔萃的高级官员 
an elite military academy 高级军官学校 
the elite troops of the President's bodyguard 精锐的总统卫队          
Public opinion is influenced by the small elite who control the media. 舆论为少数控制着新闻媒介的上层人士所左右。
In these countries, only the elite can afford an education for their children. 在这些国家里，只有上层人士才供得起子女上学。
a government comprised mainly of the elite 主要由精英组成的政府 
governing, power（尤美）, ruling elite 执政集团；权力集团；统治集团 
He was an influential member of the ruling elite. 他是统治集团中的权势人物。
powerful, privileged elite 权力阶层；特权阶层 
corrupt elite 腐败的上层精英 
educated elite 受过良好教育的精英 
landed, moneyed（尤美）, wealthy elite 地主精英阶层；有钱的精英阶层；富有的精英阶层 
metropolitan, urban elite 大都会精英；城市精英 
local, national elite 地方精英；国家精英 
foreign elite 国外精英 
Western elite 西方精英 
black, white elite 黑人精英；白人精英 
conservative, liberal elite 保守派精英；自由派精英 
technocratic elite 技术官僚精英 
business, corporate, cultural, economic, intellectual, media, military, political, professional, secular, social elite 商界精英；企业精英；文化精英；经济精英；知识分子精英；传媒界精英；军界精英；政界精英；职业精英；世俗化精英；社会精英 
We have a political elite in this country. 我们国家有一群政治精英。
These people form an elite who have the power to make decisions. 这些人构成了有决策权的精英集团。
a club for members of the business elite 商界精英俱乐部 
a member of the intellectual elite 知识界的精英

adj. 利用自己的权力或权威对别人施加不公平或残暴的行为的，即残暴的:
adj.（人、政府或组织）暴君的、残暴的、专横的、专制的:
adj. 利用自己的权力或权威对别人施加不公平或残暴的行为的，即残暴的:
tyrannical |[tɪˈrænɪkl]
one of the world's most oppressive and tyrannical regimes. 世上最压迫人、最专制的政权之一 
Tyrannical Hollywood film moguls ruled their stars' lives. 好莱坞电影巨头操纵着旗下明星的生活。
He killed his tyrannical father with a blow to the head. 他冲着暴戾的父亲的头部猛击了一下，把他打死了。
His behavior grew more unpredictable by the day, and increasingly tyrannical. 他的行为越来越难以捉摸，而且愈发残暴。   
He killed his tyrannical father with a blow to the head. 他冲着暴戾的父亲的头部猛击了一下，把他打死了。
His behavior grew more unpredictable by the day, and increasingly tyrannical. 他的行为越来越难以捉摸，而且愈发残暴。
one of the world's most oppressive and tyrannical regimes 世上最压迫人、最专制的政权之一
one of the world's most oppressive and tyrannical regimes. 世上最压迫人、最专制的政权之一

substitute for sb/sth 代替其他人或事物；用某人或某事物来取代其他人或事物。与replace相比，replace仅为及物动词:
n. [C] substitute (for sb/sth) 用以代替你通常所使用（或所拥有）的一个人或事物，即替代者、替代物:
n. [C] 也可用非正式的sub，一场体育比赛中的一名替补运动员（其代替其他人出场）:
vt.＆vi. 在体育比赛中“替补”出场:
substitute |['sʌbstɪtju:t]
vt.＆vi. substitute A (for B) 
substitute B (with/by A) 
Nothing can substitute for the advice your doctor is able to give you. 大夫所能给你的忠告是无可替代的。
Margarine can be substituted for butter in this recipe. 做这道菜可以用人造黄油代替黄油。
Beckham was substituted in the second half after a knee injury. 下半场贝克汉姆膝盖受伤被换下。
meat substitute 肉的替代品 
Paul’s father only saw him as a substitute for his dead brother. 保罗的父亲只是把他当作他死去的哥哥来看待。
substitute family 收养家庭 
substitute teacher（美）代课老师 
The course teaches you the theory but there’s no substitute for practical experience. 这门课教的是理论，但没有任何东西能代替实践经验。
The local bus service was a poor substitute for their car. 他们坐当地的公交车，这比坐自己的汽车可差远了。
The television is a poor substitute for human companionship. 用电视来代替人的陪伴是很糟糕的。
His teacher acted as a father substitute. 老师替代了他父亲的角色。
The company produces substitutes for engine oil. 这家公司生产机油的替代品。
There’s no substitute for hard work. 无论什么都代替不了努力工作。
He was brought on as (a) substitute after half-time. 他作为替补队员在下半场上场。
He was substituted in the second half after a knee injury. 他在下半场因膝盖受伤被换下。
