vulnerable						脆弱的，易受影响的
turn over						翻，空转，移交，考虑
criticize						批评，评论
reserved						矜持的
in consequence					因此
inclined						有愿望的，有倾向的，有天赋的
reserve						储备，保护区，拘谨，预订
open up						开门，变宽，发展
curious						好奇的
nature						本质，自然
veteran						老兵
bore							钻，挖，口径，讨厌
detect						查明，发现
attach						固定，附属
quality						质量，性质，优质
appear						出现，显得，出版，出庭
come about						发生，转向
college						学院，大学，协会
unjustly						不公平的
accuse						指责，指控
politician						政治家
privy							知情的，茅房
grief							悲伤，麻烦
wild							野生的，放荡的，狂怒的，极棒的
unsought						未经请求的
feign							假装
preoccupation					全神贯注
hostile						不友善的，反对的，不利的，敌人的
levity						轻率
unmistakable					不会弄错的
intimate						亲密的，详尽的，暗示
revelation						披露
quiver						发抖，颤抖
horizon						地平线，范围
plagiaristic					抄袭的
mar							破坏
suppression					镇压，封锁，克制
snobbish						势利的
decency						得体，正派，礼仪
parcel						包裹
parcel out						分配
unequally						不公平的
\\\\\\\\

adj. ~ (to sb/sth) 精神上脆弱的、易受伤害的:
adj. 1 ~ (to sb/sth) 身体或精神上脆弱的、易受伤害的、易患病的:
2 ~ (to sb/sth) 事物脆弱的:
adj. ~ (to sb/sth) 身体上脆弱的、易受伤害的、易患病的:
vulnerable |[ˈvʌlnərəbl]
emotionally, psychologically vulnerable 情感上脆弱；心理上脆弱 
She is very sensitive and rather vulnerable. 她非常敏感，而且相对脆弱。
He smiled, making her suddenly feel oddly vulnerable. 他微微一笑，让她突然感觉自己莫名其妙地脆弱起来。
You must try not to appear vulnerable. 你千万不要显得软弱好欺负。
She looked very vulnerable standing there on her own. 她独自站在那里，看上去弱不禁风。
In cases of food poisoning, young children are especially vulnerable. 遇到食物中毒，幼儿尤其容易受危害。
People with high blood pressure are especially vulnerable to diabetes. 有高血压的人尤其易患糖尿病。
The virus attacks the immune system, leaving your body vulnerable to infections. 这种病毒攻击人的免疫系统，使身体容易受到各种感染。
Plants that are growing vigorously are less likely to be vulnerable to disease. 生命力强的植物不容易得病。
Hippos are uniquely vulnerable to drought. 河马特别受不了干旱。
emotionally, psychologically vulnerable 情感上脆弱；心理上脆弱 
She is very sensitive and rather vulnerable. 她非常敏感，而且相对脆弱。
He smiled, making her suddenly feel oddly vulnerable. 他微微一笑，让她突然感觉自己莫名其妙地脆弱起来。
You must try not to appear vulnerable. 你千万不要显得软弱好欺负。
Old people are particularly vulnerable members of our society. 老年人是社会中尤为明显的弱势群体。
 These offices are highly vulnerable to terrorist attack. 这些办公室极易受到恐怖分子的袭击。
Their tanks would be vulnerable to attack from the air. 他们的坦克易受到空袭。
a table showing which cars are most vulnerable to theft. 易被盗车辆一览表 
economically, militarily, politically vulnerable 经济上脆弱；军事上脆弱；政治上脆弱 
The company is in an economically vulnerable position. 该公司目前经济状况不稳定。
The sudden resignation of the financial director put the company in a very vulnerable position. 财务部主任的突然辞职使得这家公司岌岌可危。          
She looked very vulnerable standing there on her own. 她独自站在那里，看上去弱不禁风。
In cases of food poisoning, young children are especially vulnerable. 遇到食物中毒，幼儿尤其容易受危害。
People with high blood pressure are especially vulnerable to diabetes. 有高血压的人尤其易患糖尿病。
The virus attacks the immune system, leaving your body vulnerable to infections. 这种病毒攻击人的免疫系统，使身体容易受到各种感染。
Plants that are growing vigorously are less likely to be vulnerable to disease. 生命力强的植物不容易得病。
Hippos are uniquely vulnerable to drought. 河马特别受不了干旱。
Old people are particularly vulnerable members of our society. 老年人是社会中尤为明显的弱势群体。

vt.&vi. ~ sb/sth (for sth) 批评、批判、指责、挑剔:
vt. [英] 评判某事物的质量之好坏:
criticize |[ˈkrɪtɪsaɪz]
The decision was criticized by environmental groups. 这个决定受到了环保团体的批评。
The government has been criticized for not taking the problem seriously. 政府因没有认真对待这个问题而受到指责。
All you ever do is criticize! 你就知道批评！
His mother had rarely criticized him or any of her children. 他母亲很少指责他或她的任何孩子。
The minister criticised the police for failing to come up with any leads. 部长批评警方没能找到任何线索。
She has openly criticized the government. 她公开批评政府。
Their record on human rights has been justifiably criticized. 他们的人权状况受到了公正的批评。
She criticized the system for being secretive. 她批评该体制不公开。
The law was widely criticized as racist. 那条法律被认为有种族主义问题，广受批评。
The movie was criticized on the grounds that it glorified violence. 那部电影因颂扬暴力而受到批评。
We were taught how to criticize poems. 我们学习了怎样评论诗歌。

adj.（人或其性格）内向的、矜持的、寡言少语的:
adj.（餐厅的餐桌、剧院的座位等）预订的、预约的、保留的:
reserved |[rɪˈzɜ:vd;美rɪˈzɜ:rvd]
He was unemotional, quite quiet, and reserved. 他感情淡漠，沉默寡言，性格内敛。
Even though I'm quite a reserved person, I like meeting people. 我虽然性格极为内敛，但喜欢和人接触。
She seems very reserved. 她似乎很矜持。
his fairly reserved manner 他很拘谨的举止
Seats, or sometimes entire tables, were reserved. 一些散座，有时候是整桌，都被预订了。

adj. [名词前不可用] ~ (to do sth) 想要（做某事）:
adj. 倾斜的；成某个角度的:
adj. 与某些副词连用，表示有某种天赋；宁愿（或更喜欢）去做某事:
adj. 1 ~ to do sth 倾向于去做某事；很可能去做某事:
2 ~ to agree, believe, think, etc. 用于温和地表达意见，如倾向于同意（或相信、认为等）:
inclined |[ɪnˈklaɪnd]
She was inclined to trust him. 她愿意相信他。
Nobody felt inclined to argue with Smith. 没人愿意与史密斯争辩。
He writes only when he feels inclined to. 他只在想写作的时候才动笔写。
There's time for a swim if you feel so inclined. 你要是那么想游泳的话还是有时间的。
I'm rather inclined to wait a few days before deciding. 我很想在决定之前再等上几天。
Advertising aims to make people feel favourably inclined towards products.（英）广告的目的是让人们对产品产生好感。
Advertising aims to make people feel favorably inclined toward products.（美）广告的目的是让人们对产品产生好感。
musically inclined children 有音乐天赋的儿童 
Bratby's grandfather had been artistically inclined. 布拉特比的祖父很有艺术天分。
the needs of academically inclined pupils 对在学术上有天赋的学生的需求 
children who are mathematically inclined 有数学天赋的孩子
He's inclined to be lazy. 他喜欢偷懒。
He was inclined to self-pity. 他总是自怜自叹。
She's rather inclined to become impatient. 她特别容易不耐烦。
They are less inclined to ask questions. 他们不怎么提问。
people who are naturally inclined to melancholy（to为正式用法）生性忧郁的人 
I didn't know you were that way inclined(= interested in such things).（that way inclined为非正式用法，尤英）我不知道你有那方面的爱好。
They'll be more inclined to listen if you don't shout. 你要是不大声嚷叫，他们会更愿意倾听。
The club was a notorious hang-out for the criminally inclined. 这家俱乐部臭名昭著，是不法之徒频繁出没的场所。
I'm inclined to agree with you. 我倾向于同意你的观点。
I'm half inclined to agree with you. 你的观点我有一半是赞同的。
I am inclined to think that the ancient Greeks understood this better than we do. 我倾向于认为古希腊人对此比我们了解的更多。

n. [U] 指一个人不轻易向其他人谈论自己的想法、感情等的一种性格，即内向，矜持，与reticence近义:
vt. reserve sth (for sb/sth) 保留看法:
n. [U] 直到非常确定…是对的，才接受或同意…，即谨慎，是一种正式用法:
n. [C] 常用复数，表示储备或储藏:
vt. reserve sth (for sb/sth) 保留…，以使其不被其他人（或不因其它理由而被）使用:
n. [C] 为北美的土著人划出的居留地，保留地，也可用reservation，二者未见明显差别:
n. [C] 常用复数，表示储备或储藏:
vt. reserve sth (for sb/sth) 保留…，以使其不被其他人（或不因其它理由而被）使用:
n. [C] 体育运动的替补队员或后备队员；the reserves为复数名词，指替补队或后备队:
n. [C] 英国英语中还指卖家能接受的最低价格，尤指在拍卖中的最低价:
n. [C] 常用复数，（资源、货币或黄金的）储备:
vt. 1 reserve sth (for sb/sth) 预订座位、席位、房间等。相当于book:
2 reserve sth (for sb/sth) 保留…，以使其不被其他人（或不因其它理由而被）使用:
n. [C] the reserve或the reserves也指军事中的预备役部队:
vt. 持有或保留某种权利:
n. [C] 北美也用preserve，因动植物等而受保护的一片区域，即自然保护区:
reserve |[rɪ'zə:v][rɪ'zə:v]
She found it difficult to make friends because of her natural reserve. 她因天性矜持而很难交到朋友。
I’d prefer to reserve (my) judgement until I know all the facts. 在了解全部事实之前我不想发表意见。
Any contract should be treated with reserve until it has been checked. 任何契约在经过核实之前都应谨慎对待。
She trusted him without reserve. 她完全信任他。
currency, gold, dollar reserve 货币储备；黄金储备；美元储备 
reserve funds, reserve account 储备金；准备金账户 
coal, energy, fuel reserve 煤炭储备；能源储备；燃料储备 
food, fat reserve 食物储备；脂肪储备 
reserve tanks 备用油箱 
The rail company has two trains in service and one in reserve. 这家铁路公司有两辆正在营运的列车和一辆备用列车。
The crack troops were held in reserve behind the front line. 精锐部队部署在前线后方。
It took my last reserves of strength and will to swim to the lifeboat. 我用尽了最后的力气和意志向救生艇游去。
She had hidden reserves of courage. 她内心蕴藏着勇气。
These seats are reserved for special guests. 这些座位是留给贵宾的。
The parking spaces are reserved for customers. 这些停车位是供顾客使用的。
a ceremony normally reserved for heads of state 通常仅为国家元首举行的仪式
currency, gold, dollar reserve 货币储备；黄金储备；美元储备 
reserve funds, reserve account 储备金；准备金账户 
coal, energy, fuel reserve 煤炭储备；能源储备；燃料储备 
food, fat reserve 食物储备；脂肪储备 
reserve tanks 备用油箱 
The rail company has two trains in service and one in reserve. 这家铁路公司有两辆正在营运的列车和一辆备用列车。
The crack troops were held in reserve behind the front line. 精锐部队部署在前线后方。
It took my last reserves of strength and will to swim to the lifeboat. 我用尽了最后的力气和意志向救生艇游去。
She had hidden reserves of courage. 她内心蕴藏着勇气。
These seats are reserved for special guests. 这些座位是留给贵宾的。
The parking spaces are reserved for customers. 这些停车位是供顾客使用的。
a ceremony normally reserved for heads of state 通常仅为国家元首举行的仪式
to play in reserve（英）做替补队员 
reserve team 替补队 
reserve goalkeeper（英）替补守门员
capital, cash, currency, foreign-exchange, gold reserve 资本储备；现金储备；货币储备；外汇储备；黄金储备 
dollar reserve 美元储备 
reserve funds 储备金 
reserve account 准备金账户 
energy, oil reserve 能源储备；石油储备
to reserve a table for two 预订一个二人桌位 
to reserve a room in the name of Tom 以汤姆的名字预订一个房间 
These seats are reserved for special guests. 这些座位是留给贵宾的。
The star has a ski slope reserved exclusively for her. 这位明星有一个专门留给她的滑雪场地。
The parking spaces are reserved for customers. 这些停车位是给顾客预留的。
air-force, army, naval reserve 空军预备役；陆军预备役；海军预备役 
strategic reserve 战略预备役部队 
reserve army, reserve force, reserve police 后备军；预备役部队；后备警察部队 
reserve unit 预备役分队 
reserve officer, reserve troops 预备役军官；预备役部队 
reserve duty 预备役
The management reserves the right to refuse admission. 管理部门有权拒绝接收。
All rights reserved.（法律用语）版权所有。
national reserve 国家级保护区 
bird（英）, forest, marine, natural, nature, wildlife reserve 鸟类保护区；森林保护区；海洋保护区；自然保护区；野生动植物保护区

curious (to do sth) 有强烈的欲望去了解某事物的，即好奇的，相当于inquisitive:
adj. curious (that ...) 奇怪且不寻常的。但不如strange常用:
curious |['kjʊərɪəs]
adj. curious (about sth) 
I was curious to find out what she had said. 我真想弄清楚她说了些什么。
Everyone was curious as to why Mark was leaving. 马克为什么要离去，大家都感到好奇。
to make me curious 使我感到好奇 
a curious boy 好奇心强的男孩子 
Puppies are naturally curious. 小狗天生好奇。
a curious feeling 奇特的感觉 
a slightly curious statement 有点儿奇怪的陈述 
It was curious that she didn’t tell anyone. 她没有告诉任何人，这很反常。

n. [C, U] 指人或动物通过行为所表现出来的性格，即本性、天性:
n. [sing.] 事物的本质、性质、基本特征:
adj. -natured 用于构成形容词，指有…性情的:
n. [sing.] 种类、类型:
adj. -natured 用于构成形容词，指有…本性的:
n. 1 [U] 世界上一切非人造的动植物或其他事物，即自然界、大自然:
2 [U] 在物理世界中事件发生的方式，非人为控制的方式，即自然方式:
nature |['neɪtʃə]
He is optimistic by nature. 他天性乐观。
his ambitious nature 他雄心勃勃的个性 
good nature 善良的性格 
human nature 人的本性 
a vicious side to his nature 他性格中暴虐的一面
I’m not clear about the exact nature of their relationship. 我不清楚他们的确切关系。
limited nature 局限性 
seasonal nature 季节性 
uncertain nature 不确定性 
the subjective nature of perception 感知的主观性 
abstract nature 抽象性 
complex nature 复杂性 
the dual nature of man as a physical and spiritual being 人作为肉体和精神存在的双重性 
the sensitive nature of the case 案件的敏感性 
practical nature 实用性 
Their problems are of an economic nature. 他们的问题是经济问题。
competitive nature 竞争性 
the nature of the task 任务的性质 
the true nature of the world 世间的真谛 
physical, sexual nature 身体特征；性特征 
the true nature of the mountain 这座山的真实特点
a good-natured girl 脾气好的女孩
books of a scientific nature 科学书籍 
You should prepare for the happening of things of this nature. 你应该为这类事情的发生做好准备。
to draw inspiration from nature 从大自然中汲取灵感 
Mother Nature 大自然 
to get back to nature 回归大自然 
man-made substances not found in nature 自然界中找不到的人造材料 
nature conservation 自然保护 
nature reserve 自然保护区 
nature lover 热爱大自然的人 
beauty in nature 大自然的美 
the laws of nature 自然规律 
the force of nature 自然力 
Let nature take its course. 顺其自然。

n. [C]（也可用美式非正式的vet）（尤指经历过战争的）老兵、老战士:
n. [C] 在某一领域经验极其丰富的一个人:
veteran |[ˈvetərən]
combat（尤美）, war veteran 经历过战争的老兵 
army, military, navy veteran 陆军老兵；退伍军人；海军老兵 
decorated veteran（尤美）佩戴勋章的老兵 
battle-hardened veteran 久经沙场的老兵 
retired veteran 退伍老兵 
disabled, wounded veteran 伤残的老兵；受伤的老兵 
returning veteran（尤美）返乡的老兵 
Vietnam, World War Two veteran 参加过越战的老兵；参加过二战的老兵 
Were veterans honoured and adequately rewarded for their sacrifice? 付出牺牲的老兵得到尊重和应有的回报了吗?
veterans who served in Vietnam 参加过越战的老兵 
Veterans returned to heroes' welcomes. 老兵回家时受到了英雄般的欢迎。
a veteran of World War Two 参加过二战的老兵 
They approved a $1.1 billion package of pay increases for the veterans of the Persian Gulf War. 他们通过了对参加过波斯湾战争的老兵增发共计11亿美元的一揽子提案。
He is now a grizzled veteran of TV shows. 他现在头发斑白，是位资深的电视节目主持人。
He's a seasoned veteran of the political establishment. 他是位经验丰富的政坛老手。
wily veteran 诡计多端的老手 
an eight-year veteran of the New York Yankees 在纽约扬基队打了八年球的老队员 
industry veteran 业界老手 
veteran campaigner, veteran leader, veteran politician 资深的活动家；经验丰富的领袖；资深政治人物 
veteran broadcaster, veteran reporter 资深播音员；资深记者 
veteran actor, veteran director 经验丰富的演员；资深导演 
veteran defender, veteran pitcher, veteran player, veteran quarterback 经验丰富的防守队员；经验丰富的投球手；经验丰富的球员；经验丰富的四分卫 
a veteran of numerous political campaigns 多次参加政治运动的老手 
the veteran British actor, Sir Richard Attenborough 英国资深演员理查德·阿滕伯勒爵士 
Tony Benn, the veteran Labour MP and former Cabinet minister 托尼·本，一位经验丰富的工党下院议员和前内阁部长

vt.（尤指因啰唆）使某人感到厌烦:
n. 1 [C] 一个非常令人厌烦的人（常由于话多）:
2 [sing.] 烦人的情况或事情:
vi. ~ into sb/sth（眼睛）令被盯者不舒服地盯着看:
n. [C] 在一年中的特定时候，海水涌入江河的一股强而高的海浪，可称为涌潮、激潮:
n. [C]（美式也尤用gauge）管道（如枪炮的管道）的宽度，即内径、口径:
vt.&vi. ~ (into/through sth) 用工具弄出一个深长的孔洞，如钻、凿、挖:
n. 1 [C]（美式也尤用gauge）管道（如枪炮）的中空的孔:
2 [C]（也可用borehole）在地下打出的一个深孔（尤指为了找水或石油）:
bore |[bɔ:(r)]
I'm not boring you, am I? 我没有让你厌烦吧，是不是？
Has he been boring you with his stories about his trip? 他是不是用他旅游的见闻在烦你？
Dickie bored him all through the meal with stories of the Navy. 迪基吃饭时一直在讲海军的故事，让他不胜其烦。
Life in the country bores me. 乡村生活令我生厌。
I'm very easily bored. 我很容易感到厌倦。
I won't bore you with too many details. 我不会拿太多细节来烦你。
That lecture bored me to tears! 那个讲座让我烦得要命！
There is every reason why I shouldn't enjoy his company — he's a bore and a fool. 我有充分的理由不愿和他在一起 —— 他又乏味又愚笨。
Her husband is a crashing bore. 她的丈夫是个讨厌鬼。
It's such a bore having to stay late this evening. 今天晚上非得熬夜，真是烦人。
It's a bore to be sick, and the novelty of lying in bed all day wears off quickly. 生病是件烦人的事，整天躺在床上的新鲜劲很快就没了。
It's a real bore having to meet my aunt for lunch. 要见婶婶并和她一起吃午饭，真是很烦人。
His blue eyes seemed to bore into her. 他的一双蓝眼睛似乎要穿透她。
His eyes bored into her, paralysing her, robbing her of movement. 他双眼凝视着她，令她全身瘫软，不能动弹。
Her eyes seemed to bore a hole in mine. 她的目光似乎要把我的眼睛看穿。
a twelve-bore shotgun 一支十二口径猎枪
The drill is strong enough to bore through solid rock. 这把钻足以钻透坚固的岩石。
to bore a hole in sth 在某物体上挖个洞 
Get the special drill bit to bore the correct-size hole for the job. 做这个活儿要拿个特殊的钻头来钻个大小合适的孔。
a tube with a wide bore 内径宽的管子 

vt. 侦测、发现、查明某事（尤指难以发现或查明的事）:
vt. 觉察、发觉（难以发觉的…）:
detect |[dɪˈtekt]
The tests are designed to detect the disease early. 这些检查旨在早期查出疾病。
Some cancers can now be cured if they are detected early. 现在有些癌症如果能早期发现是可以治愈的。
an instrument that can detect small amounts of radiation 能检测微量辐射的仪器 
Some substances can be detected fairly easily. 有些物质可以相当容易地检测出来。
a machine that is sensitive enough to detect tiny amounts of explosives 灵敏度足以检测出微量炸药的机器 
The test failed to detect any illegal substances. 检验未能检出任何非法物质。
a means of detecting sth 检测…的手段 
Arnold could detect a certain sadness in the old man's face. 阿诺德能觉察到老人脸上的一丝悲伤。
Do I detect a note of criticism? 这好像带有批评的口吻吧？

vt.＆vi. [正式] attach to sb/sth 与某人或某事物有联系；把某事物与另一事物关联起来:
vt. attach sth (to sth) 把一个事物附在（如固定在、连接在等）另一个事物上:
vt. attach yourself to sb（有时不受欢迎或未受邀请而）主动和某人待一段时间，如缠着:
vt. attach sth (to sth) 把一个事物固定在另一个事物上:
vt. attach importance, significance, value, weight, etc. (to sth) 认为某事重要（或值得考虑）:
attach |[ə'tætʃ]
No one is suggesting that any health risks attach to this product. 没有人指出这款产品可能会危害健康。
This does not attach any blame to you. 这事你一点责任也没有。
Attach the coupon to the front of your letter. 把优惠券附在信的正面。
I attach a copy of my notes for your information. 我附上笔记一份供你参考。
I attach a copy of the spreadsheet (= send it with an email). 我随电子邮件附上电子表格一份。
He attached the rope securely to a tree. 他把绳子牢牢地系在树上。
They have attached a number of conditions to the agreement.（比喻用法）他们在协议上附加了一些条件。
He attached himself to me at the party and I couldn’t get rid of him. 在聚会上他老是缠着我，我简直无法摆脱他。
He attached the rope securely to a tree. 他把绳子牢牢地系在树上。
I attach great importance to this research. 我认为这项研究十分重要。

n. [C, U] 事物的特征、特色，尤指使事物区别于别者的特征、特色:
n. [U, C] 事物的质量或品质:
n. [C] 人的品质，尤指好的品质，素质:
n. [C] 英式英语中可指供有品味者阅读的高端报纸:
n. 1 [U, C] 商品或服务的质量或品质:
2 [U] 高标准，即优质，上乘，相当于excellence:
adj. 1 只作前置定语，尤用于销售产品或服务时说…是质量好的，高质量的:
2 英国俚语可指非常好的，棒极了:
n. [U] 高标准，即优质，上乘，相当于excellence:
quality |['kwɒlɪtɪ]
the special quality of light and shade in her paintings 她绘画中的明暗特征 
aesthetic, artistic, literary quality 美学特征；艺术特征；文学特征 
feminine, star quality 女性特质；明星般的气质 
The music gives the movie a dreamlike quality. 音乐赋予这部电影一种梦幻般的感觉。
product, service quality 产品质量；服务质量 
audio, image, video quality 音频质量；图像质量；视频质量 
air, water, food quality 空气质量；水质；食品质量 
quality control, quality assurance, quality standards 质量控制；质量保证；质量标准 
quality of life 生活质量（或生活品质）
physical quality 身体素质
personal qualities such as honesty and generosity 诚实、慷慨等个人品质 
moral, spiritual quality 道德品质；精神素养 
leadership quality 领导素质 
I found him thoroughly unpleasant, with no redeeming qualities whatsoever. 我觉得他一点儿也不讨人喜欢，没有任何可取之处。
product, service quality 产品质量；服务质量 
food quality 食品质量 
goods of a high quality 优质商品 
top-quality ingredients 上乘的选材 
quality control 质量控制 
quality assurance 质量保证 
quality standards 质量标准 
to provide quality at reasonable prices 以合理的价格提供优质商品
We specialize in quality furniture. 我们专营高档家具。
quality service at a competitive price 质优价廉的服务 
‘What was the film like?’ ‘Quality!’ “这部电影怎么样？”“棒极了！”
contemporary writers of quality 当代的优秀作家 
We aim to provide quality at reasonable prices. 我们的宗旨是质量上乘、价格合理。

linking verb. 给予是（或做）…的印象，即似乎，看起来，显得，相当于seem:
vi. 到达一个地方:
vi. 1 开始被看到，如出现。是一个常规用词:
2 开始存在；开始被知晓；开始被首次使用:
vi. 参加电影、戏剧、电视节目等的演出:
vi.（节目）将被播报:
vi.（书籍）将被出版:
vi.（内容）将被刊登:
vi. 1 出庭（作证或受审）:
2 appear for/on behalf of sb 在法庭上做某人的律师:
vi. 将在某处被写道或被提及:
appear |[ə'pɪə]
He appears a perfectly normal person. 他看上去完全是个正常的人。
She appeared to be in her late thirties. 看样子她快四十岁了。
They appeared not to know what was happening. 他们似乎不知道正在发生的事。
There appears to have been a mistake. 看来有一个差错。
It appears unlikely that interest rates will fall further. 看来利率不大会再降低。
By ten o’clock Lee still hadn’t appeared. 到十点钟李仍然没有露面。
Smoke appeared on the horizon. 地平线上升起了烟。
A man suddenly appeared in the doorway. 一个男子突然出现在门口。
Symptoms usually appear within two days. 症状通常在两天内出现。
When did mammals appear on the earth? 地球上的哺乳动物起源于何时？
This problem first appeared in the inner cities. 这个问题最初在市区中心出现。
A new product have recently appeared on the market. 最近市场上出现了一款新产品。
He appears briefly in the movie as a waiter. 他在这部电影中出演一位戏份很少的服务员。
She is currently appearing at the Playhouse. 她目前正在剧院演出。
She regularly appears on television. 她经常上电视。
His new book will be appearing in the spring. 他的新书将于春季出版。
to prevent the story from appearing in the national newspapers 阻止全国性报纸刊登这件事
A man will appear in court today charged with the murder. 一名被控犯谋杀罪的男子今天将出庭受审。
He has been asked to appear as a witness for the defence. 他已被传唤出庭为被告作证。
to appear before a court, to appear before a judge 出庭；出庭受审 
He is the lawyer appearing for the defendant. 他作为被告的辩护律师出庭。
Your name will appear at the front of the book. 你的名字将出现在书的前页。

n. [C, U] 常用于名称中，指由拥有特殊兴趣、职责或影响力的一群专业人士所组成的一个组织，即协会，学会:
n. [C] college中的教师和（或）学生:
n. 1 [C, U] 常用于名称，英国的职业技术学院（即在学生接受完中学的义务教育后所进入并学习技能的地方）:
2 [C, U] 常用于名称，美国的大学（相当于university）:
3 [C, U] [加]（上完中学后所进入的）高等专科学校或高等职业学院:
4 [C, U] 一些英国大学（如牛津、剑桥）中的一个学院:
5 [C] 美国一些大型综合性大学的一个学院:
6 [C] 尤用于名称中，指英国和其他一些国家的中学，公学，尤指必须交费的中学:
college |['kɒlɪdӡ]
the American College of Cardiology 美国心脏病研究学会
the Royal College of Art 皇家艺术学院 
military, police, technical college 军事学院；警察学院；技术学院 
agricultural, music, sports, veterinary college 农业专科学院；音乐专科学院；体育专科学院；兽医专科学院 
community, local college 社区大学；地方大学 
private college 私立大学 
Ivy League college（美）常春藤学院 
college campus 大学校园 
college loan 大学助学贷款 
She’s away at college in Virginia. 她去弗吉尼亚念大学了。
King’s College, Cambridge 剑桥大学的国王学院 
a college of education 教育学院 
the University of Florida College of Law 佛罗里达大学法学院 
the College of Arts and Sciences 文理学院 
college dormitory（美）学院宿舍 
Eton College 伊顿公学 
tutorial college（英）私立考试辅导学校

in a manner that is not in accordance with what is morally right and fair:以不符合道德正确和公平的方式
unjustly |ʌnˈdʒʌstli| Adverb/:不公正的,不公平
he was unjustly accused of being a spy:他被不公正地指控为间谍

vt. accuse sb (of sth) 指控某人犯罪，或指责其犯错或不义等:
accuse |[ə'kju:z]
to accuse sb of theft 控告某人盗窃 
He stands accused of murdering his wife. 他被控谋杀妻子。
She accused me of starting the fire! 她指控是我放的火！
They stand accused of crimes against humanity. (正式用法) 他们被控违反人道罪。
She accused him of lying. 她指责他说谎。
You couldn’t accuse him of being selfish. 你不能说他自私。
The government was accused of incompetence. 政府被指责无能。

n. [C] 组织内的投机钻营者，见风使舵者，为贬义:
n. 1 [C] 职业从政者，尤指政府成员。一般可指各层次的从政者，与statesman有一定交集，但statesman的褒义色彩比较浓厚，而politician此时为中性色彩:
2 [C] 政客，为贬义。politician还可扩展为组织内的投机钻营者，也含贬义:
politician |[pɒlɪ'tɪʃn][pɒlɪ'tɪʃn]
popular, senior politician 受欢迎的政治家；政治元老 
career, professional politician 职业政治家 
local politician 地方从政者 
left-wing politician 左翼政治家 
Republican politician 共和党从政者 
corrupt politician 腐败的政客 
to lobby politicians 游说政客

sharing in the knowledge of (something secret or private):分享（秘密或私人的）知识
hidden; secret:隐藏；6
a toilet located in a small shed outside a house or other building.:位于房屋或其他建筑物外的小棚内的厕所。
a person having a part or interest in any action, matter, or thing.:对任何行动、事项或事物有参与或利益的人。
privy |ˈprɪvi| Adjective/Noun/:私房,私人的
he was no longer privy to her innermost thoughts:他不再了解她内心深处的想法
a privy place:

n. 1 [U, C] ~ (over/at sth)（尤指因某人去世引起的）悲伤、悲痛、伤心:
2 [C, usually sing.] 伤心的事、悲痛之事:
n. [U] [非正式] 担心、忧虑:
grief |[gri:f]
She was overcome with grief when her husband died. 丈夫去世时她悲痛欲绝。
her grief for her dead husband 她的丧夫之痛 
They were able to share their common joys and griefs. 他们做到了同甘共苦。
a huge outpouring of national grief for the victims of the shootings 举国上下对枪击事件中的遇害者所表现出的万分悲痛之情 
Their grief soon gave way to anger. 他们的悲痛迅速转化为愤怒。
Her parents were stricken with grief. 她的父母悲痛欲绝。
They are still struggling to come to terms with their grief. 他们仍在努力克制他们的悲伤。
She understood my grief because she too had lost a child. 因为也曾失去孩子，所以她懂得我的伤痛。
He feels that he can't share his grief with anyone. 他觉得不能让任何人分担他的悲痛。
grief reaction 悲伤的反应 
Children can feel real grief at the loss of a pet. 小孩子会为失去宠物而十分悲伤。
a feeling/sense of grief 悲伤之情 
It was a grief to them that they had no children. 没有孩子是他们的一块心病。
I felt awkward at intruding on their private grief. 我为触到他们内心的伤心事而感到十分尴尬。           
He caused his parents a lot of grief. 他没少让父母操心。

adj. [非正式] wild about sb/sth 对某人或某事非常热情的，即狂热的。不如crazy常用，但比big常用:
adj. [非正式] 很好的；很高兴的；很令人激动的:
adj. 充满强烈感情的:
adj. 不合理的:
adj. 未仔细筹划的；不准确的:
adj.（动植物）野生的:
adj.（海洋）受到暴风雨或狂风影响的。强调海浪的狂野:
n. [pl.] the wilds可指一国之中远离城镇的偏远地区（该地人烟稀少）:
adj. 未仔细筹划的；不合理的；不准确的。容易与random混淆，但random强调在众多同类事物中进行选择或执行，而wild则指强调行为本身是胡乱进行的，而不强调行为对象的众多和类似性（虽然其对象有可能是众多的并类似的）:
n. [sing.] the wild可指非人类所控制的自然环境，即野外环境:
adj.（风景或土地）天然的，未受人类影响的（有时可叫做荒凉的或荒芜的，但并不专门表示荒凉或荒芜）:
adj.（天气或海洋）受到暴风雨或狂风影响的，相当于stormy，较为常用:
adj. 缺乏纪律或管控的:
wild |[waɪld]
She’s totally wild about him. 她对他简直着了迷。
I’m not wild about the idea. 我对这个想法不太感兴趣。
We had a wild time in New York. 我们在纽约玩得痛快极了。
a wild party 疯狂的聚会
wild laughter 开怀大笑 
The children are wild with joy. 孩子们欣喜若狂。
As George himself came on stage they went wild. 当乔治本人登上舞台的时候，他们都发狂了。
It makes me wild to see such waste. 看到这种浪费现象让我非常生气。
wild accusations 无端的指责 
He made a wild guess at the answer. 他胡乱猜了个答案。 
wild animals 野生动物 
wild rabbits 野兔 
wild flowers 野花
The sea was wild. 大海波涛汹涌。
They live on a farm somewhere out in the wilds.（比喻用法）他们住在边远地区的一个农场里。
the wilds of Alaska 阿拉斯加人烟稀少的地区
He made a wild guess at the answer. 他胡乱猜了个答案。
wild accusations 无端的指责
The bird is too tame now to survive in the wild. 这只鸟养得太温顺了，现在很难在野生环境中生存。
wild moorland 荒凉的高沼地 
a wild area of woods 一片荒芜的林地 
This is truly wild and unspoilt countryside. 这是真正天然，未遭破坏的乡村。
a wild night 暴风雨之夜 
The sea was wild. 大海波涛汹涌。
the wild weather 狂风暴雨的天气
The boy is wild and completely out of control. 这男孩缺乏管教，简直是无法无天。
He had a wild look in his eyes. 他的眼神很不安分。
He looked wild and dangerous. 他看上去很不安分，十分危险。
Her hair was rather wild. 她头发乱糟糟的。
let your imagination run wild 让想象自由驰骋

not searched for, requested, or desired:未搜索、未请求或不想要
unsought |ʌnˈsɔːt| Adjective/:不受欢迎的,不求之不得
an unsought pregnancy:意外怀孕

vt. [正式] 假装有某种感觉或态度、假装生病、假装疲倦等:
feign |[feɪn]
‘Who cares? ’ said Alex, feigning indifference. “有谁在乎？”亚历克斯装作若无其事地说。
He survived the massacre by feigning death. 他装死才在大屠杀中死里逃生。
One morning, I didn't want to go to school, and decided to feign illness. 有天早晨我不想上学，于是决定装病。

n. [U] 因沉浸于思考而造成的一种心情，如全神贯注:
n. [U] 因沉担忧某事而造成的一种心情，如心事重重；忧心忡忡:
n. [U, C] ~ (with sth) 长时间的思考；经常或长时间思考的事情:
preoccupation |[priˌɒkjuˈpeɪʃn;美-ˌɑ:k-]
It was hard for him to be aware of her; he kept sinking back into black preoccupation. 他很难意识到她的存在；他一直沉浸在沮丧中。
She spoke slowly, in a state of preoccupation. 她说话慢吞吞的，显得心事重重。
She found his preoccupation with money irritating. 她对他一心只想着钱感到很厌烦。
His current preoccupation is the appointment of the new manager. 他目前操心的是新经理的任命。
Karouzos's poetry shows a profound preoccupation with the Orthodox Church. 卡鲁佐斯的诗歌表明他对东正教的执着。
In his preoccupation with Robyn, Crook had neglected everything. 克鲁克一心想着罗宾，忽略了其他一切事情。
Their chief preoccupation was how to feed their families. 他们关注的主要事情是如何养家糊口。
his lifelong preoccupation with Chinese art forms 他对中国艺术形式的毕生专注 
our society's unhealthy preoccupation with women's bodies 我们社会对女性身体病态的迷恋 
By now this had become a major preoccupation for him. 现在这已成为他的当务之急。
his growing preoccupation with death 他对死亡越来越关注

adj. 1 ~ (to/towards sb/sth) 敌意的、敌对的:
2 [商业]（收购公司等的要约）不受（被购公司）欢迎的，即敌意的:
adj. ~ (to sth) 对某事强烈反对的:
adj. 属于敌军的:
adj.（情况、形势等）（对某事的发生或达成）有阻碍的、不利的:
hostile |[ˈhɒstaɪl;美ˈhɑ:stl;-taɪl]
The speaker got a hostile reception from the audience. 演讲人遭到了听众喝倒彩。
The audience gave him a downright hostile reception. 观众对他表现出了强烈的反感。
She was openly hostile towards her parents. 她公然对抗她的父母。
He was extremely hostile towards/toward her. 他偏要跟她过不去。
The West has gradually relaxed its hostile attitude to this influential state. 西方对这个颇具影响力的国家的敌视态度已逐渐缓和。
Drinking may make a person feel relaxed and happy, or it may make her hostile, violent, or depressed. 喝酒可能让人感到放松和愉快，也可能让人变得不友善、暴力或阴郁。
The prisoner eyed him in hostile silence. 犯人一言不发，用充满敌意的目光打量着他。
The experience has made him generally hostile to women. 这段经历使他对所有女性都产生了敌意。
They were reluctant to take any step that might be regarded as hostile. 他们不愿意采取任何可能被视为怀有敌意的行动。
a hostile takeover bid 出价敌意收购 
Kingfisher launched a hostile bid for Dixons. 翠丰集团对迪克森公司展开了恶意竞购。
hostile to the idea of change 强烈反对变革 
Many people were openly hostile to the idea. 很多人公开反对这一想法。
Many people felt he would be hostile to the idea of foreign intervention. 很多人觉得他会反对外国干预的主意。
He was deeply hostile to the idea of psychotherapy. 他非常反对心理治疗。
The press became uniformly hostile to the new administration. 新闻界开始一致反对新一届政府。
hostile territory 敌方领土 
The city is encircled by a hostile army. 该市被敌军包围了。
hostile conditions for plants to grow in 不利于植物生长的环境 
some of the most hostile climatic conditions in the world 世界上最恶劣的几种气候条件 
If this round of talks fails, the world's trading environment is likely to become increasingly hostile. 如果这一轮谈判破裂了，世界贸易环境可能会变得越来越糟糕。

the treatment of a serious matter with humour or lack of due respect:以幽默或缺乏应有的尊重处理严肃的事情
levity |ˈlɛvɪti| Noun/:轻浮,轻率
as an attempt to introduce a note of levity, the words were a disastrous flop:作为一种轻率的尝试，这些词是一个灾难性的失败

adj. 清楚明白的:
adj. 不会弄错的；确定无疑的:
unmistakable |[ˌʌnmɪˈsteɪkəbl]
Her accent was unmistakable. 她的口音是很明显的。
the unmistakable sound of gunfire 清清楚楚的枪炮声
He didn't give his name, but the voice was unmistakable. 他没留下姓名，但是那个声音是绝不会错的。
the unmistakable smell of marijuana drifted down 大麻的气味飘了下来，肯定不会弄错的 
The main symptom is a scarlet rash that's quite unmistakable. 主要症状是猩红热疹，这是确定无疑的。

adj. 个人隐私的（常指性方面的）:
adj.（地方或情形）宜于密切关系的；温馨的；便于发生性关系的:
adj.（事物间的联系）密切的、紧密的:
adj. ~ (with sb) [法律] 有性关系的、有恋爱关系的:
vt. ~ sth (to sb) [正式] 向某人间接透露你的所想所思或意图:
n. [C] 亲密的私人朋友:
adj.（人）关系亲密的:
adj.（知识）非常详尽且透彻的:
intimate |[ˈɪntɪmət]
The article revealed intimate details about his family life. 文章披露了他的家庭生活中的隐私。
I hate to interrupt your intimate conversation but we do have an assignment to discuss. 我实在不愿打断你们的私人谈话,但是我们确实有事要谈。
the most intimate parts of his body 他的身体的最隐私部位
an intimate restaurant 幽静温馨的餐厅 
He knew an intimate little bar where they would not be disturbed. 他知道一处适合幽会的小酒吧，他们在那里不会受到打扰。
an intimate candlelit dinner for two 温馨的二人烛光晚餐 
intimate atmosphere 温馨的气氛
an intimate connection between class and educational success 社会阶层和优良教育之间的密切联系 
an intimate connection between madness and wisdom 疯狂与智慧的密切关联 
France has kept the most intimate links with its former African territories. 法国与其前非洲属地一直保持着最密切的联系。
I just won't discuss my intimate relationships. 我就是不想讨论我的恋爱关系。
their intimate moments with their boyfriends 她们与男友共浴爱河的时刻
He has already intimated to us his intention to retire. 他已经向我们透露了他要退休的打算。
He went on to intimate that he was indeed contemplating a shake-up of the company. 他继续暗示他确实在考虑对公司进行一次大改组。
He had intimated to the French and Russians his readiness to come to a settlement. 他已经向法国人和俄国人暗示他愿意达成协议。
intimate friends 密友 
We're not on intimate terms with our neighbours. 我们和邻居来往不多。
an intimate knowledge of the English countryside 对英格兰乡村的透彻了解 
He surprised me with his intimate knowledge of Schopenhauer. 他对叔本华的深刻了解让我很吃惊。

~ (that…) 被曝光的（尤指秘密的或令人震惊的）真相:
2 [U, C] ~ (of sth) 对真相（或秘密）的揭露、披露:
n. [U, C] come as/be a revelation (to sb) 让人大开眼界；出乎意料；令人耳目一新:
n. [C, U]（上帝的）启示，即对上帝意旨的揭示，或揭示出的上帝意旨:
n. [U, C] come as/be a revelation (to sb) 出乎意料:
revelation |[ˌrevəˈleɪʃn]
sensational revelations about her private life 对她的私生活轰动性的揭露 
the seemingly everlasting revelations about his private life 对他的私生活看似没完没了的曝光 
the revelation that William had survived the initial attack 威廉在首次袭击中幸存下来的惊人内幕 
The company's financial problems followed the revelation of a major fraud scandal. 重大的欺诈丑闻被揭露之后，公司随之出现了财政问题。
following the revelation of his affair with a former secretary 在他和前秘书的私情被揭露之后 
new revelations concerning their private lives 对于他们私生活的最新披露 
Further revelations are expected. 人们期待着真相的进一步披露。
The embarrassing revelations came just hours before he was to make his speech. 就在他要作演讲之前几个小时，令人尴尬的内情被披露了。
Degas's work had been a revelation to her. 德加的作品曾经让她大开眼界。
To many members of her audience, these performances must have come as a revelation. 这些演出肯定会使她的许多观众大开眼界。
The noise, the buildings, the people, came as a revelation. 这里的噪音、建筑物和人都令人出乎意料。
The demonstration proved something of a revelation for our teachers. 这次示威从某种程度上说出乎我们老师的意料。
His acting ability was a revelation to us all. 他的表演才能令我们所有人惊讶。
There are no great revelations in the final chapter. 最后一章没有给人什么大的启示。
The whole system was based on divine revelation in the Scriptures. 整个体系都建立在《圣经》的神圣启示的基础之上。
He claimed to know these things by divine revelation. 他声称通过神的启示知道了这些事情。
He claimed to have had a revelation from God. 他声称从上帝那儿得到了自示。
The noise, the buildings, the people, came as a revelation. 这里的噪音、建筑物和人都令人出乎意料。
The demonstration proved something of a revelation for our teachers. 这次示威从某种程度上说出乎我们老师的意料。

vi. 轻微颤动、轻微抖动:
vi.（人或声音由于愤怒、恐惧、激动等）颤抖，发抖，打哆嗦:
n. [C] 让身体微颤的一种感情；身体部位的微颤:
n. [C] 箭筒、箭套、箭囊:
quiver |[ˈkwɪvə(r)]
Her lip quivered and then she started to cry. 她嘴唇微微一颤就哭了起来。
Her bottom lip quivered and big tears rolled down her cheeks. 她的下唇颤抖着，豆大的泪珠顺着面颊滚落下来。
Cooper arrived, quivering with rage. 库珀来了，气得直打哆嗦。
Mack made his voice quiver with fear on these last two words. 麦克说出最后这两个字时，吓得声音颤抖。
He felt a quiver of excitement run through him. 他觉得浑身上下都兴奋起来。
Jane couldn't help the quiver in her voice. 简不禁声音颤抖。

n. [sing.] the horizon可指地平线:
n. [C, usually pl.] （欲望、知识或兴趣的）范围，眼界:
horizon |[həˈraɪzn]
The sun sank below the horizon. 太阳落到了地平线下。
A ship appeared on the horizon. 一艘船出现在地平线上。
northern horizon 北方的地平线 
The sea stretched away to the distant/far horizon . 海平面伸到遥远的天际。
The captain scanned the horizon for any sign of other vessels. 船长仔细眺望海天相接处看是否有其他船只的踪影。
I watched the pale sun climb over the horizon. 我注视着苍白的太阳爬上地平线。
Land was still out of sight beyond the horizon. 天际之外仍然看不见陆地的踪影。
A cloud of dust on the horizon announced the arrival of the cavalry. 天边扬起的尘土宣告骑兵的到来。
The moon was rising over the horizon. 月亮从地平线上冉冉升起。
She wanted to travel to broaden her horizons. 她想旅行，以开阔眼界。
The company needs new horizons now. 公司现在需要开拓新的领域。
As your horizons expand, these new ideas can give a whole new meaning to life. 随着眼界不断开阔，这些新观念会为生活赋予全新的意义。
By embracing other cultures and genres, we actually broaden our horizons, rather than narrow any existing ones. 通过接纳其他文化和体裁，我们实际上拓宽了领域，而不是让现有的范围变得狭窄。
cultural, intellectual, musical, political horizon 文化视野；知识视野；音乐视野；政治视野 
Her trips to Asia have broadened her cultural horizons. 亚洲之行开阔了她的文化视野。
It is hoped that the course will open up new horizons for students. 这门课程的目的是为学生开拓新的视野。
Their horizons were limited to events within the town community. 他们的眼界只局限于本镇的事情。
His horizons didn't stretch beyond his next game. 他的心思里只有下一场比赛。
They had become aware of possibilities beyond their own limited horizons. 他们已经开始意识到还有他们想象以外的一些可能性。


plagiaristic |pleɪdʒəˈrɪstɪk| Adjective/:抄袭,剽窃

impair the quality or appearance of; spoil:损害产品的质量或外观；宠坏
mar |mɑː| Verb/:马尔,三月
violence marred a number of New Year celebrations:violence破坏了许多新年庆祝活动

n. [U] 压制、抑制:
n. [U] 镇压:
suppression |[səˈpreʃn]
the suppression of emotion 对感情的抑制
the suppression of a rebellion 对反叛的镇压 
He was injured in the bloody suppression of the uprising. 他在对起义的血腥镇压中受了伤。
brutal, ruthless, iolent suppression 残酷镇压；无情镇压；暴力镇压

relating to, characteristic of, or like a snob:与势利小人有关、有其特征或类似势利小人
snobbish |ˈsnɒbɪʃ| Adjective/:势利,势利的
the writer takes a rather snobbish tone:作者的语气相当势利

n. 1 [U] 符合社会道德规范并表现出对他人的尊重的一种正直、得体的行为:
2 [pl.] [正式] the decencies 指社会上为人们所接受的行为标准，如礼仪、行为准则:
decency |[ˈdi:snsi]
Her behaviour showed a total lack of common decency. 她的举止显示她连起码的礼节都不懂。
Unfortunately, on Friday night he showed neither decency nor dignity. 不幸的是，周五晚上他表现得既不得体，也不庄重。
His sense of decency forced him to resign. 他顾及颜面，不得不辞了职。
Have you no sense of decency? 你礼貌都不懂吗？
He might have had the decency to apologize. 他其实应该道个歉的。
He might have had the decency to let us know. 他本该出于礼貌通知我们一下。
Nobody had the decency to inform me of what was planned. 竟然没有一个人最起码地通知我一声计划了些什么。
moral decency 道德风尚 
standards of decency 行为准则 
Your conduct is an affront to public decency. 你的行为有伤风化。
the basic decencies of civilized society 文明社会的基本行为准则

vt. [尤英] parcel sth (up) 将…打包，包裹起来，放进邮包等:
n. [C] [尤英] 包裹着的食品:
n. [C] 一块土地，一片土地。不过极不常用:
n. [C] [尤英] [美常用package] 由纸或厚信封所包起来的某东西（以通过邮递、携带等方式来寄送，或作为礼物送给别人），即包裹:
parcel |['pɑːsl]
She parcelled up the books to send. 她把要寄走的书包了起来。
neat parcel 整齐的小食包 
pasta parcel 面食包
50 five-acre parcels have already been sold. 五英亩一块的土地已经售出50块。
clothing, food parcel 衣物包裹；食物包裹 
brown-paper parcel 牛皮纸包裹 
gift-wrapped parcel 礼品式包装的包裹 
parcel bomb（英）邮包炸弹 
There’s a parcel for you. 有你一个包裹。
She was carrying a parcel of books under her arm. 她腋下夹着一包书。


unequally |ʌnˈiːkwəli| Adverb/:不平等,不平等的
