carrier							运输公司，运输工具
manuscript							手抄本，手稿
fine								罚款，极好的
impart								传授，传达，带来
advise								劝告，建议
recede								后退，渐渐远去，相后倾斜，变得模糊
economic							经济学的，经济的，有利可图的
bulletin							简要新闻，公告
formula							惯用语句，方案，配方
formulae							分子式，公式
tomb									坟墓
volunteer							志愿者，主动提供
coincide					同时发生，相接，相符
clothing					衣服
her								她
emotion					情绪，冲动
ceremony							仪式，礼节
accompany							陪同，伴随，伴奏
discrepancy				差异
logical				逻辑的，合理的
venture				企业，探索，大胆说出，敢
cream						奶油，米黄色
precede				先于
retain						保留，记住，挡住
occupy					居住，占用，担任
occupy oneself with		使自己忙于某事
airport				机场
uncover				揭露，发现
parameter				参数，界限
average								一般水平，平均的，普通的
versus					相对，对
bat								球板，速度，眨眼，蝙蝠
\\\\\\\\

n. [C] [英] 纸质或塑料的购物袋，相当于carrier bag:
n. [C] 携带病源的人或动物，会将疾病传染给其他人或动物，但本身不受感染:
n. 1 [C] 运输公司，尤指经营空运的运输公司:
2 [C] 提供电话、互联网或保险服务的公司:
n. 1 [C] 军用交通工具，如军用船只，用以运送士兵或装备:
2 [C] 自行车的载物架:
3 [C] 搬运或携带…的人或事物，即运输者、运输工具:
carrier |['kærɪə]
an AIDS carrier 艾滋病病毒携带者 
carriers of disease such as mosquitoes and worms 蚊子、蠕虫之类的病毒携带者
a telecoms carrier 电信公司
aircraft carrier 航空母舰 
a newspaper carrier 送报员

n. 1 [C]（书籍、乐曲等的）发表前的手稿、原稿:
2 [C]（印刷术发明之前书籍或文献的）手写本，手抄本:
manuscript |[ˈmænjuskrɪpt]
（缩写为MS）
I read her poems in manuscript. 我读过她的诗作的手稿。
He had seen a manuscript of the book. 他见过这本书的手稿。
an original manuscript of the song 这首歌的原稿 
autograph, handwritten manuscript 亲笔稿；手写稿 
the original autograph manuscript of the poem 这首诗的原作真迹 
unpublished manuscript 未出版的手稿 
unsolicited manuscript 主动提供的手稿 
draft manuscript 草稿 
unfinished manuscript 未完成的底稿 
completed manuscript 完成的手稿 
book manuscript 书稿 
literary, music, musical manuscript 文学手稿；音乐手稿 
I only have one copy of the manuscript. 我只有一份底稿。
He submitted the manuscript for publication. 他把手稿交送出版了。
He was delighted when the manuscript was accepted for publication. 他很高兴自己的稿子获采用，可以出版。
manuscript page 手稿页 
The text ran to dozens of pages in manuscript form. 手稿文本有几十页。
manuscript submission 稿件提交 
manuscript reviewer 审稿人 
Her autobiography remained in manuscript(= was not published). 她的自传一直没有出版。
medieval illuminated manuscripts 中世纪的装饰过的手抄本 
early printed books and rare manuscripts 早期的印刷书籍与手抄珍本 
ancient manuscript 古代的手抄本 
the surviving manuscript of 'Beowulf 保存下来的《贝奥武夫》的手抄本 
illustrated manuscript 配插图的手抄本 
earlier manuscripts which no longer survive 未能保存下来的更早期的手抄本 
manuscript illumination 手抄本的彩饰 
manuscript collection 手抄本收藏

adj. 1 常作前置定语，看上去令人愉快的，即好看的，漂亮的:
2 常作前置定语，精美的，精巧而吸引人的:
3 物品或衣服品质好的，精美的，华贵的:
adj. 用作感叹词，用于向某人表示一个行动、建议或决定是可接受的，即同意，可以，没问题:
adj. [术语] 指金属只含一种物质的，不含其他物质因而不减低该金属的质量的，即纯的，无杂质的:
adj. 开心的:
adj. 用于表示对某事物满意:
adv. [非正式] 以一种可接受或足够好的方式，令人满意地，即不错地:
adj. 1 纤细的，非常细的:
2 常作前置定语，难以看出或难以描述的:
3 由极细微的颗粒组成或制成的:
adj. 只作前置定语，（人）好的，有道德的，值得尊敬的:
adj.（人）健康的，身体好的。是一个简单用词:
n. [C] 由于破坏法律、法规或规则而被处以的罚款、罚金:
vt. fine sb (sth) (for sth/for doing sth) 常用被动式，向某人或组织等处以罚金:
adj. [尤英] 指天气晴朗的，可以是白天，也可以是晚上:
adj. 指词语或话语听起来很重要很华丽，但实际上并没什么实际内容或作用的，即辞藻华丽的，语言华而不实的:
adj. 常作前置定语，很好的，高质量的:
fine |[faɪn]
a fine view of the forest 森林美景 
a fine-looking girl 漂亮女孩 
fine features 清秀面容 
fine clothes 华丽的服装
That’s fine by me. 我认为没问题。
Fine. 好吧。
fine gold 纯金
“How are you?” “Fine, thank you.” “你好吗？”“好，谢谢。”
Your performance was fine. 你的表演很不错。
This paper’s not very good quality, but it’s fine for rough work. 这种纸质量不是很好，但用来打草稿很不错。
You’re doing fine. 你做得蛮不错。
The machine is working fine. 机器运转良好。
fine hairs on her arms 她胳膊上纤细的绒毛 
a fine tip 纤细的尖 
a fine thread 细线 
Her hair is very fine. 她的头发非常细。
the fine detail 细微之处 
a fine distinction 细微的差别 
a fine line between love and hate 爱恨只在一线间 
fine sand 细沙
a fine man 一个优秀的人（或品德高尚的人）
George looks fine now. 乔治现在看起来身体很不错。
physically fine 身体好 
to pay a heavy fine 支付一笔巨额罚款 
five-hundred-pound fine 五百英镑的罚款 
parking, speeding fine 违法停车罚款；超速驾驶罚款 
criminal fine 刑事犯罪罚款 
a maximum fine of $800 最高罚金是800美元。
The factory was fined $8 000 for polluting the environment. 这家工厂由于污染环境而被处以8000美元的罚款。
to be heavily fined 被处以高额罚款 
He got fined £200 for parking illegally. 他由于非法停车被罚200英镑。
a fine day 晴朗的一天 
a fine night 晴朗的夜晚 
It’s turned out fine again today. 今天天气又转晴了。
fine words 华而不实的辞藻
a fine book 一本好书 
a fine performance 精彩的演出 
fine wines 美酒

To impart a particular quality to something means to give it that quality. 给予 (特定品质)
If you impart information to people, you tell it to them. 传授; 告知
impart |英 [ɪm'pɑːt]  美 [ɪm'pɑrt]| vt. 给予（尤指抽象事物），传授；告知，透露/
She managed to impart great elegance to the unpretentious dress she was wearing.她努力为自己朴素的衣着增添几分优雅。
The ability to impart knowledge and command respect is the essential qualification for teachers.传授知识并博得尊敬的能力对老师们来说是基本的条件。


vt.＆vi. 1 advise (sb) (against sth/against doing sth) 告诉某人你认为其在某种情况中该做什么，即建议，劝告，忠告:
advise (sb) about sth/about doing sth 就自己擅长的领域给予某人帮助或信息，即提供咨询，提出建议、出主意等:
vt. [正式] advise sb (of sth) 将某事正式告诉给某人，如正式通知，正式告知，相当于inform，但不如inform常用:
advise |[əd'vaɪz]
Police are advising people to stay at home. 警方告诫民众要留在家里。
I’d advise you not to tell him. 我劝你别告诉他。
2 advise (sb) on sth 
We employ an expert to advise on new technology. 我们聘请了一位专家担任新技术顾问。
She advises the government on environmental issues. 她是政府的环境问题顾问。
Your lawyer can advise you whether to take any action. 你的律师可以告诉你是否起诉。
Please advise us of any change of address. 如地址有变，敬请告知。
I will contact you later to advise you when to come. 稍后我会与你联系，通知你何时前来。
I am pleased to advise you that your application has been accepted. 我很高兴地通知你，我们已经接受了你的申请。
to be regret to advise 遗憾地通知

vi. 从某人处（或从某个位置）逐渐远离、渐渐远去:
vi.（尤指问题、感情或品质）逐渐减弱:
vi. 退去:
vi.（头顶前部）头发停止生长:
vi. 牙龈（常因为感染）萎缩或退缩:
vi. a ~ chin 向后缩的下巴:
recede |[rɪˈsi:d]
The sound of the truck receded into the distance. 卡车的声音渐渐在远处消失了。
She watched his receding figure. 她看着他的身影渐渐远去。
Luke's footsteps receded into the night. 卢克在夜色中渐行渐远。
As she receded he waved goodbye. 她离开的时候他挥手告别。
The January flood waters receded as fast as they had risen. 一月份的洪水涨得快退得也快。
The water receded back to its mysterious depths. 水退回到神秘的深处。
The pain was gradually receding. 疼痛正逐渐消退。
Just as I started to think that I was never going to get well, the illness began to recede. 正当我开始觉得自己永远都好不了了的时候，我的病开始好转了。
These worries now receded from his mind. 现在他的这些顾虑从头脑中消除了。
Dealers grew concerned over the sliding dollar and receding prospects for economic recovery. 交易者对美元走软和经济复苏前景渐趋暗淡渐渐担忧起来。
The prospect of bankruptcy has now receded (= it is less likely). 破产的可能性现已减少了。
The January flood waters receded as fast as they had risen. 一月份的洪水涨得快退得也快。
The water receded back to its mysterious depths. 水退回到神秘的深处。
a middle-aged man with receding hair/a receding hairline 发际后移的中年男子 
a youngish man with dark hair just beginning to recede 前额黑发刚开始脱落的年轻人 
The bartender had a florid face and a receding hairline. 酒吧男招待面色红润，前额有点脱发。
His fine dark hair was receding a little. 他细细的黑发有点儿从前额开始向后脱落了。
If untreated, the gums recede, become swollen and bleed. 如果不进行治疗，牙龈会开始萎缩、红肿和出血。
Receding gums can be the result of disease or simply incorrect brushing. 牙龈萎缩可能是疾病导致的，也可能仅仅是错误的刷牙方式引起的。

If something is economic, it produces a profit. 盈利的
economically 经济地
Economic means concerned with the organization of the money, industry, and trade of a country, region, or society. 经济的
economic |英 [,iːkə'nɒmɪk; ek-]  美 [ˌikəˈnɑmɪk, ˌɛkəˈ-nɑmɪk]| adj. 经济的，经济上的；经济学的/
Critics say that the new system may be more economic but will lead to a decline in programme quality.批评家们说该新系统也许更有利可图，却会导致项目质量的下降。
...an economically depressed area.…一个经济萧条地区。
...Poland's radical economic reforms.…波兰激进的经济改革。


n. [C]（官方对重要事件的）公告、布告:
n. 1 [C]（电台或电视台播报的）简短新闻，如简讯:
2 [C]（学校、教堂等机构或团体发放的）学报，会刊，小册子，简报:
bulletin |[ˈbʊlətɪn]
a bulletin on the President's health 关于总统健康状况的公告 
At 3.30 p.m. a bulletin was released announcing that the president was out of immediate danger. 下午3点30分发布了公告，称总统已经暂时脱离危险。
all-points bulletin（通常缩写为APB）（美）（向执法机关颁发描述通缉犯情况等的）详细通报 
The government will issue an official bulletin later this week. 本周晚些时候政府将发布一则官方公报。           
the early morning news bulletin 早间新闻简报 
weather bulletin（尤英）天气通报 
monthly, weekly bulletin 每月通讯；每周通讯 
church bulletin 教会简报 
The details are in the June bulletin. 详情见六月份会刊。

n. [C] ~ (for sth/for doing sth) 做或达成某事的一种方法:
n. [C] [化学用语] 分子式:
n. [C] 配方:
n. [C] [数学用语] 公式、方程式:
n. [C] ~ (for sth/for doing sth) 做或达成某事的一种方法:
n. [C] 在Formula One用法中，指方程式（按发动机大小等对赛车的分级）:
n. [U, C] [尤美] 也可用formula milk，指液态配方乳（用来代替母乳）:
n. [C] 特定场合的惯用词语，套话:
formula |[ˈfɔ:mjələ;美ˈfɔ:rm-]（复数形式为formulas，科技领域常用formulae）
to work out a peace formula acceptable to both sides in the dispute 制订出一个争端双方都可接受的和平方案 
There's no magic formula for a perfect marriage. 没有一个达到完美婚姻的神奇方法。
face-saving formula（尤英）保全面子的方案 
a winning formula 制胜方案 
What is their formula for success? 他们成功的秘诀是什么？
CO is the formula for carbon monoxide. CO是一氧化碳的分子式。
the secret formula for the blending of the whisky 调配威士忌的秘方
This formula is used to calculate the area of a circle. 这个公式用于计算圆的面积。
algebraic, chemical, mathematical, scientific formula 代数公式；化学公式；数学公式；科学公式
to work out a peace formula acceptable to both sides in the dispute 制订出一个争端双方都可接受的和平方案 
There's no magic formula for a perfect marriage. 没有一个达到完美婚姻的神奇方法。
face-saving formula（尤英）保全面子的方案 
a winning formula 制胜方案 
What is their formula for success? 他们成功的秘诀是什么？
Formula One™ racing 一级方程式赛车
legal formulae 法律惯用词语 
The minister keeps coming out with the same tired formulas. 这个牧师开口便是千篇一律、陈词滥调的套话。


formulae | 公式,口诀

n. [C] 大型坟墓（尤指在地上或地下用石头建成的墓穴）:
tomb |[tu:m]


n. [C] 主动（而非被强迫）去做某事的一个人，即自告奋勇者:
vt.（未被询问而）主动建议某事（或主动告诉某人某事）:
vt. volunteer sb (for/as sth) 主动举荐某人去做某项工作或活动（即使被举荐者可能并不想去做）:
n. [C]（工作无报酬的）义务工作者，志愿者:
vt.＆vi. volunteer (sth) (for/as sth) 非被强迫（或不要报酬）地去做某事，即自愿做；无偿（或义务）做:
n. [C] 志愿兵或义勇军（即非被强迫而主动选择参军的一个人）:
vi. volunteer (for sth) 未被强迫而主动加入部队等，如自愿参军，当志愿兵等:
volunteer |[͵vɒlən'tɪə]
Are there any volunteers to help clear up? 有自愿帮助清扫的人吗？
to volunteer advice 主动提出忠告
They volunteered me for the job of interpreter. 他们擅自指定我担任口头翻译。
Red Cross volunteer 红十字会志愿者 
community volunteer 社区志愿者 
student volunteer 学生志愿者 
volunteer driver 义务驾驶员 
volunteer organization 志愿者组织 
volunteer activity 志愿活动 
He volunteered his services as a driver. 他自愿服务充当司机。
He volunteered to organize a petition. 他自告奋勇组织请愿。
He volunteered for early retirement. 他自愿提前退休。
army, civilian volunteer 陆军志愿兵；平民志愿兵 
volunteer force, volunteer unit 志愿军部队 
volunteer soldier 志愿兵 
to recruit volunteer 招募志愿兵 
to serve as volunteer 自愿服兵役
to volunteer for military service 自愿服兵役

vi. ~ (with sth/sb)（两件或更多的事情）同时发生:
vi. ~ (with sth/sb) [正式]（物品或地方）相接、相交；拥有相同的空间位置:
vi. ~ (with sth/sb)（想法、意见、利益等）相同或极其相似，如一致、相符:
coincide |[ˌkəʊɪnˈsaɪd;美ˌkoʊ-]
It's a pity our trips to New York don't coincide. 真遗憾我们不能同一时间去纽约旅行。
The strike was timed to coincide with the party conference. 那次罢工选择在召开政党大会的同一时间举行。
Her visit coincided exactly with a visit by the American president. 她恰好与美国总统同时来访。
The singer's arrival was timed to coincide with the opening of the festival. 特地安排这位歌手恰好在音乐节开幕时到达。
At this point the two paths coincide briefly. 两条小路在这个地方有一小段合在了一起。
The present position of the house coincides with that of an earlier dwelling. 这栋房子现在的位置恰与原住宅的位置一致。
The interests of employers and employees do not always coincide. 雇主和雇员的利益并不总是一致的。
a case in which public and private interests coincide 一个公众利益和私人利益一致的例子 
Her story coincided exactly with her brother's. 她和她兄弟所讲的完全一致。
The kids' views on life don't always coincide, but they're not afraid of voicing their opinions. 孩子们的人生观并不总是一致，但他们敢于表达自己的观点。
Our views on this issue coincide closely with yours.关于这个间题，我们的观点与你的非常一致。

n. [U] 衣服（总称），尤指特定种类的衣服。其实clothing和clothes在词义的所指上并没有本质区别，二者都是衣服的总称，也都可以表示特定种类的衣服。只不过下定义的角度不同而已，clothing是从一个整体的角度出发所下的定义，clothes是从各个个体的集合的角度出发所下的定义。不过clothing可多表示服装行业，而clothes可多表示服装种类:
clothing |[kləʊðɪŋ]
the high cost of food and clothing 衣食的昂贵费用 
a piece of clothing 一件衣服 
a set of clothing（尤美）一套衣服 
a layer of clothing 一层衣服 
light clothing 轻便的服装 
heavy, warm clothing 厚衣服；保暖服 
casual clothing 休闲服 
summer clothing 夏装 
outdoor clothing 户外服装 
outer clothing 外衣 
protective clothing 防护服 
traditional Chinese clothing 传统中式服装 
sports clothing 运动服 
clothing company, clothing industry, clothing shop 服装公司；服装行业；服装店

Her is also a possessive determiner. 她的
People sometimes use her to refer to a car, machine, or ship. 她 (有时用以指小汽车、机器或船)
Her is also a possessive determiner. 她的
Her is also a possessive determiner. 她的
In written English, her is sometimes used to refer to a person without saying whether that person is a man or a woman. Some people dislike this use and prefer to use "him or her" or "them." 她 (有时在无需说明性别的情况下指人)
Her is also a possessive determiner. 她的
You use her to refer to a woman, girl, or female animal. 她
her |英 [hɜː]  美 [hɚ]| pron. 她（she的宾格）；她的（she的所有格）；她（指某个国家；一艘船）/n. （法）埃尔（人名）/
This dramatic photograph was taken from Carpathia's deck by one of her passengers.这张戏剧化的照片是由卡帕西亚号的一名乘客在甲板上拍下的。
Kemp got out of his truck. "Just fill her up, thanks."肯普下了卡车。“请给她加满油，谢谢。”
America and her partners are helping to rebuild roads and bridges and buildings.美国及其伙伴正帮助重建道路、桥梁和楼房。
The non-drinking, non-smoking model should do nothing to risk her reputation.这名烟酒不沾的女模特儿不应该做任何对她的名誉不利的事情。
Talk to your baby, play games, and show her how much you enjoy her company.跟你的婴儿谈话，玩游戏，向她表明你是多么喜欢与她在一起。
Liz travelled around the world for a year with her boyfriend James.莉兹跟她的男友詹姆斯到世界各地旅行了一年。
I went in the room and told her I had something to say to her.我走进房间，告诉她我有话要对她说。


n. [C, U] 强烈的感情（例如爱、恐惧或愤怒）:
n. 1 [C, U] 人的情绪、情感:
2 [U]（与理想相对的）感性:
emotion |[ɪˈməʊʃn;美ɪˈmoʊʃn]
Emotions are running high (= people are feeling very excited, angry, etc.). 群情激奋。
Mary was overcome with emotion. 玛丽激动得不能自持。
Her voice trembled with emotion. 她的声音因情绪激动而颤抖。
Her voice was choked with emotion. 她因感情激动而声音哽咽。
She realized she was shaking all over with emotion. 她意识到自己激动得浑身颤抖起来。
an incident that has aroused strong emotions locally 激起当地人强烈感情的一个事件 
a speech that was charged with emotion 充满激情的演讲 
He lost control of his emotions. 他情绪失去了控制。
They expressed mixed emotions at the news. 他们对这个消息表现出复杂的感情。
She showed no emotion at the verdict. 她对这一裁定无动于衷。
Happiness was an emotion that Reynolds was having to relearn. 雷诺兹已经不知道什么是快乐。
She felt torn by conflicting emotions. 矛盾的情感折磨着她。
We can teach people to handle negative emotions such as fear and anger. 我们教人们怎样应对恐惧和愤怒等消极情感。
a moving performance full of raw emotion 充满真情实感的动人表演 
the heightened emotions which resulted from the terrorist attack 恐怖袭击导致的高涨情绪 
Years of pent-up emotion came out as he sobbed. 他啜泣着，多年压抑的情感得到释放。
Fear is a normal human emotion. 恐惧是正常的人类情感。
There wasn't a hint of emotion in his eyes. 他的眼中并没流露出任何感情。
She felt a sudden rush of emotion at the thought of seeing him again. 一想到要再见到他，她就心潮起伏。
She could not cope with such public displays of emotion. 她应付不来这种公开的情感表达。
the emotions that we experience as children 孩提时经历的情感 
He felt no emotion as she left. 她离开时他感觉心情很淡然。
Drama can help children to express their emotions. 戏剧能帮助孩子们表达他们的情感。
The woman's face showed no emotion. 那个女人面无表情。
The film captures the real emotion of this terrible event. 电影抓住了这一恐怖事件造成的真实情感。
Releasing these emotions is part of the healing process. 释放这些情感是康复过程的一部分。
Boys often find it difficult to share their emotions. 男孩们时常发现很难与别人分享他们的感情。
Victims of crime are encouraged to confront their emotions. 罪案受害人受到鼓励去直面自己的情感。
You could read his emotions by looking into his eyes. 仔细观察他的眼睛，就能明白他的情感。
She spoke with deep emotion. 她讲话时充满感情。
The movie has a surprising depth of emotion for a comedy. 作为喜剧，这部电影的感情深度出乎意料。
Her performance in the play covered the whole gamut of emotions. 她在剧中的表演情感跨度很大。
the split between reason and emotion 理性和感性的划分 
The decision was based on emotion rather than rational thought. 这个决定不是基于理性的思考而是基于感性做出的。           

n. [U] 正式的行为；某一正式场合所做出的传统行为（或说出的传统的话语）。即礼节、礼仪、客套:
n. [C]（包括一系列正式或传统活动的）公共（或宗教）仪式、典礼。是“仪式”的常规用词:
ceremony |['serɪmənɪ]
the pomp and ceremony of a royal wedding 王室婚礼的盛大场面与仪式 
to be buried with great ceremony 被隆重地安葬 
The Republic was proclaimed in public with great ceremony. 共和国在公开场合非常隆重地宣布成立。
opening ceremony 开幕式 
awards ceremony 颁奖礼 
wedding ceremony 婚礼仪式 
religious ceremony 宗教仪式 
funeral, memorial ceremony 葬礼；纪念仪式 
graduation ceremony 毕业典礼 
inauguration, signing ceremony 就职典礼；签字仪式 
tea ceremony 茶道

vt. 伴随其他事而发生（或出现）:
vt. 1 [正式] 与某人穿行（或与其一起去某地），即陪同:
2 伴随其他事而发生（或出现）:
vt. accompany sb (at/on sth)（当某人在唱歌或演奏主曲目的时候）为其伴奏（尤指用钢琴伴奏）。是此义的常规用词:
accompany |[ə'kʌmpənɪ]
strong winds accompanied by heavy rain 狂风夹着暴雨 
Each pack contains a book and accompanying CD. 每包内装书一本，并附光盘一张。
His wife accompanied him on the trip. 那次旅行他由妻子陪同。
strong winds accompanied by heavy rain 狂风夹着暴雨 
Each pack contains a book and accompanying CD. 每包内装书一本，并附光盘一张。
The singer was accompanied on the piano by her sister. 女歌手由她姐姐钢琴伴奏。

~ (between A and B) 两个或多个本应相同的事物之间的差异:
discrepancy |[dɪsˈkrepənsi]
the glaring discrepancy between the crime and the punishment 罪与罚的严重不符 
There were wide discrepancies in the evidence. 证据中有很大出入。
major discrepancies in payments made to claimants in similar circumstances 同类情况下索赔人所获款项的巨大差异 
How do you explain the apparent discrepancies between the money and the receipts? 你如何解释金额与收据的明显出入？
wide discrepancies in prices quoted for the work 这项工作的报价出入很大 
She failed to notice the discrepancy between the name on the letter and the name on the passport. 她没有注意到信上的名字与护照上的名字不符。
Discrepancies occurred between the written and electronic records. 书面记录与电子记录出现了不一致。
the discrepancy between press and radio reports 新闻和广播报道之间的出入 
What are the reasons for the discrepancy between girls' and boys' performance in school? 女生和男生在学校表现不同的原因何在呢？

adj. 1（行动、事件等）合乎情理的:
2 逻辑（上）的；（论证或推理方法）符合逻辑的:
3（结论或结果）逻辑上必然的，顺理成章的:
This is the logical result of a long evolution in which we moved from working by the sweat of our brow and by muscle to industrial work and finally to knowledge work. 这是长期进化的必然结果:
logical |[ˈlɒdʒɪkl;美ˈlɑ:dʒ-]
a logical thing to do in the circumstances 在那种环境下按理应做的事 
It was a logical conclusion from the child's point of view. 从小孩的观点来看这是个合乎情理的结论。
Connie suddenly struck her as a logical candidate. 她突然想到康妮是个合适人选。
There was a logical explanation. 存在一个合理的解释。
It all sounds quite logical. 这一切似乎都颇合乎逻辑。
The issue here is purely logical it has nothing to do with ethics. 这纯粹是个逻辑问题，与伦理道德无关。
Only when each logical step has been checked by other mathematicians will the proof be accepted. 只有每一逻辑步骤都被其他数学家验证之后，证明才能成立。
a logical argument 合乎逻辑的论证 
His arguments seemed perfectly logical. 他的论证似乎十分合乎逻辑。
Computer programming needs someone with a logical mind. 计算机编程需要擅长逻辑思维的人。
If the climate gets drier, then the logical conclusion is that even more drought will occur. 如果气候变得更干燥，必然会出现更多旱情。

n. [C] 有风险的商业项目:
n. [C] 新鲜、令人激动，但是有困难和失败的风险的一个项目或活动，即风险项目、冒险活动。尤指有风险的商业项目或商业活动:
vi.（即使知道某地危险或令人不悦，依然）敢于去:
vt. ~ sth (on sth) 冒着（失去贵重或重要的东西）的危险:
vt.&vi. [正式] 小心地说，谨慎地做（尤指会使人烦恼或不快的事）:
n. [C] 风险企业:
venture |[ˈventʃə(r)]
A disastrous business venture lost him thousands of dollars. 一个彻底失败的经营项目使他损失严重。
profitable venture 有利可图的风险项目 
business, commercial, corporate, financial, moneymaking venture 商业风险投资；公司风险投资；金融风险投资；赚钱的风险投资 
Internet, publishing venture 互联网风险投资；出版风险投资 
The directors of the company refused to undertake such a risky venture. 公司董事拒绝进行这样高风险的投资。
venture capital, venture funding, venture funds, venture money 风险资本；风险基金；风险资金 
venture capitalist 风险资本家
A disastrous business venture lost him thousands of dollars. 一个彻底失败的经营项目使他损失严重。
profitable venture 有利可图的风险项目 
collaborative, cooperative, joint venture 合作企业；合资企业 
a joint-venture company 一家合资公司 
a Russian-American joint venture 一家俄美合资企业 
private, solo venture 私人企业；个人的风险投资 
entrepreneurial, start-up venture 创业型企业；新创办企业 
business, commercial, corporate, financial, moneymaking venture 商业风险投资；公司风险投资；金融风险投资；赚钱的风险投资 
Internet, publishing venture 互联网风险投资；出版风险投资 
The directors of the company refused to undertake such a risky venture. 公司董事拒绝进行这样高风险的投资。
The company has set up a joint venture with a company in Austria. 该公司与一家奥地利公司建立了合资企业。
His son Mark will be joining him in the new venture. 他儿子马克将与他一起经营这家新企业。
venture capital, venture funding, venture funds, venture money 风险资本；风险基金；风险资金 
venture capitalist 风险资本家 
a cooperative venture by companies at the science park 由科技园区的公司创立的一家合作企业 
his latest writing venture 他最新的写作尝试
People are afraid to venture out for fear of sniper attacks. 由于害怕狙击手，人们不敢冒险外出。
She ventured cautiously into the room. 她小心翼翼地走进那个房间。
They never ventured from their buildings after sunset. 日落后他们从不敢外出。
A few people ventured out into the street. 有几个人壮着胆子走上了街头。
She would not have dared venture here alone. 她本来不敢独自一人冒险到这里来的。
They rarely ventured beyond their local town. 他们几乎从来不敢去当地集镇以外的地方。
He ventured deeper into the forest. 他冒险向森林更深处走去。
Few Europeans who had ventured beyond the Himalayas had returned to tell the tale. 少数几个冒险翻越了喜马拉雅山的欧洲人回来后讲述了这个故事。
They ventured nervously into the water. 他们神经紧张地硬着头皮下水。
Some of the men ventured farther out to sea. 其中有些人冒险向大海的更深处游去。
We ventured down to the south coast over the weekend. 周末我们冒险抵达了南海岸。
He's never ventured abroad in his life. 他一生中从来不敢出国。
It was wrong to venture his financial security on such a risky deal. 他以自己稳定的财务作赌注去做风险这么大的交易是错误的。
He enjoyed little success when he ventured into business. 他冒险涉足商界后几乎没有取得什么成功。
She hardly dared to venture an opinion. 她几乎不敢亮明观点。
I ventured to suggest that she might have made a mistake. 我小心地提醒说她可能出了差错。
'Don't ask,' he said, whenever Ginny ventured to raise the subject. 每当金尼鼓起勇气提起这个话题时，他就说“不要问”。
‘And if I say no? ’ she ventured. “那么我要是说不呢？”她试探说。
'So you're Leo's girlfriend?' he ventured. “那么你就是列奥的女朋友了？”他斗胆问道。
He ventured that plants draw part of their nourishment from the air. 他斗胆提出植物从空气中吸收部分养分的观点。
collaborative, cooperative, joint venture 合作企业；合资企业 
a joint-venture company 一家合资公司 
a Russian-American joint venture 一家俄美合资企业 
private venture 私人企业 
entrepreneurial, start-up venture 创业型企业；新创办企业 
The company has set up a joint venture with a company in Austria. 该公司与一家奥地利公司建立了合资企业。
His son Mark will be joining him in the new venture. 他儿子马克将与他一起经营这家新企业。
a cooperative venture by companies at the science park 由科技园区的公司创立的一家合作企业

vt. 把混合物搅成糊状:
vt. [美，非正式] 彻底打败某人:
n. [U] 奶油色，如淡黄色，米色:
adj. 奶油色的，淡黄色的，米色的:
n. [U, C] 护肤霜；或用于清洁的一种乳液；膏状物质:
n. [C] 构成复合词，内部有奶油等物质的一种糖果，如奶油夹心糖:
n. [U] 奶油，乳脂:
n. [sing.] the cream of sth 某一群体中最佳的一些人或事物，即精华，精英，精髓:
cream |[kri:m]
Cream the butter and sugar together. 把黄油和糖搅成糊状。
We got creamed in the first round. 我们在第一轮就被彻底打败了。
a cream linen suit 米色的亚麻布套装
face, hand cream 面霜；护手霜 
night cream 晚霜 
anti-wrinkle, moisturizing, shaving, sun（尤英）cream 抗皱霜；保湿霜；剃须膏；防晒霜
a chocolate cream 巧克力奶油夹心糖
cream cake（英）奶油蛋糕 
We had strawberries and cream for dessert. 我们的甜点是加奶油的草莓。
the cream of New York society 纽约社会的精英 
the cream of the crop of this season’s movies 本季电影的最佳影片

vt.&vi.（在时间上）在…之前发生（或出现）:
vt.&vi.（顺序）先于:
vt.&vi.（句、段、章节）在…之前:
vt.&vi.（位置）在…前面:
precede |[prɪˈsi:d]
the years preceding the war 战前的几年 
His resignation was preceded by weeks of speculation. 在他辞职之前，有关的猜测已持续了几个星期。
Intensive negotiations between the main parties preceded the vote. 主要政党在选举前进行了集中的谈判。
The earthquake was preceded by a loud roar and lasted 20 seconds. 地震前有一阵巨大的轰隆声，持续了20秒钟。
She preceded me in the job. 她是我这工作的前任。
in the moments which immediately preceded the earthquake 就在地震发生之前的时刻 
Victories are often preceded by minor setbacks. 胜利之前常常会遇到一些小挫折。
He gestured to Alice to precede them from the room. 他给艾丽斯做手势，让她在他们前面离开房间。
She preceded him out of the room. 她先于他走出屋子。
See the preceding chapter. 请见前一章。
Look at the information that precedes the paragraph in question. 查看正在讨论的这段文字前面的信息。
Repeat the exercises described in the preceding section. 把前一节要求的练习重做一遍。
They were preceded by mounted cowboys. 他们前面是骑马的牛仔们。

vt. [更正式] [法律]（以预付金的形式）聘请律师:
vt. [更正式] 保持:
vt. [更正式] 继续容纳某事物:
vt. [更正式] 继续容纳某事物:
vt. [更正式] 继续持有或保有:
vt. [更正式] 保存在记忆中:
vt. [更正式] 继续容纳某事物:
vt. [更正式] 继续持有或保有:
retain |[rɪˈteɪn]
a retaining fee 给所委托律师的预付辩护费 
to retain the services of a lawyer 聘定律师 
He decided to retain him for the trial. 他决定聘请他为出庭律师。
to retain your independence 保持独立 
He struggled to retain control of the situation. 他曾努力保持对局势的控制。
Despite the decay the mosque somehow retained a profound grandeur. 清真寺虽已破败，但不知为何依然十分庄严。
Her new music largely retains the distinctiveness of the old. 她的新音乐在很大程度上保持了旧式音乐的特色。
He retains a deep respect for the profession. 他对这个职业仍然深怀敬意。
She retained her tennis title for the third year. 她第三年保住了网球冠军的头衔。
He has successfully retained his position as national president of the society. 他成功地保住了自己作为该协会全国主席的职位。
a soil that retains moisture 保持水分的土壤
a soil that retains moisture 保持水分的土壤 
This information is no longer retained within the computer's main memory. 这样的数据不再保留在计算机的主存储器中。
She has a good memory and finds it easy to retain facts.（比喻用法）她记忆力好，很容易记住事情。
The immigrants have a right to retain their language. 移民有权保留其语言。
The house retains much of its original charm. 这所房子保留了许多原有的魅力。
The interior of the shop still retains a nineteenth-century atmosphere. 这家商店的内部装修仍然保留着十九世纪的风格。
He retains a deep respect for the profession. 他对这个职业仍然深怀敬意。
She retained her tennis title for the third year. 她第三年保住了网球冠军的头衔。
He has successfully retained his position as national president of the society. 他成功地保住了自己作为该协会全国主席的职位。
He was allowed to retain his parliamentary seat.（英）他获准保留议会席位。
The president retained her as his chief adviser. 总统让她留任自己的首席顾问。
She has a good memory and finds it easy to retain facts.（比喻用法）她记忆力好，很容易记住事情。
a soil that retains moisture 保持水分的土壤 
This information is no longer retained within the computer's main memory. 这样的数据不再保留在计算机的主存储器中。
She has a good memory and finds it easy to retain facts.（比喻用法）她记忆力好，很容易记住事情。
The immigrants have a right to retain their language. 移民有权保留其语言。
The house retains much of its original charm. 这所房子保留了许多原有的魅力。
The interior of the shop still retains a nineteenth-century atmosphere. 这家商店的内部装修仍然保留着十九世纪的风格。
He retains a deep respect for the profession. 他对这个职业仍然深怀敬意。
She retained her tennis title for the third year. 她第三年保住了网球冠军的头衔。
He has successfully retained his position as national president of the society. 他成功地保住了自己作为该协会全国主席的职位。
He was allowed to retain his parliamentary seat.（英）他获准保留议会席位。
The president retained her as his chief adviser. 总统让她留任自己的首席顾问。

vt. 在某一体系、过程或计划中占据某一位置，如任职，执政，相当于hold，稍微不如hold常用:
vt. 占用时间，相当于take up。其主语是事情或任务:
vt. occupy sb/sth/yourself (in doing sth/with sb/sth)（使）忙于做某事，即自己的时间、思维等被占据，需要付出努力和注意力:
vt. 1 占用空间、区域，相当于take up:
2 正式用法，指生活或工作在一个房间、建筑物内，即使用房屋、建筑物:
vt. 占领一个地方，尤指军事占领:
occupy |['ɒkjupaɪ]
The president occupies the position for four years. 总统任期四年。
Administrative work occupies half of my time. 行政事务占去了我一半的时间。
a game that will occupy the kids for hours 能让小孩一玩就是几个小时的游戏 
She occupied herself with routine office tasks. 她忙于办公室的日常工作。
Problems at work continued to occupy his mind for some time. 工作上的问题继续在他的脑海中萦绕了一段时间。
The bed seemed to occupy most of the room. 床似乎占去了大半个屋子。
How much memory does the program occupy? 这个程序占用多少内存？
He occupies an office on the 12th floor. 他在12楼有一间办公室。
The capital has been occupied by the rebel army. 首都已被叛军占领。
Protesting students occupied the TV station. 抗议的学生占领了电视台。

n. [C] 飞机场:
airport |['eəpɔ:t]
international airport 国际机场 
hub airport 枢纽机场 
commercial, military airport 商用机场；军用机场 
departure, destination airport 始发机场；到达机场 
airport terminal 机场航站楼 
airport lounge 机场候机室 
airport hotel 机场旅店 
airport security 机场安全保卫 
We fly from Heathrow Airport, 我们从希思罗机场起飞。

vt. 揭开覆盖物:
vt. 发现以前隐藏的事物，或发现秘密:
vt. 发现、发掘（长久埋藏于地下的事物或地方）:
uncover |[ʌnˈkʌvə(r)]
Uncover the pan and let the soup simmer. 揭开锅盖，让汤再慢火煨一下。
When the seedlings sprout, uncover the tray. 秧苗发芽后，就把盘子上的盖子拿掉。
Police have uncovered a plot to kidnap the President's son. 警方已侦破一起绑架总统之子的阴谋。
A specific plot to kill him was uncovered in the past couple of weeks. 一个针对他的暗杀阴谋在过去几周里被揭露了出来。
Auditors said they had uncovered evidence of fraud. 审计人员说他们已经发现了欺诈的证据。
Archaeologists have uncovered an 11,700-year-old hunting camp in Alaska. 考古学家在阿拉斯加发现了一个距今11,700年的狩猎营地。

Parameters are factors or limits that affect the way something can be done or made. 参数; 界限
parameter |英 [pə'ræmɪtə]  美 [pə'ræmɪtɚ]| n. 参数；系数；参量/
...some of the parameters that determine the taste of a wine.…一些决定葡萄酒味道的参数。


adj. 普通的；平常的；一般的；平平的（此时相当于ordinary）:
adj. 典型的；正常的（此时相当于normal）:
adj. 只作前置定语，平均的。是此义的常规用词:
n. 1 [C, U] 平均数:
2 [C, U] 平均水平；一般水平:
vt. 无被动式，平均为…:
vt.＆vi. 计算…的平均数:
average |['ævərɪdӡ]
I was just an average sort of student. 我只是一个普通的学生。
I was only average academically. 我的学业成绩只能算平平。
40 hours is a fairly average working week for most people. 对大多数人来说，一周工作40小时是相当正常的。
children of above average intelligence 智力高于一般水平的儿童 
£20 for dinner is about average. 花20英镑吃正餐算是正常价格。
an average adult man 正常成年男子
an average cost 平均成本 
at an average speed of 100 miles per hour 以平均每小时100英里的速度 
The average of 4, 5 and 9 is 6. 4、5、9三个数的平均数是6。
The national average is just over two children per family. 全国平均每个家庭有两个以上孩子。
grade point average（美）（学生各科成绩的）平均绩点 
On average, prices have risen 6%. 价格平均上浮了6个百分点。
Temperatures are above average for the time of year. 温度高于此时的年平均温度。
His test results are well above average. 他的测验成绩远远高于平均水平。
Economic growth is expected to average 2% next year. 明年经济增长预计平均可达2%。
We averaged 42 miles per hour. 我们平均时速为42英里。
Earnings are averaged over the whole period. 所计算的是整个时期的平均收入。

Versus is used in a court of law to indicate that two people or organizations are involved in a law suit. The abbreviation v is also used. (在法庭上) …诉…
Versus is used to indicate that two teams or people are competing against each other in a sports event. (体育比赛中) …对…
You use versus to indicate that two figures, ideas, or choices are opposed. 与…相对
versus |英 ['vɜːsəs]  美 ['vɝsəs]| prep. 对；与...相对；对抗/
That case became known as Healey versus Jones.那起讼案被称作“希利诉琼斯案”。
Italy versus Japan is turning out to be a surprisingly well matched competition.意大利对日本队的比赛结果是一场出人意料地势均力敌的比赛。
Only 18.8% of the class of 1982 had some kind of diploma four years after high school, versus 45% of the class of 1972.相对于1972届学生中有45%在中学毕业4年后获得了某种文凭来说，1982届学生的这一比例只有18.8%。


n. [C] 蝙蝠:
vt.＆vi.（尤指在板球或棒球运动中）用球板或球棒击球:
n. [C] 棒球、板球或乒乓球等的球棒、球板、球拍:
bat |[bæt]
fruit, vampire bat 果蝠；吸血蝠 
bats hanging upside down 倒挂的蝙蝠
Tom went in to bat after Jerry. 汤姆在杰瑞之后击球。
baseball, cricket, table-tennis（英）bat 棒球球棒；板球球板；乒乓球拍 
wooden bat 木制球拍 
right-handed bat 右手球拍
