propose				提出，打算，提名，求婚
recollect				回忆起
allow								允许，分配
custom				习俗，习惯，惠顾
temple								神殿，太阳穴
equivalent						相等物，相等的
discount						折扣，不予考虑，贴现
comparative						相对的，比较的
dictionary							词典
design								设计，意图
congress						代表大会，国会
vertical						垂直的
indignant					义愤的
entertain					使快乐，款待，怀有
efficiency				效率
loyalty				忠诚
volcano					火山
negligible				可忽略不计的
specification			明确说明，规格，要求
gentleman						先生
preclude				杜绝，排除，防止
apart								相隔，与众不同的
anonymous				匿名的
consider							考虑，顾及，认为，凝视
consecutive				连续的
spectacular				壮观的，惊人的
directly				直接的，恰好，立刻
economics				经济学
act									行为，法案，表演，行动
compensation					补偿
\\\\\\\\

vt.&vi. 打算、计划（去做某事）:
vt. 提议祝（酒）；提议为…干杯:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (to sb) 求婚:
vt. [正式] 提出建议、计划等以供人们考虑或做决策。即建议、提议:
~ sb (for/as sth) 在正式会议上提出某事并让人们就其表决:
vt. [正式] 提出一种（似乎能解释某事的）理论或解释:
~ sb (for/as sth) 在正式会议上提名某人并让人们就其表决:
~ sb (for/as sth) 在正式会议上提名某人并让人们就其表决:
propose |[prəˈpəʊz;美-ˈpoʊz]
What do you propose to do now? 现在你打算做什么？
It's still far from clear what action the government proposes to take over the affair. 政府打算采取何种行动处理该事件仍然十分不明朗。
And where do you propose building such a huge thing? 那么你打算在哪里建这么一个庞然大物呢？
How do you propose getting home? 你打算怎么回家？
Usually the bride's father proposes a toast to the health of the bride and groom. 通常新娘的父亲会提议为新郎新娘的健康干杯。
He was afraid that if he proposed she might refuse. 他担心他若求婚，她会拒绝。
She proposed to me! 她向我求婚了！
He had proposed to Isabel the day after taking his seat in Parliament. 当选议员的第二天，他向伊莎贝尔求婚了。
to propose marriage 求婚
The government proposed changes to the voting system. 政府建议修改表决制度。
Britain is about to propose changes to some institutions. 英国将提议对一些机构进行改革。
It was George who first proposed that we dry clothes in that locker. 是乔治首先提议我们把衣服挂在那个储物柜里晾干的。
What would you propose? 你想提什么建议？
She proposed that the book be banned.（英式也可用She proposed that the book should be banned.）她提议查禁这本书。
It was proposed that the president be elected for a period of two years. 有人提议选出的主席任期为两年。
He proposed changing the name of the company. 他建议更改公司的名称。
It was proposed to pay the money from public funds. 有人提议用公款支付这笔钱。
Are you seriously proposing that we allow this situation to continue? 你建议我们应该任由这一局势持续下去是认真的吗?
The plan originally proposed was ruled unrealistic. 最初提出的计划被判定为不切实际。
The measures have been proposed as a way of improving standards. 提议采取这些措施是为了提高水准。
He was proposed for the job of treasurer.他被提议担任财务主管一职。
the newly proposed amendments（newly尤为美式用法）新提出的修正案 
the recently proposed standards 最近提出的标准 
vt. ~ sth 
to propose a motion (= to be the main speaker in support of an idea at a formal debate) 提出动议 
A delegate from Siberia proposed a resolution that he stand down as party chairman. 一名来自西伯利亚的代表提议他辞去党主席的职务。 
This highlights a problem faced by people proposing theories of ball lightning. 这使得球状闪电理论的提出者所面临的一个问题凸显出来。
Newton proposed that heavenly and terrestrial motion could be unified with the idea of gravity. 牛顿提出天体和地球的运动可以用万有引力来解释。
She proposed a possible solution to the mystery. 她提出了对这个奥秘的一种可能的解答。
vt. ~ sth 
I propose Tom Ellis for chairman. 我提名汤姆·埃利斯做主席。
I asked Robin Balfour and Derek Haig to propose and second me. 我请罗宾·鲍尔弗和德里克·黑格提名并支持我。
vt. ~ sth 
I propose Tom Ellis for chairman. 我提名汤姆·埃利斯做主席。
I asked Robin Balfour and Derek Haig to propose and second me. 我请罗宾·鲍尔弗和德里克·黑格提名并支持我。

vt.&vi. [较正式]（不用于进行时）记起、记得，尤指努力回忆起:
recollect |[ˌrekəˈlekt]
She could no longer recollect the details of the letter. 她想不起那封信的细节了。
I don't recollect what he said. 我不记得他说过什么。
I recollect him/his saying that it was dangerous. 我记得他说那很危险。
As far as I can recollect, she wasn't there on that occasion. 据我回忆，当时她不在场。
Ramona spoke with warmth when she recollected the doctor who used to be at the county hospital. 拉蒙纳回忆起曾在乡村医院工作的那位医生时，言语中透着温情。
His efforts, the Duke recollected many years later, were distinctly half-hearted. 据公爵许多年之后的回忆，他当时明显只是敷衍了事。

vt. [正式] 承认某事:
vt. 1 让某人或某事物去做某事；让某事发生或被执行。即允许，准许。是“允许”的常规用词:
2 常用被动式，让某人或某事物进入某地、通过某地、从某地出来等（总之是与一个地方发生特定的关系）:
3 使某事成为可能:
4 [正式] 接受或承认某事；同意某事属实（或正确）:
vt. allow sth (for sb/sth) 为某一目的而确保拥有足够的某事物（如时间、金钱、食物等），如留出，给出:
vt. allow sth (for sb/sth) 为某一目的而确保拥有足够的某事物（如时间、金钱、食物等），如留出，给出:
vt. 让某人拥有某事物，即给予。不过有一种“允许对方…”的色彩，相对正式:
allow |[ə'laʊ][ə'laʊ]
He refuses to allow that such a situation could arise. 他拒不承认这种情况可能发生。
His parents won’t allow him to stay out late. 他的父母不会允许他在外待得很晚。
Smoking is not allowed in the hall. 大厅内不准吸烟。
No dogs allowed. 不准携狗入内。
The prisoners are allowed out of their cells for two hours a day. 囚犯每天可以放风两小时。
The crowd parted to allow her through. 人群向两旁闪开让她通过。
You won’t be allowed up for several days. 你将有几天不能下床。
A ramp allows easy access for wheelchairs. 坡道便于轮椅进出。
The judge allowed my claim. 法官同意我的要求。
‘Objection!’ ‘I’ll allow it.’ “反对！”“反对成立。”
He refuses to allow that such a situation could arise. 他拒不承认这种情况可能发生。
She was very helpful when my mother was ill--I’ll allow you that. 我母亲生病时她帮了很大的忙——我同意你说的这一点。
You need to allow three metres of fabric for the dress. 这身衣服你需要用三米布料。
You need to allow three metres of fabric for the dress. 这身衣服你需要用三米布料。
You’re allowed an hour to complete the test. 你们有一个小时的时间来完成这次测验。
I’m not allowed visitors. 我不可以接见来访者。

adj. [尤美] 只用于名词前，为某人设计并建造的、为某人设计并制作的，即订做的、订制的，相当于custom-built或custom-made:
n. [sing.] [正式或文学] 一个人惯常的行为方式，即个人习惯或习性，相当于habit或practice:
n. [C, U] custom (of doing sth) 一个社会或社区里被认可或接受的行为方式或做事方式，即习俗、风俗:
n. [U] [英，正式]（英美也用business）顾客或客户在商店或公司里购买产品的情况，可称为惠顾、光顾:
custom |['kʌstəm]
a custom motorcycle 订制的摩托车
It was her custom to rise early. 早起是她的习惯。
the custom of giving presents at Christmas 在圣诞节赠送礼物的习俗 
local, native（尤美）custom 当地风俗 
family custom 家族习俗 
marriage, religious, social custom 婚俗；宗教习俗；社会风俗
Thank you for your custom. Please call again. 谢谢您的惠顾，请下次再来。
We’ve lost a lot of custom since prices went up. 自从价格上涨以来我们失去了很多生意。

n. [C] 太阳穴或鬓角的部位:
n. [C]（尤指佛教、犹太教、摩门教、印度教等非基督教的）庙宇、神殿等拜神的地方:
temple |['templ]
left, right temple 左太阳穴；右太阳穴 
There was a throbbing in her temple. 她的太阳穴直跳。
He’s going white at the temples. 他两鬓开始斑白了。
the great temples of Egypt 埃及宏伟的神殿 
ancient temple 古代寺庙 
Greek temple 希腊神庙 
holy, sacred temple 圣殿 
Buddhist temple 佛教的寺庙 
temple complex 寺庙建筑群 
They went to pray in the temple. 他们去寺庙祈祷。

n. [C] ~ (of/to sth) 相等、相同或对应的的东西、数量、词语、效果等:
adj. ~ (to sth)（价值、数量、意义、重要性等）相等的、相同的:
equivalent |[ɪˈkwɪvələnt]
Send €20 or the equivalent in your own currency. 寄20欧元或等值的贵国货币。
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, the human equivalent of BSE 克罗伊茨费尔特——雅各布病——相当于疯牛病的人类疾病 
The German ‘Gymnasium’ is the closest equivalent to the grammar school in England. 德语Gymnasium基本上相当于英格兰的文法学校。
Breathing such polluted air is the equivalent of (= has the same effect as) smoking ten cigarettes a day. 呼吸污染这么严重的空气等于每天抽十支烟。
The equivalent of two tablespoons of polyunsaturated oils is ample each day. 每天相当于两大汤匙多重不饱和油的量就足够了。
Even the cheapest car costs the equivalent of 70 years' salary for a government worker. 即使是最便宜的汽车，价格也相当于一个公务员70年的薪水。
the civil administrator of the West Bank and his equivalent in Gaza 约旦河西岸的民政官和加沙的同职官员 
the Red Cross emblem, and its equivalent in Muslim countries, the Red Crescent 红十字及其在伊斯兰国家的对应标志——红月牙 
His party has just suffered the equivalent of a near-fatal heart attack. 他所在的政党刚刚经历了一次类似心脏病突发般几近致命的打击。
the nearest equivalent we have to a carnival 我们有的与狂欢节最相似的节日 
the modern equivalent of the Roman baths 罗马浴室的现代版 
The campaign says that hunters are the moral equivalent of murderers. 这一运动宣称，在道德层面上捕猎者等同于杀人犯。
These drawings are the visual equivalents of stage whispers. 这些图画等同于舞台上的可视旁边。
verbal equivalent 意义相同的词语 
architectural, cinematic, journalistic, literary, musical, sporting（尤英） equivalent 建筑方面的对应物；电影方面的对应物；新闻方面的对应物；文学方面的对应物；音乐方面的对应物；体育方面的对应物 
the online equivalent of the telephone 与电话相当的在线通讯工具 
The company has $43.8 million in cash and cash equivalents. 该公司拥有4,380万美元的现金和现金等价物。
a word which has no direct equivalent in English 在英语中找不到对应词的词语 
Each sponsor received the equivalent of £1 million worth of advertising. 每位赞助商均获得价值100万英镑的广告收益。
He's only paid the equivalent of $200. 他只得到了相当于200美元的物品。
There is no exact male equivalent for witches. 没有和女巫完全对等的男性角色。
It is the approximate equivalent in height to the Matterhorn. 这个高度与马特峰接近。
This qualification is the equivalent of a degree. 这一资格相当于大学学位。
This concert hall has been described as the American equivalent to London's Albert Hall. 这个音乐厅可称得上是美国的伦敦艾伯特音乐厅。
Eight kilometres is roughly equivalent to five miles. 八公里约等于五英里。
250 grams or an equivalent amount in ounces 250克或与之等量的盎司 
the price we would pay elsewhere for a broadly equivalent house 我们在其它地方购置大致相同的房子要付的价钱 
These first computers were equivalent in power to a modern calculator. 这些最初的计算机与现代计算器功能相同。

vt. discount sth (as sth) 是一种正式用法，表示认为（或说）…不重要、不真实或不相关，即不理会，相当于dismiss。但不常用:
n. [C,U] discount on/off sth 价格折扣，指从正常价格里砍掉的数额，是此义的常规用词，最为常用。与reduction近似:
vt. 打折出售，同义词为reduce:
discount |['dɪskaʊnt]
We cannot discount the possibility of further strikes. 我们不能低估再次发生罢工的可能性。
The news reports were being discounted as propaganda. 人们认为这些新闻报道不过是为了宣传，不可全信。
special discount 特别优惠 
group discount 团体折扣 
cash discount 现金折扣 
bulk discount 大宗购买折扣 
discount coupon（尤美）, discount voucher（英）优惠券 
discount price 优惠价 
discount shop, discount store 折扣商店 
discount airline（美）廉价航空 
to be entitled/allowed to a discount 享受折扣价 
Tickets are available to members at a discount. 会员可以优惠价购票。
Customers are allowed a discount of 10% on orders over $500. 订单超过500美元的顾客可以享受9折优惠。
Do you give any discount? 你们打折吗？
discounted prices, discounted fares 打折价；打折票价

Comparative is also a noun. 比较级
A comparative study is a study that involves the comparison of two or more things of the same kind. 比较的 (研究)
comparatively 比较地
You use comparative to show that you are judging something against a previous or different situation. For example, comparative calm is a situation which is calmer than before or calmer than the situation in other places. 比较的 (平静等)
comparative |英 [kəm'pærətɪv]  美 [kəm'pærətɪv]| adj. 比较的；相当的/n. 比较级；对手/
The comparative of "pretty" is "prettier."的比较级是。
...a comparative study of the dietary practices of people from various regions of India.…对印度不同地区人们饮食习惯的比较研究。
...a comparatively small nation.…一个比较小的国家。
The task was accomplished with comparative ease.这项任务完成得比较容易。


n. 1 [C] 词典；字典；辞书:
2 [C] 解释某一学科的词汇术语的一本书:
3 [C] 电子形式的字词表（例如存储在计算机的拼写检查程序上的电子词典）:
dictionary |['dɪkʃənərɪ]
electronic dictionary 电子词典 
pocket dictionary 袖珍词典 
English dictionary 英语词典 
English-Spanish dictionary 英语-西班牙语词典 
bilingual, monolingual dictionary 双语词典；单语词典 
learner’s dictionary 学习型词典 
to look up in the dictionary 查词典 
dictionary entry 词典中的词条 
a dictionary of mathematics 数学词典 

vt. 1 design sth (for sb/sth) 通过画出方案、制作模型等方式来决定某事物将来的外观、工作原理等，可称为设计、制图、构思:
design sth (as sth) 常用被动式，（为某一目的或用途而）制作、设计:
n. 1 [U, C] 在某事物（如一栋建筑物、一本书、一部机器等）的制作方面，可指对其不同部分所进行的通盘安排，可称为设计、布局、安排:
2 [U] 通过画出方案、制作模型等方式来决定某事物将来的外观、工作原理等，是一种艺术或过程，可称为设计艺术、构思等:
3 [C] design (for sth) 制作某东西（或做某事）所需要的一份图样或方案，如设计图样、设计方案:
vt. 1 思考并规划一个体系（或一种做某事的方式等），可称为计划、筹划、制定:
design sth (as sth) 常用被动式，（为某一目的或用途而）打算:
n. [U, C] 一个计划、打算、目的或意图:
n. [C] 作为装饰的（线条和图案的）一种安排，可称为装饰图案、花纹等，相当于pattern:
design |[dɪ'zaɪn]
to design a car, to design a dress, to design an office, to design a poster 设计汽车；设计连衣裙；设计办公室；设计海报 
the first yogurt designed especially for babies and toddlers 第一种专为婴幼儿设计的酸奶 
a service designed exclusively for women 女士专属服务 
2 design sth (for sth) 
The method is specifically designed for use in small groups. 这方法是专为小组活动设计的。
Their new car is still at the design stage. 他们的新车尚处于设计阶段。
The magazine will appear in a new design from next month. 从下月起这本杂志将以新的设计面世。
architectural, industrial, interior design 建筑设计；工业设计；室内设计 
computer-aided design 计算机辅助设计 
the design and development of new products 新产品的设计和开发 
software, website design 软件设计；网站设计 
design business, design company, design firm 设计行业；设计公司 
design director, design team 设计主管；设计团队 
design program, design software 设计程序；设计软件 
designs for aircraft 飞机的设计图样
We need to design a new syllabus for the third year. 我们需要为三年级学生制订一个新的课程大纲。
2 design sth (for sth) 
The programme is designed to help people who have been out of work for a long time. 这项计划的目的是为长期失业者提供帮助。
It is all part of his grand design. 这都是他那宏大计划的一部分。
evil design 邪恶的意图 
Had it happened by accident or by design? 这件事是意外还是人为策划的？
abstract, circular, floral, geometric, symmetrical design 抽象的图案；环形的图案；花卉图案；几何图案；对称图案

n. [C] 来自不同群体的代表所参与的、对…进行讨论和决策的一个（或一系列）大型正式会议，可称为代表大会:
n. 1 [C] Congress 指美国及其他一些国家的国会，议会。其中美国的Congress包括the Senate（参议院）和the House of Representatives（众议院）:
2 [C] 用于某些国家的政党名称，如国民大会:
congress |[ˈkɒŋgres;美ˈkɑ:ŋgrəs]
international, national, world congress 国际代表大会；全国代表大会；世界代表大会 
party congress 党代表大会 
extraordinary congress 非常会议 
full congress 全体代表大会 
a congress of coal miners 煤矿工人代表大会 
an international congress of trades unions 工会国际代表大会 
The Republic congress applauded this news enthusiastically. 共和党代表大会与会代表热烈鼓掌庆祝这一消息。
The committee will call a national congress of 800 delegates. 该委员会将在全国范围内召集一次由800名代表参加的代表大会。
Three hundred delegates attended the Liberal party congress. 三百名代表出席了自由党代表大会 
The general secretary opened the congress on global warming. 秘书长宣布全球变暖问题代表大会正式开幕。
The congress agreed to the tax-cutting package. 大会通过了减税的一揽子计划。
congress attendee, congress delegate, congress participant 出席代表大会者；大会代表；与会者 
We met again at the annual congress. 我们在年度代表大会上又相遇了。
a congress on language in education 关于语言教学的代表大会
Congress will vote on the proposals tomorrow. 国会明天将对提案进行投票表决。
President Fujimori suspended Congress and the judiciary. 总统藤森暂停了国会和司法机构的日常活动。
Within two years of coming to power, he dissolved Congress and the courts. 他执政不到两年就解散了国会和法院。
They will have to go to Congress to get the money. 他们将不得不到国会去获取这笔钱。
Outraged, he took his case to Congress. 激愤之下，他把案子提交到了国会。
Congress approved most of the new powers. 国会批准了大部分新的权限。
Congress passed a series of important measures. 国会通过了一系列重要措施。
Congress annually enacts legislation to fund NASA. 国会每年通过立法向国家航空航天局拨款。
Congress is currently considering legislation that would authorize the US nuclear weapons laboratories to study new types of nuclear weapons. 国会目前正在考虑立法授权美国核武器实验室研究新型核武器。
Congress debated the issue at length. 国会对该议题展开了长时间辩论。
Congress voted to delay a decision. 国会投票决定推迟做出决定。
Congress appropriated $75 million for the program.（美）国会给该项目拨款7,500万美元。
Congress adjourned for the year without approving an economic stimulus package. 国会还没批准经济刺激一揽子计划就进入了年度休会了。
Congress member 国会成员 
Congress leader 国会领袖 
The Liberals in Congress felt the reforms did not go far enough. 国会中的自由派人士觉得改革还不够深入。
legislation for the next session of Congress 国会下一届会议的立法工作 
the African National Congress 非洲国民大会

adj. 1（线、杆等）与一个水平面垂直的，或（在一个图片等中从顶部到底部）竖直的，相当于perpendicular:
2 拥有顶部、中间及底部结构的，即纵向的:
n. [C]（常用the vertical）垂直的线（或位置），相当于perpendicular:
vertical |['və:tɪkl]
the vertical axis of the graph 图的纵轴 
The cliff was almost vertical. 那悬崖几乎是垂直的。
a vertical flow of communication 上下级纵向交流 
The wall is several degrees off the vertical. 这堵墙倾斜了有好几度。

~ (that…) 因受到不公对待而感到愤怒或惊讶的，如愤慨的、义愤的:
indignant |[ɪnˈdɪgnənt]
adj. ~ (at/about sth) 
indignant letter, indignant look 愤慨的信函；愤慨的神情 
She was very indignant at the way she had been treated. 她对于自己受到的待遇大为光火。
They were indignant that they hadn't been invited. 他们因没有受到邀请而愤愤不平。
He is indignant at suggestions that they were secret agents. 有人暗示他们可能是特务，这让他非常气愤。
MPs were indignant that the government had not consulted them. 政府没有事先征求他们的意见，下院议员们感到很愤怒。
She waxes indignant if anyone tries to contradict her. 如果有人想反驳，她就会愤愤不平。
'He deserves to be punished, ' she protested, righteously indignant. "他应该受到惩罚。"她义愤填膺地抗议道。
She became rather indignant over suggestions that she had lied. 有人暗示她说谎，她颇为愤慨。They were quite indignant at his remarks. 他们对他的言论十分恼火。

vt.（不用于进行时）[正式] 心存、怀有（想法、希望、感觉、态度等）:
vt.&vi. 引起某人的兴趣并让其发笑:
vt.&vi.（尤指在自己家中）用饮食招待、款待宾客:
entertain |[ˌentəˈteɪn;美-tərˈt-]
I wouldn't entertain the idea of such an unsociable job. 我不会考虑从事这种不跟人打交道的工作。
He had entertained hopes of a reconciliation. 他曾对和解抱有希望。
to entertain a doubt, to entertain a suspicion 持怀疑态度 
I feel how foolish I am to entertain doubts. 我竟然心存怀疑，真是太愚蠢了。
I am amazed that such a crazy idea could be seriously entertained. 有人居然会专注于如此古怪的想法，我感到大为惊讶。
briefly entertaining hopes that he might keep the affair a secret 曾有一刻希望他能对这件事保守秘密 
She would make no promises, but was willing to entertain the idea. 她没有作任何承诺，但愿意考虑这个想法。
He entertained us for hours with his stories and jokes. 他既讲故事又说笑话，把我们逗得乐了好几个小时。
The aim of the series is both to entertain and inform. 这个系列节目旨在集知识和娱乐为一体。
games and ideas to entertain children 带给孩子们快乐的游戏和想法 
They were entertained by top singers, dancers and celebrities. 顶级歌手、舞蹈演员和名人们给他们带来娱乐。
Everyone was thoroughly entertained.每个人都给逗乐了。
She entertained us with stories of her travels. 她给我们讲她的旅游见闻以逗我们开心。
Films can entertain and educate, make you laugh or cry. 电影有娱乐和教育的作用，能引人发笑，也能催人泪下。
We hired a magician to keep the children entertained. 我们请了一个魔术师来逗孩子们开心。
I don't like to entertain guests anymore. 我再也不想招待客人了。
You weren't allowed to entertain men in your rooms even with a chaperone. 即使你有监护人陪同，也不允许在房间里招待男性。
The job involves a lot of entertaining. 这项工作需要经常设宴招待客人。
Barbecues are a favourite way of entertaining friends. 烤肉野餐是最受人喜爱的待客方式。
The Bradfords always entertained lavishly at Christmas. 布拉德福德夫妇在圣诞节总是盛情地款待大家。
They entertained us to lunch in their new house.（to尤为英式用法）他们请我们在他们的新居吃午饭。

n. 1 [U] 做某事的效率（即不浪费时间或金钱）:
2 [pl.] efficiencies可指高效的方法（即节省时间或金钱的方法）:
n. [U] [术语]（机器或发动机的）效率、功率:
n. [C] 一厅的小公寓房（居室兼作厨房，带有一个独立盥洗室）。相当于美式英语中的efficiency apartment:
efficiency |[ɪˈfɪʃnsi]
improvements in efficiency at the factory 工厂效率的提高 
I was impressed by the efficiency with which she handled the crisis. 她应对危机效率之高给我留下了深刻的印象。
There are many ways to increase agricultural efficiency in the poorer areas of the world. 有很多方法能够提高世界贫困地区的农业效率。
attempts to achieve greater efficiency in the production process 在生产过程中达到较高效率的努力 
The optimum design allows bartenders to work at peak efficiency. 最佳的设计使酒吧服务员的工作效率达到最高。
cost efficiency 成本效率 
mental, physical efficiency 脑力劳动效率；体力劳动效率 
administrative, business, economic, industrial, management, mechanical, operational, organizational, production, technical efficiency 行政效率；商业效率；经济效率；工业效率；管理效率；机械效率；运营效率；组织效率；生产效率；技术效率 
The Internet's promise to bring more efficiency to the distribution chain is still materializing. 通过互联网来提高经销链效率的这一前景还在继续显现出来。
efficiency measures 提高效率的措施 
New procedures had been introduced as part of an efficiency drive.（drive尤为英式用法）已引入新的方法作为提高效率举措的一部分。
the efficiency gains resulting from improved technology 改善技术带来的效率提高。
The uprising was put down with ruthless efficiency. 起义被迅速镇压下去了。
We are looking at our business to see where savings and efficiencies can be made. 我们正在研究我们的经营情况，看是否有可以节约和提高功效的地方。
energy efficiency 能效 
fuel, thermal efficiency 燃料效率；热效率 
We have failed to improve fuel efficiency standards. 我们试图提升燃料效能，结果失败了 
greater efficiency in energy use 能源使用方面的更高效率

n. 1 [U] ~ (to/towards sb/sth)（对人或事物的）忠诚:
2 [C, usually pl.] 要忠于某人或某事物的一种强烈感情:
loyalty |[ˈlɔɪəlti]
They swore their loyalty to the king. 他们宣誓效忠国王。
I have sworn an oath of loyalty to the monarchy. 我已发誓效忠皇室。
This is seen as a reward for the army's loyalty during a barracks revolt earlier this month. 此举被视为是对在本月初一场军营叛变中表现忠心不贰的军队的奖赏。
Can I count on your loyalty? 我能指望你对我忠诚吗？
He showed unswerving loyalty to his friends. 他表现出了对朋友始终不渝的忠心。
blind loyalty 盲目的忠心；愚忠 
His prime loyalty was to his family. 他对家庭最为忠诚。
family, personal, tribal loyalty 对家庭的忠诚；对个人的忠诚；对部落的忠诚 
local, regional loyalty 对地方的忠心；对地区的忠心 
ethnic, religious loyalty 对种族的忠诚；对宗教的忠诚 
party, political loyalty 对政党的忠诚；政治上的忠诚 
brand, consumer loyalty 品牌忠诚度；消费者的忠诚 
to build customer loyalty 建立顾客忠诚度 
He inspires great loyalty from all his employees. 他赢得所有雇员的耿耿忠心。
The company expects loyalty from its employees. 公司希望员工能忠心耿耿。
Some party members found it hard to switch their loyalty to the new leader. 有些党员觉得难以转而支持新任领导人。
to buy his loyalty 收买他的忠心 
She owed no loyalty to him. 她不用对他忠心。
loyalty oath 效忠誓言 
loyalty test 效忠考验 
loyalty card (= that gives benefits to regular customers of a shop/store, etc.)（英）（商场的）会员积分卡 
loyalty points（英）忠诚积分 
Customers earn loyalty points every time they shop in the store. 顾客每次在店里购物都会获得忠诚积分。
She stayed on at the school out of loyalty to her students. 她是出于对学生的忠心才继续待在学校的。
The village is the object of fierce loyalty among its inhabitants. 居民对所居住的村子有着强烈的眷恋之心。
Mass advertising creates brand loyalty for a product. 大量的广告可以建立起人们对产品的品牌忠诚度。
men whose loyalty is to their political careers 忠于自己的政治生涯的男人们 
The team members felt tremendous loyalty towards one another. 队员互相之间都非常忠诚。
a conflict of loyalties 各种忠诚的冲突 
an oath of loyalty, a pledge of loyalty 效忠誓言 
a sense of loyalty 忠诚感 
a case of divided loyalties (= with strong feelings of support for two different causes, people, etc.) 两面效忠 
She had developed strong loyalties to the Manet family. 她对马内家族忠心耿耿。
His loyalties lay with people from the same background as himself. 他效忠的是那些和他有相同背景的人。

n. [C] 火山:
volcano |[vɒl'keɪnəʊ]
active, dormant volcano 活火山；休眠火山 
submarine, undersea volcano 海底火山

adj.（在数量方面）微不足道的:
adj.（在重要性方面）微不足道的:
negligible |[ˈneglɪdʒəbl]
The cost was negligible. 费用不大，无关紧要。
a negligible amount 很小的量 
The pay that the soldiers received was negligible. 士兵拿到的军饷少得可怜。
Senior managers are convinced that the strike will have a negligible impact. 高层主管们相信罢工的影响微不足道。
Delays in the courts are far from negligible. 在法庭上的耽搁绝非无关紧要。

n. [C, U] 某事物的详细说明书（说明某事物如何被设计或制作），如规格:
n. [C, U] 对规格提出的具体要求:
specification |[ˌspesɪfɪˈkeɪʃn]
the technical specifications of the new model (= of car) 新型号的技术规格 
The house has been built exactly to our specifications. 房子完全是按照我们的工程设计书建造的。
Each vehicle can be equipped according to your specifications.每一辆车都可以按照您的具体要求来配置。
The office was furnished to a high specification. 办公室是按高规格装潢的。
The yachts are built to the highest specifications. 这些快艇是按照最高规格建造的。
Troll's exclusive, personalized luggage is made to our own exacting specifications in heavy-duty PVC/nylon. 特罗尔专用的、个性化的行李箱是按照我们自己严格的规格要求用耐用聚氯乙烯/尼龙材料定制的。
Legislation will require UK petrol companies to meet an EU specification for petrol. 法规将要求英国的汽油公司必须达到欧盟对汽油的规格要求。
design, performance, product, technical specification 设计规格；性能规格；产品规格；技术规格 
customer specification 客户具体要求 
contract, job specification（均尤英）合同细则；职务细则 
The manager has drafted job specifications for each of the positions. 经理拟就了各个工作岗位的职务细则。
The prototype has the same basic specifications.原型的基本规格相同。
The aircraft have to meet the strict specifications laid down by the FAA. 航空器必须符合联邦航空局制定的严格规范。
Each vehicle can be equipped according to your specifications.每一辆车都可以按照您的具体要求来配置。
The office was furnished to a high specification. 办公室是按高规格装潢的。
The yachts are built to the highest specifications. 这些快艇是按照最高规格建造的。
Troll's exclusive, personalized luggage is made to our own exacting specifications in heavy-duty PVC/nylon. 特罗尔专用的、个性化的行李箱是按照我们自己严格的规格要求用耐用聚氯乙烯/尼龙材料定制的。
Legislation will require UK petrol companies to meet an EU specification for petrol. 法规将要求英国的汽油公司必须达到欧盟对汽油的规格要求。
customer specification 客户具体要求 
The aircraft have to meet the strict specifications laid down by the FAA. 航空器必须符合联邦航空局制定的严格规范。

n. 1 [C] 彬彬有礼、有良好教养的男士，即君子，绅士:
2 [C] [过时] 社会的高阶层人士（尤指不需要工作的人）:
n. [C, usually pl.] [正式] 用于称呼男子（尤指不认识的男子），即先生:
n. [sing.] [美] 对立法机构（如众议院）男性议员的称呼，即先生，阁下:
gentleman |['dӡentlmən]
He’s a real gentleman, always kind and considerate. 他是个真正的绅士，总是很和善且体谅别人。
a gentleman farmer 乡绅（以拥有农场为乐趣，而不作为主业）
Ladies and gentlemen! Can I have your attention, please? 女士们，先生们，请大家注意！
elderly gentleman 老先生

~ sb from doing sth [正式] 阻止某事发生；阻止某人做某事；使某事成为不可能:
preclude |[prɪˈklu:d]
vt. ~ sth 
to preclude the possibility 排除可能性 
Lack of time precludes any further discussion. 由于时间不足，不可能进行深入的讨论。
He would rebuff enquiries in such a way as to preclude any further discussion. 他会断然拒绝询问，使得无法进行进一步的讨论。
His religious beliefs precluded him/his serving in the army. 他的宗教信仰不允许他服兵役。
At 84, John feels his age precludes too much travel. 84岁的约翰感到自己年事已高，不能进行太多的旅行。
A constitutional amendment precludes any president from serving more than two terms. 一项宪法修正案使得任何总统的任职不得超过两届。
In some cases poor English precluded them from ever finding a job. 英语不好有时会让他们找不到工作。

adv.（组织）破裂地:
adv.（关系）破裂地:
adv. 成各个小部分:
adv. 用于表示…不包含在你所说的范围之内，即除外:
adv. 不在一起，分开，分离:
adv. 被时间上的距离所隔开，即（时间上）相隔，相距:
adv. 1 成碎片:
2（组织或关系等）破裂地:
adj.（人们或群体间在某一话题或问题上）持有截然不同的观点的:
adv.（人们或群体间在某一话题或问题上）持有截然不同的观点地:
adv. 被空间上的距离所隔开，即（空间上）相隔，相距:
apart |[ə'pɑːt][ə'pɑːt]
His company started falling apart. 他的公司开始分崩离析。
We had to take the engine apart. 我们不得不拆开引擎。
to take a clock apart 把钟拆开
Colin apart, not one of them seems suitable for the job. 除了科林，看来他们中谁也不适合这份工作。
We’re living apart now. 我们现在不住在一起。
Over the years, Rosie and I had drifted apart. 多年以来，我和罗西早已疏远。
She keeps herself apart from other people. 她与其他人保持距离。
I can’t tell the twins apart. 我分不出这一对双胞胎中谁是谁。
What really sets Mr. Lee apart is that he comes from China. 真正使李先生与众不同的是他来自中国。
It was the first time Jane and I had been apart for more than a few days. 这是我和简第一次分开超过了几天。
Their birthdays are only three days apart. 他们的生日仅隔三天。
The whole thing just came apart in my hands. 这整件东西偏偏在我手里碎了。
When his wife died, his world fell apart.（比喻用法）他在妻子去世后万念俱灰。
The company will start falling apart. 该公司将会开始分崩离析。
Their concept of a performance and our concept were miles apart. 他们对一场表演的概念和我们的概念相去甚远。
The two sides in the talks are still a long way apart.（比喻用法）谈判双方的意见仍相去甚远。
The two houses stood 500 metres apart. 两座房子相距500米。

adj. 1（人）名字不公开的，如匿名的:
2（缩写为anon.）（某事物）匿名的、不具名的:
adj. 没有任何特色的:
anonymous |[əˈnɒnɪməs;美əˈnɑ:n-]
an anonymous donor 不知姓名的捐赠者 
The money was donated by a local businessman who wishes to remain anonymous. 这笔款子是当地一位不愿透露姓名的企业家捐赠的。
An anonymous benefactor stepped in to provide the prize money. 一个匿名捐助者施以援手提供了奖金。
the largely anonymous perpetrators of terrorist acts 恐怖事件中一般姓名不为人知的罪犯 
You can remain anonymous if you wish. 你愿意的话可以不透露姓名。
My client wishes to remain anonymous. 我的客户不希望公开姓名。
an anonymous letter 匿名信 
Of course, that would have to be by anonymous vote. 当然，那必须通过不记名投票的方式。
long stretches of dull and anonymous countryside 大片大片千篇一律、枯燥平淡的乡村 
the most anonymous part of north-west Washington 华盛顿西北部最无特色的地区 
It's nice to stay in a home rather than in an anonymous holiday villa. 呆在家里比呆在单调乏味的度假别墅里要惬意得多。

vt. consider sb/sth (as) sth 以某种方式来看待…，即认为，以为，觉得:
vt. 考虑…，尤指考虑到他人的感情或感受，并在做决策等时候受这种考虑的影响，如体谅，顾及，考虑到:
vt. [正式] 仔细看…，如端详:
vt.＆vi. 仔细考虑或思考某事（尤指为了做出一个决定）。比think相对正式:
consider |[kən'sɪdə]
He considers himself an expert on the subject. 他认为自己是这门学科的专家。
Who do you consider (to be) responsible for the accident? 你认为谁对这起事故负有责任？
He is widely considered to be a future star. 人们普遍认为他将来会成为明星。
This award is considered (to be) a great honour. 该奖项被视为极大的荣誉。
These workers are considered (as) a high-risk group. 这些工人被视为高风险人群。 
You should consider other people before you act. 你在行动之前应当考虑到别人。
He stood there, considering the painting. 他站在那里，凝视着那幅画。
 a carefully considered response 一个经过仔细考虑的回复 
We’re considering buying a new car. 我们在考虑买一辆新车。
He was considering what to do next. 他在考虑下一步怎么办。
I’d like some time to consider. 我希望花些时间考虑一下。
Each case is considered separately. 对每种情况分别进行考虑。

Consecutive periods of time or events happen one after the other without interruption. 连续的
consecutive |英 [kən'sekjʊtɪv]  美 [kən'sɛkjətɪv]| adj. 连贯的；连续不断的/
The Cup was won for the third consecutive year by the Toronto Maple Leafs.这个奖杯连续第三年由多伦多枫叶队赢去了。


adj. 壮观的、壮丽的、令人惊叹的。相当于breathtaking:
n. [C] 壮观的场面；盛大精彩的表演:
spectacular |[spekˈtækjələ(r)]
spectacular scenery 壮丽的景色 
The waterfall is truly spectacular. 瀑布真的很壮观。
spectacular views of the Sugar Loaf Mountain 甜面包山的壮观景色 
They have revamped the business with spectacular success. 他们成功地调整了业务，成绩斐然。
Vieira scored a spectacular goal. 维埃拉攻进了一个精彩入球。
It was a spectacular achievement on their part. 这是他们取得的一项了不起的成就。
a Christmas TV spectacular 精彩的圣诞节电视节目 
a television spectacular 一场电视盛宴 
one of the world's great sporting spectaculars 世界上最壮观的体育盛事之一

If you do one action directly after another, you do the second action as soon as the first one is finished. 立即
If something is directly above, below, or in front of something, it is in exactly that position. 正好地
directly |英 [dɪ'rektlɪ; daɪ-]  美 [dəˈrektli]| adv. 直接地；立即；马上；正好地；坦率地/conj. 一…就/
Most guests left directly after the wake.守灵仪式一结束，大部分客人就立刻走了。
The second rainbow will be bigger than the first, and directly above it.第二道彩虹将比第一道更大，并位于第一道的正上方。


n. [pl. U] 经济因素；（商业或社会领域的）经济情况、经济体制:
n. [U] 经济学:
economics |[ˌi:kəˈnɒmɪks;ˌekə-;美-ˈnɑ:m-]
The economics of the project are very encouraging. 这项工程的经济情况非常令人鼓舞。
He is regarded as a committed supporter of a radical free-market economics policy. 他被视为激进的自由市场经济体制政策的坚定支持者。
the economics of the third world 第三世界的经济体制
He studied politics and economics at Yale. 他曾在耶鲁大学学习政治学和经济学。
He gained a first class Honours degree in economics. 他获得了经济学一等荣誉学位。
applied, theoretical economics 应用经济学；理论经济学 
classical, conventional, mainstream, orthodox economics 古典经济学；传统经济学；主流经济学；正统经济学 
free-market, Keynesian, laissez-faire, liberal, market, Marxist, monetary, neoclassical, supply-side economics 自由市场经济学；凯恩斯经济学；自由放任经济学；自由主义经济学；市场经济学；马克思主义经济学；货币经济学；新古典经济学；供应学派经济学 
trends int modern economics 现代经济学趋势 
He shows an understanding of basic economics here. 他在此处展示出对基础的经济学的理解。
agricultural, behavioural/behavioral（尤美）, business, development, environmental, industrial, welfare economics 农业经济学；行为经济学；商业经济学；发展经济学；环境经济学；产业经济学；福利经济学 
a school of economics 经济学派

vi. act as/like sth 充当某一角色，起作用:
vi. act (on sth) 对…产生作用或影响:
vi. 行为，举止，表现。是此义的一个基础用词:
n. [C] 人的某一种（或某一个）行为、作为或行动:
vi. 为某一目的或为应对某种情况而做事，行动:
n. [sing.] 假装:
vt.＆vi. 假装。不如pretend常用:
n. [C] 一个（或一组）表演者:
n. [C] 整场演出（show）中的一小段演出:
vt.＆vi. 扮演戏剧或电影中的一个角色:
n. [C] 戏剧（或歌剧等）的一幕:
n. [C] 议会所通过的一部法律、法案或法令:
act |[ækt]
Can you act as interpreter? 你能担任口译员吗？
hormones in the brain that act like natural painkillers 大脑中起着天然止痛药作用的激素 
Alcohol acts quickly on the brain. 酒精对大脑迅速产生影响。
Stop acting like spoilt children! 别再像惯坏的孩子那样胡闹了！
The country’s highest court ruled that police had acted unlawfully. 该国的最高法院判定警方的行为不合法。
to act responsibly 为自己的行为负责 
Jenny has been acting rather strangely recently. 珍妮近来的行为一直很古怪。
The government was criticized for failing to act decisively. 政府做事不果断，受到了批评。
She was acting as if she owned the place. 她的一举一动好像在说这是她的地盘似得。
charitable, kind act 善举；仁慈的行为 
heroic, selfless act 英勇的行为；无私的行为 
aggressive, violent act 攻击性行为；暴力行为 
to plan terrorist acts 策划恐怖行动 
criminal, illegal, wrongful act 犯罪行为；非法行为；错误行为 
foolish, impulsive act 愚蠢的行为；冲动的行为 
a private act of revenge 个人报复行为 
political, symbolic act 政治行动；象征性的举动 
homosexual, sex, sexual act 同性恋行为；性行为 
the act of writing, the act of stealing 写东西；行窃 
an act of love 出于爱心的举动
The government needs to act against the sale of these dangerous toys. 政府需要采取措施，禁止这些危险玩具的销售。
The girl’s life was saved because the doctors acted so promptly. 多亏医生行动迅速，女孩的生命得救了。
His lawyers are continuing to act for him. 他的几位律师继续代理他的事务。
His excuse was that he had acted in good faith. 他辩解说他当时是出于好心。
Don’t take her seriously--it’s all an act. 别跟她认真——这全是假戏一场。
Don’t take any notice--she’s just putting on an act! 别理她——她只是在装样子！
He’s been acting the devoted husband all day. 他整天装作模范丈夫的样子。
I decided to act dumb. 我决定装哑。
live act 现场表演的演员 
solo act 单人节目的演员 
double act 双人节目演员 
main, support act 主角；配角 
Their new player looks a class act.（非正式用法）他们新来的球员看上去很优秀。
opening act 开幕式表演 
circus, comedy, dance, music, stage, magic, variety act 马戏表演；喜剧表演；舞蹈表演；音乐表演；舞台表演；魔术表演；综艺表演 
balancing act（比喻用法）玩平衡 
The cat had done a disappearing act.（比喻用法）那只猫玩起了失踪。
Have you ever acted? 你演过戏吗？
Most of the cast act well. 这出戏大多数演员演得不错。
Who’s acting Hamlet? 谁演哈姆雷特？
a play in five acts 一出五幕剧 
opening act 开场 
final act 最后一幕 
The hero dies in Act 5, Scene 3. 男主角在第五幕第三场死去。
an Act of Congress 国会法案 
the Higher Education Act 高等教育法 
The Act was passed by a majority of 175 votes to 143. 此法令以175票对143票的多数票获得通过。
to violate the Data Security Act of 2006 违反2006年的《数据安全法》
He was charged under the Firearms Act. 他被指控违反了《枪支管理条例》。

n. [C, usually pl] ~ (for sth) 对不利局面的补偿:
n. [U, C] ~ (for sth) 因自己（或自己拥有的事物）遭到损害所得到的补偿或赔偿，尤指赔偿的金钱；也可指补偿或赔偿的行为:
compensation |[ˌkɒmpenˈseɪʃn;美ˌkɑ:m-]
I wish I were young again, but getting older has its compensations. 我要是能再次年轻就好了，但上了年纪也有上了年纪的好处。
Helen gained some compensation for her earlier defeat by winning the final open class. 海伦在公开组决赛中取胜，这对她早先的失败算是一种补偿。
Despite a reduction in earnings there are compensations in moving to the north-east where the quality of life is excellent. 尽管钱会挣得少一点，搬到生活质量高的东北部去还是有很多好处的。
cash, financial, monetary compensation 现金赔偿；经济补偿；金钱上的补偿 
deferred compensation 延期的赔偿 
unemployment compensation（美）失业补偿 
She got some compensation for damages. 她的损失得到了一些赔偿。
the rules used for determining compensation 用于确定赔偿的规则 
If the government is proved negligent, compensation will be payable. 如果证明是政府的疏忽，就应支付赔偿。
compensation claim 赔偿要求 
compensation committee（尤美）赔偿委员会 
compensation costs 赔偿费用 
compensation fund 赔偿基金 
compensation insurance（尤美）赔偿保险 
compensation order（尤英）
compensation package 有关赔偿的一揽子方案 
compensation payment 赔偿金 
compensation benefits（美）赔偿金 
compensation plan（美）, compensation policy, compensation program（美）, compensation scheme（英）, compensation system 赔偿计划；赔偿政策；赔偿方案；赔偿制度 
compensation law 赔偿法 
compensation consultant, compensation handler（均美）赔偿顾问；理赔员 
She received £7,000 as compensation for her injuries. 她收到7,000英镑受伤赔偿。
to receive £10 000 in compensation 得到赔偿金 1 万英镑 
He received one year's salary as compensation for loss of office. 他得到一年的工资作为失业补偿金。
They will have to pay £5,000 in compensation. 他们得赔偿5,000英镑。
The money was small compensation for unfair dismissal. 这笔钱是对不公平解雇的少量补偿。
compensation from the government 政府做出的赔偿 
There should be compensation for British farmers hit by the slump in demand. 应该给受到需求锐减影响的英国农民提供补偿金。
