revolt				反抗，违抗，感到厌恶，使惊骇
specialist				专家，专科医生，专业的
carpet				地毯，覆盖，训斥
a carpet of				厚厚的一层
meditation				冥想，沉思
persist				持续存在，坚持不懈
avoid					避免，避开
yellow				黄色，胆小的
consult				咨询，查阅，商量
assume				假定，获得，装出，呈现
doctorate				博士学位
resultant				因而产生的
fuse					保险丝，导火线，熔接，结合
very					很，极端的，正是的，最合适的
very much				非常，很多
critic				评论家，批评者
ingenious				心灵手巧的
continent				大陆
residence				住所，居住
puppet				木偶，傀儡
consultant				顾问，医师
preparation				准备
presume				推测，认定，假定，擅自行事，利用
transistor				晶体管
precedent				先例
capacity				容纳的能力，产能，能力，职位
party					聚会，团体，党派，当事人
equation				方程，等同
commence				开始
neglect				疏于照管，遗漏，忽视
contemporary			同时代的，当代的，同龄人
continuous				连续的，持久的，进行的
the continuous tense		进行时
\\\\\\\\

vt. 令人厌恶:
vi. ~ (against sth) 反抗（上司或上级组织机构）:
vi. ~ (against sth)（行为）叛逆，拒绝服从（权威）:
n. [C, U]（对上司或上级组织机构的）反抗、拒绝服从:
vt. 使某人惊骇:
n. 1 [C, U]（尤指针对政府的）反抗；武装起义；暴力叛乱:
vi. ~ (against sb/sth) 反抗，反叛（当权者）:
revolt |[rɪˈvəʊlt;美-ˈvoʊlt]
The way he ate his food revolted me. 他吃饭的样子让我感到恶心。
The prime minister only reacted when three of his senior cabinet colleagues revolted and resigned in protest on Friday night. 直到周五晚上首相的三位高级内阁同僚倒戈并辞职以示抗议时，首相才有所反应。
Teenagers often revolt against parental discipline. 青少年常常不遵从父母的条条框框。
Caroline revolted against her ballet training at sixteen. 卡罗琳16岁时拒绝接受芭蕾舞训练。
The prime minister is facing a revolt by party activists over his refusal to hold a referendum. 因为拒绝进行公民投票，首相正面临着党内激进分子的反抗。
Soon the entire armed forces were in open revolt. 很快，整个武装部队开始公然抗命。
the biggest back-bench revolt this government has ever seen 本届政府所遭遇到的规模最大的一次普通下院议员的反抗 
There was a widespread revolt against the party leadership. 该党领导层遭到普遍反对。
Parliament came out in open revolt against the president. 议会公开宣布反对总统。
All the violence in the movie revolted me. 电影里的各种暴力场面令我非常震惊。
armed revolt 武装暴动 
peasant, peasant's, slave, student revolt 农民暴动；奴隶暴动；学生的反抗 
The people rose in revolt.（正式）人民奋起反抗。
the Peasants' Revolt of 1381 1381年的农民起义 
The army quickly crushed the revolt. 军队很快镇压了叛乱。
Attempts to negotiate peace ended in armed revolt. 和谈的努力最后以武装叛乱告终。
It was undeniably a revolt by ordinary people against their leaders. 不可否认，这是一场平民百姓反抗领导人的起义。
The newly-occupied Italian colony of Libya rose in revolt in 1914. 意大利新占领的殖民地利比亚于1914年发生叛乱。
The revolt was suppressed with total ruthlessness. 这次起义被极端残忍地镇压了。
Revolt broke out when the government decided to raise the price of bread. 政府决定提高面包价格，于是发生了暴乱。
The regime was finally over-thrown by a popular revolt. 该政权最终被群众暴动推翻了。
shareholder's revolt 股东的反抗 
tax revolt 抗税 
the revolt against the new tax 对新税的反抗 
the farmers' revolt over imported meat 农民对进口肉类的抗议 
Finally the people revolted against the military dictatorship. 人民最终起来反抗军事独裁。
The peasants threatened to revolt. 农民威胁说要造反。
In 1375 the townspeople revolted. 1375年，市民奋起反抗。
Zanzibar's fortunes declined after the islanders revolted against the sultanate in 1964. 桑给巴尔岛的居民于1964年反抗苏丹统治，随后时局便不断恶化。

adj. 只作前置定语，专业的:
n. [C] 某一医学分支领域的专科医生:
n. [C] 拥有某种技能或对某一学科所知甚多的一个人，即专家。此时相当于expert，二者未见明显分别，如果说有分别，也只能说expert使用范围最广，更常用一些:
specialist |['speʃəlɪst]
specialist advice, specialist magazines 专业人士的建议；专业杂志
clinical, hospital, medical, public-health specialist 临床专家；医院专科医生；医学专家；公共卫生专家 
cancer, eye specialist 癌症专科医生；眼科专科医生
finance, marketing, tax specialist 金融专业人员；营销专业人员；税务专业人员 
education, foreign-policy, technology specialist 教育专家；外交政策专家；技术专家 
software specialist 软件专业人员 
a computer security specialist 计算机安全专家 
intelligence, security specialist 情报专员；安全专员 
academic, industry, technical specialist 学术专家；行业专家；技术专家 
She is a specialist in children’s literature. 她是儿童文学领域的专家。
a specialist on the history of this city 这座城市历史方面的专家

vt. [尤英，非正式] 常用被动式，（由于某人做错了某事而）朝其愤怒地讲话，即训斥，相当于reprimand:
n. 1 [U]（用于铺在地板或楼梯上的）地毯:
2 [C] 一块地毯（尤指铺满整个房间的一块地毯）:
vt. 常用被动式，用地毯铺（房间的）地:
n. [C] [文学] carpet (of sth) 地上的一层厚东西:
vt. [文学] carpet sth (with/in sth) 常用被动式，用一层厚东西来覆盖某事物:
carpet |['kɑːpɪt]
patterned, plain carpet 有图案的地毯；素色的地毯 
wool carpet 羊毛地毯 
flying, magic carpet 飞毯；魔毯 
a roll of carpet 一卷地毯 
red carpet（常为比喻用法）红地毯 
We have fitted carpets in our house.（英）我们家的地上铺了地毯。
to lay a carpet 铺地毯 
a bedroom carpet 卧室地毯 
The hall was carpeted in blue. 大厅铺上了蓝色的地毯。
a deep carpet of snow 厚厚的一层积雪 
The leaves formed a carpet under the trees. 树下有一层落叶。
The forest floor was carpeted with wild flowers. 森林的地面上开满了野花。

n. 1 [U] 宗教冥想:
2 [U] 沉思、深思:
3 [C, usually pl.] [正式] ~ (on sth) 某人所写下（或说出）的对某个学科的沉思，即沉思录:
meditation |[ˌmedɪˈteɪʃn]
She found peace through yoga and meditation. 她通过瑜伽和冥想找到了宁静。
Many busy executives have begun to practice yoga and meditation. 许多忙碌的主管开始练习瑜伽和冥想。
Having chosen a meditation it is important that you stick to that meditation for, at the very least, a fortnight. 选择了一种冥想方法后，至少要坚持练习两周时间，这一点非常重要。
Techniques of deep meditation help people under stress. 冥想法有助于缓解压力。
She uses music and guided meditation to relax and inspire. 她用音乐和引导性冥想来帮助放松和吐纳气息。
Buddhist 佛教徒的冥想 
religious, transcendental meditation 宗教冥想；超脱禅定法 
Adherents spend hours in meditation. 信徒们花数小时冥想。
the man, lost in meditation, walking with slow steps along the shore 这名陷入沉思中的男子，沿着岸边慢慢地走着 
In his lonely meditations Antony had been forced to the conclusion that there had been rumours. 独自静心想来，安东尼断定曾有流言蜚语。
He was deep in meditation and didn't see me come in. 他正在沉思，没有看见我进来。
He stared out of the window in silent meditation. 他凝视窗外，默默地沉思着。
The novel is an extended meditation on art, love and loss. 这部小说是对艺术、爱情和失去的深入思考。
his meditations on life and art 他对生活和艺术的沉思录 
In fact, the entire novel is a long meditation on childbearing and mortality. 实际上，整部小说就是一部关于生儿育女与道德伦理的长篇沉思录。
The title track is a pointed meditation on a continent gone wrong. 主打歌是对一个误入歧途的大陆的深刻沉思。

vi.（不喜欢的事物）继续存在:
~ (with sth) 尽管有困难和反对，仍然近乎顽固地继续做某事，如顽强地坚持、执着地做:
persist |[pəˈsɪst;美pərˈs-]
If the symptoms persist, consult your doctor. 如果症状持续不消除，就得去看医生。
Contact your doctor if the cough persists. 如果还是咳嗽就去看医生。
This situation cannot be allowed to persist. 不能容许这种情形持续下去了。
Drought conditions continue to persist from Maine to Georgia. 从缅因州到佐治亚州旱情仍在持续。
The trade network persisted in spite of the political chaos. 尽管政治混乱，贸易网络仍持续着。
the problems that persisted during the three-day conference 在为期三天的会议召开期间仍然持续着的麻烦 
The depression persisted through much of the 1930s. 20世纪30年代的大部分时间都是经济萧条时期。
These problems persisted for much of the decade. 这些问题在那10年的大部分时间里一直存在。
The condition almost always persists beyond childhood. 这种情况几乎总是持续到童年之后。
The snows persisted until the second month of the new year. 雪一直下到第二年的二月。
a belief that persists to this day 存留至今的信念 
These practices persisted into the Middle Ages. 这些做法一直延续到中世纪。           
vt.&vi. ~ (in sth/in doing sth) 
She persisted in her search for the truth. 她执著地追求真理。
He persisted with his questioning. 他问个不停。
‘So, did you agree or not? ’ he persisted. “那么你同意了没有？”他叮问道。
The detective stubbornly persisted with his questions. 侦探执意继续问他的问题。
If you persist in upsetting her, I will have to punish you. 如果你继续烦她，我就只好惩罚你了。
Why do you persist in blaming yourself for what happened? 你何必为已发生的事没完没了地自责？
Why does Britain persist in running down its defence forces? 为什么英国要坚持消减其军事防御力量？
He urged the United States to persist with its efforts to bring about peace. 他敦促美国继续进行和平斡旋。

vt. 防止（或避免）坏事发生。是“避免”的常规用词，最为常用:
vt. 1 躲开或避开（某人或某事物）；尝试不去做某事（即避免做某事）:
2 避免自己撞到某东西:
avoid |[ə'vɒɪd]
The accident could have been avoided. 这起事故本来是可以避免的。
The name was changed to avoid confusion with another firm. 改名是为了避免和另一家公司混淆。
to avoid soil being washed away 防止土壤流失 
to avoid conflict 避免冲突 
I scrupulously avoid artificial additives when I buy food. 购买食品时我仔细地避开有人工添加剂的食物。
They narrowly avoided defeat in the semifinal. 他们在半决赛中险些败下阵来。
He’s been avoiding me all week. 整整一个星期他一直在回避我。
to avoid my eyes 躲避我的目光 
I left early to avoid the rush hour. 我早早动身以避开交通高峰时刻。
to avoid mentioning his divorce 避免提及他离婚的事 
He avoided answering the question. 他避开了这个问题，没有回答。
She swerved to avoid a bicycle. 她猛打方向盘以免撞上一辆自行车。
He ducked to avoid a low branch. 他迅速低下头以免撞上矮树枝。         

adj. [非正式，贬] 容易害怕的，即胆怯的，胆小的:
adj. 1（颜色）黄色的，黄的:
2 [禁忌语] 对一些来自东亚国家的人的冒犯性称呼，即黄皮肤的，黄色人种的:
n. [U, C]（颜色）黄色，黄:
vt.＆vi. 颜色变黄；使…的颜色变黄:
yellow |['jeləʊ]
yellow flowers 黄色的花朵 
a bright yellow coat 亮黄色外套 
She was dressed in yellow. 她穿着黄衣服。
the reds and yellows of the trees 红色和黄色的树叶 
golden yellow 金黄 

vt. 查阅或参看…（以获得信息），相当于refer to:
vt.＆vi. consult sb (about sth) 去向某人咨询信息或请教建议:
vt.＆vi. consult (with) sb (about/on sth)与某人讨论某事（以得到其许可或帮助做出决策）:
consult |[kən'sʌlt]
He consulted the manual. 他查阅了使用说明书。
Have you consulted your lawyer about this? 你就此事咨询过你的律师吗？
If the pain persists you should consult your doctor. 如果疼痛持续，你就应该找医生看看。
I need to consult my teacher about changing my course. 我需要向老师咨询更改选课的事。
a consulting engineer 顾问工程师
You shouldn’t have done it without consulting me. 你不该不和我商量就做了这件事。
I need to consult with my colleagues on the proposals. 我需要和我的同事商讨这些建议。

vt. [正式] 开始拥有某种品质或外观，即呈现出（外观或品质），相当于take on:
vt. 假设性地认为:
vt. [正式] 承担（责任）。此时一般可换为bear:
vt. 假设，假定，即未经证明而认为。比suppose更专门地表示采取不确定的态度，以检验一项假设:
vt. [正式] 假装有某种感情或品质，相当于put on:
vt. [正式] 开始拥有（权力），取得（权力），相当于take:
assume |[ə'sju:m]
This matter has assumed considerable importance. 这件事看来相当重要。
In the story the god assumes the form of an eagle. 在这个故事中神以鹰的形象出现。
It is reasonable to assume (that) the economy will continue to improve. 认为经济将继续好转是有道理的。
She would, he assumed, be home at the usual time. 他认为，她会在通常时间回到家的。
It is generally assumed that stress is caused by too much work. 普遍认为，紧张是工作过重所致。
I had assumed him to be a Belgian. 我本以为他是比利时人。
I automatically assumed that you knew about this. 我想当然地认为你知道这件事。
I think we can safely assume that this situation will continue. 我想我们可以有把握地认为这种情况将持续下去。
It is generally assumed that they were lovers. 大家普遍认为他俩是恋人。
The court assumed responsibility for the girl’s welfare. 法庭承担了保障这个女孩福利的责任。
Let us assume for a moment that the plan succeeds. 咱们暂时假设计划成功。
In this example we have assumed a unit price of $10. 在这个例子中我们已假定单价为10美元。
Don’t always assume the worst. 别总往最坏处想。
He assumed an air of concern. 他装出关心的样子。
Rebel forces have assumed control of the capital. 叛军已控制了首都。

n. [C] 博士学位:
doctorate |[ˈdɒktərət;美ˈdɑ:k-]
honorary doctorate 荣誉博士学位 
engineering, music doctorate 工程学博士学位；音乐博士学位 
She's doing a doctorate in ancient history. 她正在攻读古代历史的博士学位。
She's studying for her doctorate. 她正在攻读博士学位。
He's completed his doctorate on bees. 他完成了研究蜜蜂的博士学位。
The applicants all have doctorates from good universities. 申请人全都拥有名校博士学位。
doctorate degree 博士学位 
doctorate program（美）（通常用doctoral program）博土课程 
a doctorate from Cornell University 康奈尔大学博士学位 
a doctorate in Business Administration 工商管理博士学位 
He obtained his doctorate in Social Psychology. 他获得了社会心理学博士学位。
a doctorate of divinity 神学博士学位 
a doctorate on post-colonial development 关于后殖民主义发展的博士学位

Resultant means caused by the event just mentioned. 由此导致的
resultant |英 [rɪ'zʌlt(ə)nt]  美 [rɪ'zʌltənt]| n. 合力；结果；[化学] 生成物/adj. 结果的；合成的/
At least a quarter of a million people have died in the fighting and the resultant famines.至少25万人死于这场战斗,由此导致的是饥荒。


vt.&vi.（使）融合、熔接、结合:
n. [C]（烟花爆竹的）导火线、导火索:
n. [C]（电流过大时会自动熔断的）保险丝:
vt. [常用被动式] 在电路或电器中安装保险丝:
vt.&vi. [术语]（使）物质（尤指金属、保险丝）熔化:
vt.&vi. [英]（使）（保险丝熔断而）停止工作:
n. 1 [C]（炸弹的）导火线、导火索:
2 [C]（美式英语也可用fuze）（爆炸装置的）引信、雷管（受到撞击时会爆炸，或通过设定好时间而引爆炸弹）:
fuse |[fju:z]
As they heal, the bones will fuse together. 骨头愈合时将会连接在一起。
The sperm fuses with the egg to begin the process of fertilization. 精子与卵子结合开始受精过程。
The two companies have been fused into a single organization. 两家公司合并成一个机构。
Atoms of hydrogen are fused to make helium. 氢原子可熔合成氦。
Our different ideas fused into a plan. 我们不同的想法融合成一项计划。
His music fused the rhythms of jazz with classical forms. 他的音乐把爵士乐的节奏和古典乐的形式结合在了一起。
What they have done is fuse two different types of entertainment, the circus and the rock concert. 他们所做的就是把马戏表演和摇滚音乐会这两种不同类型的娱乐形式糅合了起来。
5-amp fuse 5安培的保险丝 
blown fuse 烧断的保险丝 
When the machine was switched on it blew a fuse. 启动机器时保险丝烧断了。
Fuses blow if they are overloaded. 超过负荷时，保险丝就会烧断。
Check whether a fuse has blown. 检查一下保险丝是否烧断了。
fuse wire（英）保险丝 
The fire started in the fuse box downstairs. 这场火是从楼下的保险丝盒燃起的。
Is this plug fused? 这个插头有没有安装保险丝？
The lights have fused. 保险丝烧断，灯都灭了。
The wire snapped at the wall plug and the light fused. 墙上插座的电线短路烧断了保险丝，电灯跟着灭了。
I've fused the lights. 我把照明保险丝烧断了。
Rainwater had fused the bulbs. 雨水引发保险丝烧熔，使得灯泡都不亮了。
A bomb was deactivated at the last moment, after the fuse had been lit. 炸弹在导火索已经点燃的最后一刻被解爆了。
He set the fuse to three minutes. 他把引信设定为三分钟起爆。
The bombs inside were on a one-hour fuse. 炸弹内装有一小时起爆的引信。

adj. 只用于名词前，用于强调你正谈论一个特定的事物或人（而非其他的事物或人），即正是的、恰好的、同一的，相当于actual:
adj. 只用于名词前，用于强调一个名词，如仅仅的、唯独的，相当于mere:
adj. 只用于名词前，用于强调一个极限的地点或时间，如最…的:
adv. 1 用于强调一个形容词最高级或用于own前，如完全、十足:
2 the very same 可指完全同样或完全同一，即完全相同:
adv. 用于形容词、副词和限定词前，表示在一个很高的程度上，如很、非常、十分、极其:
very |['verɪ]
Those were her very words. 这些都是她的原话。
He might be phoning her at this very moment. 他也许这会儿正在给她打电话呢。
That’s the very thing I need. 那正是我需要的东西。
The very thought of drink made him feel sick. 他一想到酒就觉得恶心。
It happens at the very beginning of the book. 这事发生在书的一开头。
They wanted the very best quality. 他们要最好的质量。
Be there by six at the very latest. 至迟不要超过六点钟到达那里。
At last he had his very own car. 他终于有了完全属于他自己的汽车。
Mario said the very same thing. 马里奥说的完全是同一件事。
very small 很小 
very quickly 极快 
Very few people know that. 很少有人知道那件事。
Thanks very much. 非常感谢。

n. [C]（尤指公开批评…的）批评者、挑剔的人:
n. [C]（对图书、音乐等作出评论的）批评家、评论家、评论员:
critic |[ˈkrɪtɪk]
She is one of the ruling party's most outspoken critics. 她是最直言不讳地批评执政党的一个人。
an outspoken critic of government policy 直言不讳地批评政府政策的人 
a critic of private health care 对私人卫生保健持批评态度的人 
The newspaper has been the most consistent critic of the government. 一直以来，该报批评政府的立场最为坚定。
He became a fierce critic of the tobacco industry. 他成了烟草业的强烈反对者。
She is one of her husband's severest critics. 她是丈夫最严厉的批评者之一。
I am my own worst critic. 我是自己最苛刻的批评者。
He is now a major critic of the nuclear industry. 他现在是核工业的主要批评者。
She is looking for a chance to prove her critics wrong. 她正在寻找机会证明批评她的人错了。
Critics accused the government of giving in to pressure from the tobacco companies. 批评者指责政府屈服于烟草公司的压力。
Critics point out that poverty still exists. 批评者指出贫穷仍然存在。
art, cultural, drama, film, literary, media, movie, music, restaurant, social, television, theatre/theater critic 艺术评论家；文化评论家；戏剧评论家；电影评论家；文学评论家；媒体评论家；音乐评论家；餐饮评论家；社会评论家；电视评论家；剧院评论家 
The movie was hailed by critics as a triumphant piece of realism. 评论家把这部电影誉为现实主义的杰作。
The play was panned by critics. 该剧受到评论家的严厉批评。
Some critics are calling him 'the new De Niro'. 一些评论家称他为"新德尼罗" 
Critics described the paintings as worthless. 评论家把那些油画描述成一文不值的垃圾。
The critics loved the movie. 评论家喜爱这部电影。
Mather was film critic on the Daily Telegraph for many years. 马瑟多年来一直担任《每日电讯报》的影评人。
The New York critics had praised her performance. 纽约的影评家们高度评价了她的表演。

adj. 1（物体、计划、思想等）精巧的、巧妙的:
2（人）有很多新点子的，善于创造发明的:
ingenious |[ɪnˈdʒi:niəs]
an ingenious device 精巧的装置 
ingenious ways of saving energy 节约能源的巧妙方法 
a truly ingenious invention 真正有创意的发明 
Gautier's solution to the puzzle is ingenious. 戈蒂埃破解这道难题的方法很巧妙。
The idea sounds ingenious. 这个主意听起来真是别出心裁。
an ingenious cook 心灵手巧的厨师 
She's very ingenious when it comes to finding excuses. 她很善于找借口。

n. 1 [C] 地球上的七大洲之一:
2 [sing.] the Continent欧洲大陆的主要部分（不包括英国和爱尔兰）:
continent |['kɒntɪnənt]
African continent 非洲 
The evidence that the continents have drifted is overwhelming. 大陆漂移的证据无可辩驳。

n. 1 [U] [正式]（在某地的）居住:
2 [U] [正式]（也可用residency）在别国的居住权、居留权、居留许可:
n. [C] [正式] 住宅，尤指大型或令人印象深刻的宅第:
residence |[ˈrezɪdəns]
They were not able to take up residence in their new home until the spring.（正式）他们到第二年春天才住进了新家。
She moved out of 28 Barbary Lane to take up residence in a house in Pacific Heights. 她从巴巴里街28号搬出来，住进了太平洋高地住宅区的一所房子。
Please state your occupation and place of residence. 请说明你的职业和住址。
differences among women based on age, place of residence and educational levels 不同年龄、居住地和教育程度的女性之间的差异 
The flag flies when the Queen is in residence. 女王的王宫及驻跸处均有国旗飘扬。
Windsor is open to visitors when the Royal Family is not in residence. 王室未在温莎城堡居住期间，城堡会对游客开放。
normal residence（英，法律）常住地 
legal residence 合法居留 
The family took up temporary residence in the manor house. 一家人临时在庄园宅邸住下了。
residence hall（美）宿舍楼 
a change of residence 迁居 
sb's city of residence, sb's country of residence 某人居住的城市；某人居住的国家 
The notice was addressed to her last known place of residence. 通知寄到了她已知的最新住址。
a hall of residence（英）（美式英语用dormitory）宿舍楼 
The university has two halls of residence for its postgraduate students. 这所大学有两座研究生宿舍楼。
They have been denied residence in this country. 这个国家不给他们居住资格。
a residence permit 居留许可证 
They had entered the country and had applied for permanent residence. 他们已经入境该国，并申请了永久居留权。
She travels constantly, moving among her several residences around the world. 她经常旅行，穿梭于她在世界各地的多处住所。
desirable residence（英）理想的居所 
family, student residence 家庭住宅；学生宿舍 
a desirable family residence for sale (= for example, in an advertisement) 待售的理想家居 
palatial residence 富丽堂皇的住宅 
official residence 官邸 
10 Downing Street is the British Prime Minister's official residence. 唐宁街10号是英国首相的官邸。
royal residence 皇家宅邸 
personal（美）, private residence 个人住宅；私人住宅 
main, primary（尤美）, principal residence 主要住处 
Tax breaks are often available to those buying a primary residence. 购买主要居所经常可减税。
Their principal residence was in Chicago. 他们的主要住所位于芝加哥。
current, former residence 现居处；故居 
summer residence 夏季住宅 
country, town（尤英）residence 乡下住宅；城里住宅 
new residence 新住宅

n. [C] [常贬] 作为傀儡的一个人或群体:
n. [C] 木偶:
puppet |[ˈpʌpɪt]
puppet government, puppet king, puppet regime, puppet state 傀儡政府；傀儡国王；傀儡政权；傀儡国家 
The occupying forces set up a puppet government. 占领军建立了一个傀儡政府。
When the invasion occurred he ruled as a puppet of the occupiers. 外敌入侵时，他作为占领者的傀儡行使统治。
He warned there would be a 'social explosion' if the army installed another puppet prime minister. 他警告说如果军方再安插一个新的傀儡首相，将会引发“社会暴动”。
The president is a mere puppet of his prime minister.（mere尤为英式用法）这位总统只不过是总理的傀儡。
He's become a puppet manipulated by the government. 他已经变成了一个由政府操纵的傀儡。
finger, glove（英）, hand, shadow, sock puppet 手指木偶；布袋木偶；牵线木偶；皮影木偶 
wooden puppet 木偶 
How do you work these puppets? 你是如何操纵这些木偶的? 
puppet play, puppet show 木偶表演 
puppet theatre/theater 木偶剧院 
puppet master木偶操纵者

n. [C] [英] 医院中级别最高的医生（是某一医学领域的专家），即高级顾问医师:
n. [C] consultant (on sth) 在某一学科领域拥有丰富的专业知识，并受雇为其他人在该学科上提供咨询的人，即顾问:
consultant |[kən'sʌltənt]
consultant cardiologist, consultant surgeon 心脏病顾问医师；外科顾问医师 
a consultant in psychiatry 精神科顾问医师 
hospital consultant 医院顾问医师
business, campaign（尤美）, financial, technical, technology consultant 商业顾问；竞选顾问；金融顾问；技术顾问 
outside consultant 外部顾问 
a firm of management consultants 管理咨询公司 
the President’s consultant on economic affairs 总统的经济事务顾问 
senior consultant 高级顾问 
a consultant in design 设计顾问 
They work as consultants to a software company. 他们担任一家软件公司的顾问。

n. 1 [U] preparation (for sth)（行为或过程意义上的）为某事所做的准备，或使某事物准备好。即准备、预备:
preparation (to do sth) 为某事所做的准备工作:
n. [C] 已被制备出来的，用作药物、化妆品等的一种物质，如制剂:
n. [C] 已被制备出来的，用作药物的一种物质，如制剂:
preparation |[͵prepə'reɪʃn]
preparation for the party 聚会的准备工作 
food preparation 食物制作 
careful preparation for the exam 认真准备考试 
intense preparation 紧锣密鼓的筹备 
to make preparations for war 备战 
wedding, Christmas preparations 婚礼的筹备工作；圣诞节的准备工作 
final preparations 最后的准备工作
a pharmaceutical preparation 药剂 
preparations for the hair and skin 护发护肤制剂
a pharmaceutical preparation 药剂

vt.&vi.（虽然没有确实证据而）假定、假设…是真的，即不肯定地认为、相信、推测。相当于assume:
vt.（尤指在法庭上）假定、推定某事是真的（直到事实证明并非如此）:
vt. [正式] 设想、假设…是真实的或存在的，并以此为基础来行事，即把…设定为前提:
vi. [正式] 去做自己没有权力做的事，即越权行事:
presume |[prɪˈzju:m;美-ˈzu:m]
They are very expensive, I presume? 我想这些东西很贵吧？
‘Is he still abroad? ’ ‘ I presume so. ’ “他还在国外吗？”“我想是吧。”
I presumed (that) he understood the rules. 我相信他明白这些规则。
Little is known of the youngest son; it is presumed that he died young. 对于最小的儿子一般所知甚少，据推测他已经夭亡。
I presumed him to be her husband. 我料想那就是她丈夫。
I presume you're here on business. 我想你是来这里出差的。
Dido's told you the whole sad story, I presume? 我想狄多已经把这件伤心事全部告诉你了吧？
I had presumed wrongly that Jenny would be there. 我猜珍妮会在那儿，结果推断错误。
Twelve passengers are missing, presumed dead. 有十二名旅客失踪，并已推定罹难。
In English law, a person is presumed innocent until proved guilty. 英国法律规定，在证明一个人有罪之前，他是推定无辜。
We must presume innocence until we have proof of guilt. 在证实一个人有罪之前，我们必须假定其无辜。
The course seems to presume some previous knowledge of the subject. 这门课程似乎是以具备某些基础知识为前提的。
The legal definition of 'know' often presumes mental control. “知晓”的法律定义通常假定存在思维控制能力。
The arrangement presumes that both lenders and borrowers are rational. 这一协议假定借贷双方都是在神志清楚的状态下签订的。
They're resentful that outsiders presume to meddle in their affairs. 他们对外人擅自干预他们的事务非常愤慨。
I wouldn't presume to tell you how to run your own business. 我无意告诉你如何经营你自己的事业。
I wouldn't presume to question your judgment. 我不会冒昧地质疑你的判断。


transistor |英 [træn'zɪstə; trɑːn-; -'sɪ-]  美 [træn'zɪstɚ]| n. 晶体管（收音机）/



n. 1 [C, U] 可供后来者援用参考的具体例子:
2 [C, U] 先前发生过的事件:
n. [U] 做某事所遵循的传统、常规:
precedent |[ˈpresɪdənt]
court, judicial, legal precedent 法院的先例；判例；司法惯例 
The ruling set a precedent for future libel cases. 这项裁决为今后的诽谤案提供了判例。
The trial could set an important precedent for dealing with large numbers of similar cases. 这次审判能为处理大量类似案例开创重要的先例。
There is no obvious precedent for this law. 该法律没有明显的先例。
Many precedents can be found for this decision. 这一裁定可以找到许多判例。
The ruling does not set a binding precedent. 该判决不能成为具有约束力的先例。
This would have set a dangerous new precedent. 这将可能创下一项新的危险的先例。
This lowering of standards sets a dangerous precedent for future developments. 这次标准的降低为将来的发展开了危险的先例。
There is a strong precedent for such a strategy. 有先例有力地说明这一战略可行。
There is ample precedent for this tactic. 这种战术有过大量先例。
historical precedents 历史前例 
There is no precedent for a disaster of this scale. 这种规模的灾难是空前的。
Such protests are without precedent in recent history. 这类抗议事件在近代史上没有发生过。
There are plenty of precedents in Hollywood for letting people out of contracts. 在好莱坞，允许影视人员解除合同的先例有很多。
to break with precedent (= to do sth in a different way) 打破常规

n. [C, usually sing.] 某人的职位、职能、职责:
~ (to do sth) 理解力、领悟力、办事能力:
2 [sing., U] 工厂、机器等的生产量，即生产能力:
n. 1 [U, C, usually sing.] 容器的容积或容量:
2 [sing.] （建筑、地方、车辆的）可容纳人数，载客量:
3 [C, U] 设备（尤指车辆发动机）的容积或功率:
capacity |[kəˈpæsəti]
official capacity 官职 
personal, private, unofficial（尤英） capacity 个人身份；非官方身份 
This article is written in a personal capacity. 本文是以个人名义所写。
voluntary capacity（尤英）志愿者身份 
professional capacity 专业职位 
acting, caretaker（英） capacity 代理职位 
advisory capacity 顾问职位 
judicial capacity（尤英）司法职位 
acting in her capacity as manager 以她作为经理的身份行事 
In my capacity as president, I would like to thank Jack for his hard work. 作为主席，我要感谢杰克的辛勤工作。
We are simply involved in an advisory capacity on the project. 我们只不过是以顾问身份参与这个项目。
I have worked in an advisory capacity with many hospitals. 我曾在多家医院做过顾问工作。
She visited the Philippines in her capacity as a Special Representative of Unicef. 她以联合国儿童基金会特别代表的身份访问了菲律宾。
She has an enormous capacity for hard work. 她特别能吃苦耐劳。
Her mental capacity and temperament are as remarkable as his. 她的才智和气质和他一样出众。
Children have an innate capacity to understand language. 儿童生来就有理解语言的能力。
intellectual capacity 智力 
the human capacity for compassion 人的同情心 
She seems to have lost the capacity to enjoy herself. 她似乎已经失去了享受快乐的能力。
This maths is beyond the capacity of most school children. 这道数学题超出了大多数学生的能力范围。
The mountain walk is well within the capacity of most fit people. 对大多数健康的人来说，走这山路不成问题。
her amazing capacity for organization 她出色的组织能力 
to increase my earning capacity 提高我赚钱的能力 
Limited resources are restricting our capacity for developing new products. 有限的资源正制约着我们开发新产品的能力。
Our capacity for giving care, love and attention is limited. 我们能够给予的关怀、关爱和关注是有限的。
economic, productive capacity 经济能力；生产能力 
production capacity 生产能力 
nuclear capacity 核力量 
The factory is working at full capacity. 这家工厂在开足马力生产。
The system was already at capacity. 该系统已经是满负荷运转了。
to operate at full capacity 满负荷运转 
the amount of spare capacity in the economy 经济中的剩余生产能力 
excess capacity in the oil industry 石油工业过剩的生产力 
spare capacity in the health service 剩余的医疗服务能力
a fuel tank with a capacity of 50 litres 可装50升油的油箱 
a total capacity of 50 litres 50升的总容量 
a dish of 150 ml capacity 容量为150毫升的盘子 
lung capacity 肺活量 
carrying, seating capacity 载客量；座位数量 
The theatre has a seating capacity of 2 000. 那座剧院能容纳2 000名观众。
capacity audience 满座的观众 
A capacity crowd of 76,000 people was at Wembley football stadium for the event. 温布利球场座无虚席，76,000人前来观看这场比赛。
The theatre was filled to capacity (= was full) for every performance. 剧场演出场场爆满。
The hall was filled to capacity (= was completely full). 大厅内座无虚席。
Toronto hospital maternity wards were filled to capacity. 多伦多医院的产房都已住满了。
an engine with a capacity of 1 600 ccs 一台容积为1.6升的发动机 
an aircraft with a bomb-carrying capacity of 454 kg 载弹量为454千克的飞机 
a feature which gave the vehicles a much greater fuel capacity than other trucks 使这些车辆的储油量远远超过其他卡车的一个特点 
a high capacity electric pump 抽水量很大的电泵 
large capacity disk drives 大容量磁盘驱动器 
disk, memory capacity 磁盘容量；记忆容量 
storage capacity 储存容量

n. [C] 一种社交场合，常指在某人的家里吃喝、聊天、跳舞等，即聚会，派对。是此义的基础和常规用词，极为常用。尤用于构成复合词，如:
n. 争论中的一方，是一种正式用法:
n. [C] 一起做某事（如旅行或参观）的一群人:
n. [C]（也可用Party）政党，党派:
n. [C] 法律上的“当事方”（如诉讼当事人、合同当事人等）。可以是一个人，也可以是一个组织。是表示此义的常规用词，也是一种正式用法，如:
party |['pɑːtɪ]['pɑːtɪ]
surprise party 惊喜派对 
cocktail, dinner party 鸡尾酒会；晚宴聚会 
birthday party 生日聚会 
farewell party 欢送会 
house party 家庭派对 
party guest 参加聚会的客人
The school is taking a party of 40 children to France. 学校将带领一个40人的儿童团队前往法国。
The theatre gives a 10% discount to parties of more than ten. 剧场给十人以上的团体打折10%。
hunting, advance, rescue, search, working party 狩猎队；先遣队；救援队；搜索队；工作队 
wedding party 婚礼的一行队伍
political party 政党 
revolutionary, democratic party 革命政党；民主党派 
Communist party 共产党 
Conservative party 保守党 
opposing party 反对党 
ruling party 执政党 
party member 党员 
party platform 党纲
the guilty party 有罪的一方 
the innocent party 无罪的一方 
aggrieved, injured, wronged party 受害方；受害人 
offending party 违规方 
concerned, interested, involved party 当事人 
disinterested, neutral party 中立方 
in the presence of an independent third party 有独立的第三方在场 
This agreement binds both parties. 该协议对双方均具有约束力。

n. [C, usually sing.]（多种因素需加以综合考虑的）平衡，综合体:
The equation is simple: research breeds new products. 情况很简单:
n. [C] [数学] 等式:
n. [U, sing.] 同等看待:
equation |[ɪˈkweɪʒn]
When children enter the equation, further tensions may arise within a marriage. 有了孩子以后，婚姻中可能出现新的矛盾。
The party fears the equation between higher spending and higher taxes. 该党担心难以平衡更多支出和更高税率之间的综合关系。
The availability of water is also part of the equation. 是否有水可用也是要考虑的因素之一。
Money also comes into the equation. 还要顾及金钱因素。
basic, simple equation 基本等式；一次方程 
This can be shown by a simple equation. 这个可以用一个一次方程来表示。
complex, complicated equation 复方程；复杂的方程 
algebraic, math（美）, mathematical equation 代数方程式；数学方程式 
differential, quadratic, simultaneous equation 微分方程式；二次方程式；联立方程式 
I could not find a way of solving the equation. 我不知道该怎么解这个方程。
The ideal gas equation is derived from this model. 理想气体方程是由这一模型推导出来的。
the range of values of x which would satisfy this equation 能符合这个方程式的X值范围 
to balance equation 平衡方程式 
to write equation 列方程式 
the equation for a straight line 直线方程式 
the numbers on the right-hand side of the equation 等式右边的数字
The equation of wealth with happiness can be dangerous. 把财富与幸福等同起来可能是危险的。

vt.&vi. ~ (with sth) [正式] 开始发生；开始某事、着手:
commence |[kəˈmens]
The academic year commences at the beginning of October. 学年于10月初开始。
The day commenced with a welcome from the principal. 那天由校长致欢迎词开始。
The meeting is scheduled to commence at noon. 会议定于午间召开。
I will be on leave during the week commencing 15 February. 我将从2月15日开始一周的休假。
She commenced her medical career in 1956. 她于1956年开始行医。
We commence building next week. 我们下周破土动工。
They commenced a systematic search. 他们开始进行彻底搜查。

vt. 没给与足够的重视，如忽视、忽略:
vi. [正式] 没有（或忘记）去做本应该做的事，如疏忽、疏漏:
vt. 疏于照管、未予看管:
n. [U] ~ (of sth/sb) 疏于照管；未被重视:
neglect |[nɪˈglekt]
Dance has been neglected by television. 电视节目一向不重视舞蹈。
She has neglected her studies. 她忽视了自己的学习。
He'd given too much to his career, worked long hours, neglected her. 他为事业付出太多，长时间地工作，忽视了她。
If you are not careful, children tend to neglect their homework. 如果你不注意的话，孩子们往往会不重视他们的家庭作业。
These are subjects generally neglected by historians. 这些是历史学家通常会忽略的话题。
This sector is one of the major growth areas and we cannot afford to neglect it. 这一行业是主要的经济增长领域之一，我们不能忽视。
Local communities have been neglected in favour of private sector interests. 为了私营经济的利益而忽略了当地社区。
You neglected to mention the name of your previous employer. 你遗漏了你前雇主的名字。
We often neglect to make proper use of our bodies. 我们经常忘记该合理地使用我们的身体。
They never neglect their duties. 他们从未玩忽职守。
They conveniently neglected their responsibilities. 他们有意玩忽职守。
She denies neglecting her baby. 她不承认没有照看好她的孩子。
The woman denied that she had neglected her child. 那位女士否认疏于照管自己的孩子。
Feed plants and they grow, neglect them and they suffer. 人勤地生宝，人懒地长草。
The buildings had been neglected for years. 这些大楼多年来一直无人看管。
Medical neglect occurs when medical care is withheld. 拒绝提供医疗护理就是医疗不作为。
The maximum penalty for child neglect is ten years' imprisonment. 疏于照管孩子的最高刑罚为十年监禁。
children who are victims of deliberate parental neglect 被父母有意忽视的孩子 
The doctor was guilty of serious neglect of duty. 这个医生犯严重渎职罪。
the suffering of children through neglect 由于疏于照管带给孩子们的痛苦 
The law imposes penalties for the neglect of children. 法律对疏于照管儿童有处罚措施。
She had concentrated on her music to the neglect of her other studies. 她醉心于音乐，因而忽略了其他方面的学习。
benign 善意的忽视 
The eighteenth-century interior of the building has survived through benign neglect. 这座建筑十八世纪式的内部构造因受到宽待而得以保存。
The buildings are crumbling from years of neglect. 由于多年无人维修，这些建筑物行将倒塌。
The buildings suffered neglect for centuries. 这些房屋已经废弃几百年了。
The place smelled of decay and neglect. 这地方有一股污浊腐朽的气味。

adj. 1 contemporary (with sb/sth) 属于同一时期（或时代）的:
2 属于当代的，现代的，相当于modern:
n. [C] 同代人，同辈人，尤指年龄大约相同的人:
contemporary |[kən'tempərərɪ]
We have no contemporary account of the battle. 我们没有当时人们对这一战役的记载。
a composer contemporary with Beethoven 与贝多芬同时代的一位作曲家 
drawing upon the reports of contemporary witnesses 借助当时目击者的证言 
a period broadly contemporary with the Shang dynasty 大致与商朝同时代的一段时期 
life in contemporary Britain 当代英国的生活 
contemporary music, contemporary dance 当代音乐；当代舞蹈 
His work is very contemporary. 他的作品非常现代。
She and I were contemporaries at college. 她和我是大学同学。
He was a contemporary of Freud. 他是弗洛伊德的同代人。

A continuous line or surface has no gaps or holes in it. 连续的 (线条或平面)
continuously 持续地
A continuous process or event continues for a period of time without stopping. 持续的 (过程、事件)
continuous |英 [kən'tɪnjʊəs]  美 [kən'tɪnjʊəs]| adj. 连续的，持续的；继续的；连绵不断的/
...a continuous line of boats.…络绎不绝的船只。
The civil war has raged almost continuously since 1976.自1976年以来，激烈的内战几乎持续不断。
Residents report that they heard continuous gunfire.居民们说他们听到了持续的枪声。

