versatile				有多种技能的，多用途的
vital								必不可少的
evoke					唤起，引起，召唤
dominate				统治，主宰，占优势
desolate				无人居住的，荒芜的，悲伤的
accept							接受，采用，忍受
secondary				次要的，间接的，中等的
physiological			生理的
pronunciation								发音
commerce				贸易，交易
commodity				商品，有用的东西，可贵品质
video					录像
selection							挑选
procession				队伍
bath										洗澡，浴缸
furious				狂怒的，激烈的
conspiracy					阴谋
intellectual				智力的，知识分子
calcium				钙
sentiment				情绪，观点，伤感
provision				供给，准备，规定
anticipate						预料，期望，是先驱
progressive				逐步的，进步的，进行的
documentary					纪录片
inclusive				包括的
isle							岛
disposal				处理，出售
grand								壮观的，傲慢的，极好的
bar						长条，酒吧，障碍，阻挡
prospective				预期的
\\\\\\\\

adj. [褒]（工具、机器、材料、食物、建筑等）有很多不同用途的:
adj. [褒]（人）能做很多不同事情的，如多才多艺的、有多种技能的、多面手的:
adj. [褒]（工具、机器、材料、食物、建筑等）有很多不同用途的:
versatile |[ˈvɜ:sətaɪl;美ˈvɜ:rsətl]
Never before has computing been so versatile. 计算机的用途从没像现在这么广泛过。
This machine is amazingly versatile. 这台机器用途之多令人称奇。
a versatile blue chambray skirt 多用途的蓝条纹裙子 
Eggs are easy to cook and are an extremely versatile food. 鸡蛋容易烹煮，怎么做着吃都行。
He's a versatile actor who has played a wide variety of parts. 他是个多才多艺的演员，扮演过各种各样的角色。
He had been one of the game's most versatile athletes. 他是这项运动中技术最全面的运动员之一。
Never before has computing been so versatile. 计算机的用途从没像现在这么广泛过。
This machine is amazingly versatile. 这台机器用途之多令人称奇。
a versatile blue chambray skirt 多用途的蓝条纹裙子 
Eggs are easy to cook and are an extremely versatile food. 鸡蛋容易烹煮，怎么做着吃都行。

adj.（一个人）充满精力和热情（enthusiasm）的，相当于dynamic:
adj. 只用于名词前，与维持生命有关的，或对维持生命来说必不可少的:
adj. vital (for/to sth) 对某事的成功或某事物的存在来说必需的、必不可少的、极其重要的:
vital |['vaɪtl]
a vital person 有活力的人 
They have something important to say and vital and radical ways of saying it. 他们有些重要的事情要说，言辞会比较激烈。
the vital organs (= the brain, heart, lungs, etc.) 活命器官
the vitamins that are vital for health 保持健康必不可少的维生素 
Team spirit is vital for success. 团队精神对成功至关重要。
Reading is of vital importance in language learning. 阅读在语言学习中至关重要。
the strategically vital industrial zone 战略上极其重要的工业区

vt. [正式] 在头脑中唤起（形象）:
vt. [正式] 在头脑中唤起（感情）:
vt. [正式] 在头脑中唤起（记忆）:
evoke |[ɪˈvəʊk;美ɪˈvoʊk]
The novel vividly evokes the life of the Irish in Australia. 这部小说生动地再现了在澳大利亚的爱尔兰人的生活。
A sense of period was evoked by complementing pictures with appropriate furniture. 给照片配上一些合适的家具，唤起了一种年代感。
His case is unlikely to evoke public sympathy. 他的情况不大可能引起公众的同情。
Her face, though sad, still evoked a feeling of serenity. 她虽然面带悲伤，但仍使人感觉安详。
products that help evoke an old-fashioned mood 帮助唤起人们怀旧心情的产品 
narrative techniques that are intended to evoke sympathy from the reader 旨在唤起读者同情心的叙述手法 
the actor's ability to evoke a variety of emotions 演员唤起人们各种各样情感的能力
The music evoked memories of her youth. 这乐曲勾起了她对青年时代的回忆。
the scene evoking memories of those old movies 唤起对那些老电影的记忆的场景 
Music can be used to evoke childhood. 音乐可用于唤起童年的记忆。

vt.&vi. 通常以一种令人不快的方式来控制某人或某事物，或对其施加过多影响，可称为支配、左右等:
vt. 在某事物中具有最重要或最明显的特色:
vt.（建筑物、山或其它物体）高耸于（一个地区）:
vt.（建筑物、山或其它物体）俯视（一个地区）:
vt. [体育] 在比赛中占据主导优势:
dominate |[ˈdɒmɪneɪt;美ˈdɑ:m-]
As a child he was dominated by his father. 他小时候由父亲主宰一切。
He tended to dominate the conversation. 他往往左右着交谈的内容。
She always says a lot in meetings, but she doesn't dominate. 她在会上总是滔滔不绝，但她的话没什么影响。
He denied that his country wants to dominate Europe. 他否认他的国家想要控制欧洲。
Women are no longer dominated by the men in their relationships. 在两性关系中女性不再受制于男性。
He never let his work dominate his life. 他绝不让工作主宰他的生活。
The train crash dominated the news. 火车相撞事故成了最重要的新闻。
to dominate the headline 成为最重要的新闻标题 
The book is expected to dominate the best-seller lists. 这本书预计会占据畅销书排行榜的榜首。
countries where life is dominated by war 战事频繁的国家 
the issues which have dominated Irish politics 主宰爱尔兰政治的一些问题 
The power station dominates the landscape. 该地区满眼都是发电站。
His writings on motorized warfare dominated strategic thinking in the 1930s. 他关于机械化战争的文章主宰了20世纪30年代的战略思维。
The cathedral dominates the city. 大教堂俯视全城。
its skyline dominated by the central mosque 中央的清真寺高耸天际 
It's one of the biggest buildings in this area, and it really dominates this whole place. 这是该地区最大的建筑物之一，雄踞在整个地区之上。
The cathedral dominates the city. 大教堂俯视全城。
Arsenal dominated the first half of the match. 阿森纳队在上半场比赛中占据上风。

vt. [常用被动式] [文学] 使某人感到悲伤绝望:
adj. 非常孤独且难过的:
adj.（地方）空旷的、无人居住的、使人感到悲伤或恐惧的，如荒凉的:
desolate |[ˈdesələt]
She had been desolated by the death of her friend. 朋友的去世使她感到十分悲伤。
Their inclination to wait and demand more resources desolated President Lincoln. 他们总是等待并要求得到更多资财的倾向让林肯总统甚感不快。
He was desolate without her. 没有她，他感到孤独而凄凉。
She was utterly desolate after losing her baby. 失去宝宝后，她万分孤寂。
Her voice sounded a little desolate. 她的嗓音听起来有点凄凉。
a bleak and desolate landscape 一片荒凉的景色 
a desolate landscape of flat green fields broken by marsh 平坦绿野被沼泽割裂开的荒凉景色 
The landscape was quite desolate. 景色十分荒凉。
a rather desolate place 颇为荒凉的地方 
The house stands desolate and empty. 房子荒废着，空无一人。
The land was left desolate. 这块土地已经荒废了。
Half-ruined, hardly a building untouched, it's a desolate place. 这里大半遭毁，几乎没有一栋建筑完好无损，变成了一块荒废之地。

accept sb (as sth) 允许某人加入一个组织、机构，即接纳（为成员、会员等）。本身是一个广义用词，只不过其含义包括了录取之义。与reject相反:
vt. accept sth (as sth) 认为（某事属实）:
vt. accept sth (as sth) 相信（某事属实）。是其“接受”之义的一种扩大化用法:
vt. 同意、认可或批准某事。有“接纳”的色彩，还算常用:
vt. 承认你对某事负责，或接受针对某事的指责或责备，即承担责任。是一个概括性用词:
vt.＆vi. 愿意拿别人所给予的东西，即接受，如接受建议、邀请等。是一个常规用词，含义最广，也最常用:
vt. 1 认为合适（或足够好）而接受某事物:
2 accept sth (as sth) 继续处于一种困境中而不抱怨（因为你意识到自己无法改变它），即忍受，容忍:
accept sb (as sth) 使某人感到受欢迎并被视为一个群体的一分子，即欢迎，接纳，反义词为reject:
accept sb (as sth) 允许某人使用某种服务等:
accept sb (as sth) 接纳某人入学，是一个简单和概括性用词:
accept |[ək'sept]
vt. accept sb (into sth) 
The college has accepted him. 那所学院录取了他。
to be accepted into the club 获准加入俱乐部
I accept that this will not be popular. 我认为这是不会受欢迎的。
It is generally accepted that people are motivated by success. 人们普遍认为成功催人奋进。
I don’t accept his version of events. 我不相信他对事件的说法。
These figures should not be accepted at face value. 不应该对这些数字信以为真。
He accepted all the changes we proposed. 他同意我们提出的全部修改方案。
Some people readily accept that they may have to pay for medical treatment. 一些人欣然同意自己承担医疗费用。
He accepts full responsibility for what happened. 他对所发生的事承担全部责任。
You have to accept the consequences of your actions. 你得对你的行为后果负责。
He asked me to marry him and I accepted. 他向我求婚，我答应了。
to accept apology, to accept advice, to accept invitation 接受道歉；接受忠告；接受邀请 
to accept bribe, to accept his offer, to accept the job 收受贿赂；接受他的帮助；接受这份工作 
She said she’d accept $15 for it. 她说她要15元才卖。
They accepted the court’s decision. 他们接受法院的判决。
My article has been accepted for publication. 我的文章已被采用准备发表。
This machine only accepts coins. 这台机器只接受硬币。
Will you accept a cheque? 你收支票吗？
to accept the fact, to accept risk 接受事实；接受风险 
to accept poor working conditions 接受恶劣的工作条件 
He just refused to accept that his father was no longer there. 他就是不肯接受他父亲已不在的现实。
I had no choice but to accept the committee’s decision. 我别无选择，只能接受委员会的决定。
3 accept sb (into sth) 
to be accepted by the local community 被当地社区接纳 
She had never been accepted into what was essentially a man’s world. 她从未被这个本质上属于男人的世界所接纳。
He never really accepted her as his own child. 他一直没有真正接纳她为自己的女儿。
4 accept sb (into sth) 
The landlord was willing to accept us as tenants. 房东愿意把房子租给我们住。
She was accepted to study music. 她获准学习音乐。
vt. accept sb (into sth) 
The college he applied to has accepted him. 他申请的那所学院录取了他。

Secondary education is given to students between the ages of 11 or 12 and 17 or 18. (教育) 中等的
Secondary diseases or infections happen as a result of another disease or infection that has already happened. (疾病、感染等) 续发性的
If you describe something as secondary, you mean that it is less important than something else. 次要的
secondary |英 ['sek(ə)nd(ə)rɪ]  美 ['sɛkəndɛri]| adj. 第二的；中等的；次要的；中级的/n. 副手；代理人/
Examinations are taken after about five years of secondary education.经过约五年的中等教育后参加考试。
These patients had been operated on for the primary cancer but there was evidence of secondary tumours.这些病人曾因原发性癌症做过手术，但是又有了继发性肿瘤迹象。
They argue that human rights considerations are now of only secondary importance.他们争辩说人权考虑现在只是次要的。
The street erupted in a huge explosion, with secondary explosions in the adjoining buildings.街上突然发生了一次巨大爆炸，相邻的建筑物里伴随有一些次级爆炸。


 Their study clearly illustrates the importance of how you interpret your physiological states, which themselves form an important component of your emotions.  他们的研究明确地阐述了你如何干预你的生理情况，这些源自你情绪中的一个重要部分。
 Almost anything that we like to do - eat, shop, gamble, have sex - contain the potential for psychological and physiological dependence.  我们喜欢做的几乎任何事——吃饭，购物，赌博，性爱——都可能引起心理和生理的依赖。
 Wienecke thinks there might also be physiological reasons for the waves. "It may improve their blood circulation," she says.  维尼可认为企鹅的摇摆可能还存在生理原因，“这能以提高他们的血液循环”她说。
physiological |英 [,fɪzɪə'lɒdʒɪkəl]  美 [,fɪzɪə'lɑdʒɪkl]| adj. 生理学的，生理的/



n. 1 [U, C] 发音、读音:
2 [sing.] 某人的发音:
pronunciation |[prəˌnʌnsiˈeɪʃn]
a guide to English pronunciation 英语发音指南 
There is more than one pronunciation of ‘garage’. garage的读音不止一种。
She gave the word its French pronunciation. 她读出了该词的法语发音。
standard pronunciation 标准发音 
American, Australian pronunciation 美式发音；澳大利亚式发音 
pronunciation drill, pronunciation exercise, pronunciation practice 发音训练；发音练习 
Your pronunciation is excellent. 你的发音好极了。
You're going to have to forgive my pronunciation. 你得原谅我的发音。
She doesn't like having her pronunciation corrected. 她不喜欢别人纠正她的发音。

n. [U]（货物或服务）贸易、商业，尤指国际间的贸易或商业:
commerce |[ˈkɒmɜ:s;美ˈkɑ:mɜ:rs]
foreign, global, international commerce 对外贸易；全球贸易；国际贸易 
domestic, internstate（美） commerce 国内贸易；州际贸易 
electronic, Internet, online commerce 电子商务；互联网交易；在线交易 
commerce between Germany and Italy 德国和意大利之间的贸易往来 
the development of commerce with Asia 与亚洲在贸易上的发展 
a chamber of commerce 商会 
She has little experience of the world of commerce. 她在商界没什么经验。
leaders of industry and commerce 工商界领导人 
They have made their fortunes from industry and commerce. 他们靠工商业发了财。

n. [C] 有用的东西、有使用价值的东西:
n. [C] [经济学] 可被买卖的产品或原材料，即商品:
commodity |[kəˈmɒdəti;美-ˈmɑ:d-]
Time is a very valuable commodity. 时间是非常宝贵的。
Water is a precious commodity that is often taken for granted in the West. 水很宝贵，但在西方人们往往意识不到这一点。
rice, flour and other basic commodities 稻米、面粉和其他基本商品 
The government increased prices on several basic commodities like bread and meat. 政府提高了面包、肉类等几种基本商品的价格。
a drop in commodity prices 商品价格的下跌 
Crude oil is the world's most important commodity. 原油是世界上最重要的商品。
Coal is becoming a rare commodity. 煤正在成为稀缺商品。
marketable, saleable commodity 畅销商品 
export commodity 出口商品 
perishable commodity 易腐商品 
industrial commodity 工业商品 
basic agricultural commodities 基本农产品 
commodity market 商品市场 
commodity exchange 商品交易 
commodity futures, commodity prices 商品期货；商品价格 
commodity export, commodity trade, commodity trading 商品出口；商品贸易 
commodity broker, commodity trader 商品经纪人；商人 
commodity production 商品生产 
trade in commodities 商品贸易

n. [C] [英]（盒式录像带的）录像机:
n. [U, C] 也可用videotape，指录像带（此时指用于存储数据的磁性材料），也可指装录像带的盒子（此时叫盒式录像带）:
n. [U] 录影或录像的过程:
vt. [尤英]（正式用法为videotape）用录像机来录制电视节目；用摄影机给…录像:
n. [C]（电影等节目的）录影或录像制品:
video |['vɪdɪəʊ]
to programme, to set video 预设录像机；设置录像机
The movie will be released on video in June. 这部电影的录像带将于六月份发行。
a blank video 空白录像带
A wedding is the perfect subject for video. 婚礼是极好的录像主题。
to video that programme 录那个节目 
to video students 给学生们录像
live video 现场录像 
digital video 数字视频 
high-definition video 高清视频 
video camera, video player, video recorder 摄像机；放像机；录像机 
video monitor 视频监视器 
video clip 录像片段 
a short promotional video 一个宣传短片 
a home video 家庭录像 
instructional video 教学录像带 
online video 在线视频

n. 1 [U]（通常根据一定的标准，对人或事物的）选择、挑选、选拔:
2 [C] 被挑选出的一批人或事物，即被选中者:
3 [C] 可供选择的事物，尤指（商店内）可供挑选的某类商品:
selection |[sɪˈlekʃn]
The final team selection will be made tomorrow. 明天将确定队伍的最后人选。
the random selection of numbers 号码的随机抽取 
Darwin's principles of natural selection. 达尔文的自然选择理论 
Dr. Sullivan's selection to head the Department of Health was greeted with satisfaction. 人们对沙利文博士当选卫生部部长表示满意。
the careful selection of building materials 建筑材料的精心挑选 
Darwinian, sexual selection 达尔文物竞天择论；性别选择 
She took a long time to make her selection. 她花了很长时间才做出了选择。
Selection is based on standards of quality. 依据质量标准做出选择。
She hopes to win selection for the Olympic team.（win尤为英式用法）她希望能入选奥运队。
selection criteria, selection policy（尤英）选拔标准；选拔政策 
selection procedure, selection process 选拔程序；选拔过程 
selection bias 选择偏倚 
selection board, selection committee, selection panel（尤英）选拔委员会；选拔小组 
evolutionary selection pressures 进化选择的压力 
his selection as candidate for the party 他当选该党候选人 
We interviewed a random selection of teenagers. 我们随机采访了一批青少年。
The final selection of winners will be announced at the end of the event. 最终的获胜人选将在活动结束时公布。
The catalogue includes a selection of his poetry. 目录中列有他的诗歌作品选集。
She played a selection of waltzes. 她演奏了一组华尔兹舞曲。
a selection of hits from well-known musicals 著名音乐剧精选作品集 
A selection of readers' comments are published below. 下面选登了部分读者的意见。
this selection of popular songs 这张流行歌曲选集 
a dramatic rendition of selections from Dickens' A Christmas Carol. 以戏剧形式演绎的狄更斯《圣诞颂歌》节选片段 
We offer a broad selection of products. 我们供应种类繁多的商品。
The wine selection isn't bad. 这儿的葡萄酒不错。
The menu selection is very limited. 菜单上的菜品很有限。
The restaurant offers a wide selection of wine. 这家餐厅的葡萄酒种类繁多。
You'll find a good selection of paints at this store. 在这家店你能找到一些很棒的颜料。
Their website features a large selection of photographs. 他们网站的特色是汇集了大量的照片。
The showroom has a wide selection of kitchens. 展厅里有多种式样的厨房可供选择。
It offers the widest selection of antiques of every description in a one day market. 它在为期一天的集市上出售应有尽有的各种古董。

n. 1 [C, U]（尤指作为仪式的一部分的人员或车辆的）行列 、队列；也可指此种行进:
2 [C]（一个接着一个而来的）一列人:
procession |[prəˈseʃn]
Groups of unemployed people from all over the country marched in procession to the capital. 来自全国的失业群众列队向首都进发。
public, street procession 公众游行队伍；街头游行 
solemn, stately procession 庄严的游行队伍 
The solemn procession wound its way through the narrow streets. 庄严的游行队伍迂回地穿过狭窄的街道。
colourful/colorful procession 色彩艳丽的游行队伍 
ceremonial, formal procession 仪仗队 
triumphal procession 庆祝胜利的游行 
candlelit（英）, torchlight procession 举着烛火的游行队伍；举着火炬的游行队伍 
funeral, religious, wedding 送葬队伍；宗教游行；婚礼队伍 
The funeral procession moved slowly down the avenue. 送葬队伍在大街上缓缓前行。
The mayor of the town led the procession to the central square 镇长率领游行队伍来到了镇中心的广场。
when the procession reached the edge of the village 队伍到达村子的边缘时 
The children marched in procession behind the band. 孩子们跟在乐队的后面前进。
a procession of circus performers 马戏团演员的巡游队伍 
a procession through the heart of London 穿过伦敦市中心的游行队伍 
The procession made its way down the hill. 队伍走下山了。
Heavily laden donkeys joined the procession of jeeps and trucks. 满载货物的驴子加入了吉普车和卡车的队伍。
A procession of waiters appeared bearing trays of food. 一长列服务生端着一盘一盘饭菜出现了。
We've had an endless procession of new secretaries through the office since Amy left. 自从埃米离开后，我们办公室就像走马灯一样地换秘书。

n. 1 [C] [英]（也用bathtub，非正式为tub，英美均可用）大且长的浴缸或浴盆:
2 [C] [英]（浴缸里准备洗澡用的）洗澡水:
3 [C]（坐或躺在水里）洗澡:
4 [C, usually pl.] 旧时的公共浴室或澡堂:
vt. [英] [美用bathe] 给某人洗澡:
vi. [英，旧时] [美用bathe] 洗澡:
n. [C] [术语] 被注入了液体（如水或染料）的一个容器（某事物在该容器中进行洗涤或浸泡一段时间，用于工业、化学及医学加工处理）:
n. [pl.] [旧时，英] baths可表示公共游泳池（是一种公共建筑）:
bath |[bɑːθ]
free-standing bath 独立的浴缸 
to fill bath 往浴缸里注水 
a long soak in a hot bath 一次长时间的热水澡 
hot, warm bath 热水澡；温水澡 
bubble, mud, steam bath 泡泡浴；泥巴浴；蒸气浴 
to have（尤英）, to take（尤美）bath 洗澡 
bath towel 浴巾 
It’s the children’s bath time. 孩子们洗澡的时间到了。
Roman villas and baths 罗马别墅和浴室 
It’s your turn to bath the baby. 轮到你给婴儿洗澡了。

~ (that…) 狂怒的、暴怒的:
2 带有很大怒气的:
adj. 高速的:
adj. 耗费很多精力的（如激烈的、猛烈的）:
furious |[ˈfjʊəriəs;美ˈfjʊr-]
adj. 1 ~ (with sb) 
~ (at sth/sb) 
She was absolutely furious at having been deceived. 她受了骗，怒不可遏。
He was furious with himself for letting things get so out of control. 他生自己的气，怪自己竟让事情搞得如此不可收拾。
I'm furious that I wasn't told about it. 这事没有跟我说，我十分气愤。
He is furious at the way his wife has been treated. 妻子受到的待遇让他感到异常愤怒。
I am furious that it has taken so long to uncover what really happened. 花了这么长的时间才弄清楚究竟发生了什么事，这让我怒向胆边生。
Their incompetence made me furious. 他们的无能今我大为光火。
I'm still furious with him。我仍然对他十分恼火。
I got absolutely furious with him. 我对他十分恼火。
The President was reportedly furious at the comment. 报道称总统对这一评论大为光火。
He was simply furious about what had happened to his mother. 他母亲的遭遇让他火冒三丈。
The president is said to be furious at the newspaper report. 据说总统对报纸的报道大动肝火。
You must be furious at me for not telling you sooner. 我没有早点儿告诉你，你一定非常生气。
She was still furious over suggestions that she had lied to the public. 她对那些暗示她欺骗公众的话仍然怒不可遏。
She drove off at a furious pace. 她驾车飞驰而去。
a furious debate 激烈的辩论 
A furious gunbattle ensued. 一场激烈的枪战随之爆发。

~ (against sb/sth) 一群人做出的密谋策划（共谋做坏事）:
conspiracy |[kənˈspɪrəsi]
a conspiracy to overthrow the government 颠覆政府的阴谋 
conspiracies against the president 反对总统的阴谋诡计 
criminal, political conspiracy 犯罪共谋；政治阴谋 
I suspected that he was involved in the conspiracy. 我怀疑他参与了这场阴谋。
This action was part of a conspiracy to deceive the public. 这次行动是欺骗公众的阴谋的一部分。
Who organized the conspiracy against the president? 谁策划了反对总统的阴谋？
to uncover a conspiracy 揭露阴谋 
All three men were convicted on conspiracy charges. 这三个人都因共谋指控而背叛有罪。
a conspiracy between the police and the right-wing parties 警方和右翼党派之间的共谋 
a conspiracy of silence (= an agreement not to talk publicly about sth which should be made public) 保持缄默的密约（对该公开的事情不公开谈论的约定）
There is a conspiracy of silence about the killer (= nobody will say what they know). 杀人凶手是谁，没有人会说出来。
They were charged with conspiracy to murder. 他们被指控密谋策划谋杀。
a conspiracy theory (= the belief that a secret conspiracy is responsible for a particular event) 阴谋论（认为某事件背后有阴谋）
Seven men, all from Bristol, admitted conspiracy to commit arson. 七个人都来自布里斯托尔，他们承认了合谋纵火。
He believes there probably was a conspiracy to kill President Kennedy in 1963. 他认为1963年肯尼迪总统遇刺身亡可能是一个阴谋。
It's all part of a conspiracy to dispense with the town centre all together and move everything out to Meadowhall. 彻底抛开市中心而把所有东西都搬到梅多霍尔购物中心，这完全是一场阴谋的一部分。
There was no evidence to link the brigade to any conspiracy against Mr Bush. 没有证据表明这帮人对布什先生图谋不轨。

Intellectual is also an adjective. 有高智力的
An intellectual is someone who spends a lot of time studying and thinking about complicated ideas. 知识分子
intellectually 智力地
Intellectual means involving a person's ability to think and to understand ideas and information. 智力的
intellectual |英 [,ɪntə'lektʃʊəl; -tjʊəl]  美 [,ɪntə'lɛktʃuəl]| adj. 智力的；聪明的；理智的/n. 知识分子；凭理智做事者/
They were very intellectual and witty.他们非常聪明、机智。
Teachers, artists and other intellectuals urged political parties to launch a united movement against the government.教师们、艺术家们和其他知识分子们敦促各政党发动一场反政府的联合运动。
...intellectually satisfying work.…在智力上令人满意的工作。
High levels of lead could damage the intellectual development of children.高含铅量会损害儿童的智力发育。



calcium |英 ['kælsɪəm]  美 ['kælsɪəm]| n. [化学] 钙/



n. [U] [有时贬]（尤指对过去的事过度或不当的）伤感、柔情、哀伤等:
n. [C, U] [正式]（尤指基于思想或情感的）情绪或态度:
n. [C]（用言辞表达的）观点、见解、感想:
sentiment |[ˈsentɪmənt]
mawkish sentiment（尤英）多愁善感 
The new movie is to be applauded for refusing to drift into mawkish sentiment. 这部新片未落入无病呻吟的俗套，势必会赢得热捧。
Laura kept that letter out of sentiment. 劳拉因无法释怀而一直保留着那封信。
The coronation was an occasion for extravagant myth and sentiment. 加冕典礼是极尽奢华和怀旧的仪式。
There is no room for sentiment in business. 在生意场上心肠不能软。
consumer, investor sentiment（均尤美）消费者情绪；投资者情绪 
bearish, bullish sentiment（均尤美）（股市等的）看跌情绪；看涨情绪 
There was a steep rise in bullish sentiment as foreign investors rushed in. 当外国投资者纷纷进入股市，看涨情绪陡然上升。
nationalist, patriotic sentiment 民族主义情绪；爱国主义情绪 
anti-Japanese sentiment 反日情绪 
anti-war sentiment among the civilian population 平民的反战情绪 
anti-government sentiment 反政府情绪 
Public sentiment rapidly turned anti-American. 公众情绪迅速转变，开始反对美国。
These actions are likely to inflame anti-Western sentiment. 这些行为很可能使人们反西方情绪高涨。
pro-American sentiment 亲美情绪 
racist sentiment 种族主义情绪 
political sentiment 政治情绪 
moral, religious sentiment 道德情感；宗教情感 
The people are renowned for their deep religious sentiment. 这些人以笃信宗教著称。
In the 19th century, anti-Catholic sentiment ran high. 19世纪反天主教情绪高涨。
It would be a mistake to ignore their strong sentiments on the issue. 无视他们在这个问题上的强烈情绪将是个错误。
The killings helped arouse popular sentiment against the organization. 杀戮激起了大众对该组织的敌对情绪。
critical sentiment towards/toward government policy 对政府政策的不满情绪 
Even though I disagree with you, I appreciate the sentiments that prompt you to speak out. 虽然我的看法和你不同，但我很理解你的想法。
He's found growing sentiment for military action. 他发现支持采取军事行动的情绪日益高涨。
This is a sentiment I wholeheartedly agree with. 这种态度我完全赞同。
Public sentiment is against any change to the law. 公众的意见是反对对该法律作任何修改。
I must agree with the sentiments expressed by John Prescott. 我不得不对约翰·普雷斯科特的见解表示赞同。
The Foreign Secretary echoed this sentiment. 外交大臣附和了这一看法。
He agrees with the sentiments expressed in the editorial. 他同意社论所表达的观点。
I think his view reflects the sentiment of a lot of fans. 我想他的观点反映了很多追随者的想法。
public sentiment in favour of state ownership 支持国有制的公众舆论 /‘I don't see why we should change our plans just because of him.’ ‘My sentiments exactly.’“我看不出为什么要因为他而改变我们的计划。”“我也这么想呢。”

n. [U, C] ~ for sb/sth（为将来做的）准备，预先采取的措施:
vt. [正式] [常用被动式] ~ sb/sth (with sth) 为某人或某事物提供所需物品（尤指提供能够持续一段时间的食物）:
n. 1 [U, C, usually sing.] 提供（给某人）供给；也可指对某人的供应物:
2 [pl.] provisions可指饮食的供应，尤指长长的旅途中的饮食供应:
n. [C]（法律文件的）规定:
n. [C]（法律文件的）条款:
provision |[prəˈvɪʒn]
He had already made provisions for (= planned for the financial future of) his wife and children before the accident. 意外事故发生之前，他已为妻子、儿女做好了经济安排。
It is important to make adequate provision for your retirement. 为退休生活做好充分准备是很重要的。
You should make provision for things going wrong. 你要采取措施，以防不测。
Special provision should be made for children. 应给孩子在经济上专门作好安排。
There are very generous provisions for the mother. 这位母亲在物质上得到了很好的赡养。
Mr King asked if it had ever occurred to her to make provision for her own pension. 金先生问她是否曾想过要为自己的养老金预先作安排。
There is no provision for funding performance-related pay rises. 没有为与业绩挂钩的加薪预作资金准备。
childcare, educational, housing, pension, service, welfare provision（均尤英）托儿服务的提供；教育的提供；住房的供应；养老金的提供；服务的提供；福利的提供 
Several companies are responsible for the provision of cleaning services. 有几家公司负责提供清洁服务。
The government is responsible for the provision of health care. 政府负责提供医疗服务。
The department is responsible for the provision of residential care services. 该部门负责提供家庭护理服务。
nursery provision for children with special needs 为有特殊需要的儿童提供护理 
There is no provision for anyone to sit down here. 这里没有可坐的地方。
The provision of specialist teachers is being increased. 当局正在增加设置专门师资。
On board were enough provisions for two weeks. 船上有足够两周吃的食物。
We went into town to stock up on provisions. 了储备食物我们进了城。
legal, legislative, statutory provision  法律规定；法规 
The same provisions apply to foreign-owned companies. 同样的规定适用于外资公司。
The Act contains detailed provisions for appeal against the court's decision. 该法案含有对法庭裁决上诉的详细规定。
Under the provisions of the lease, the tenant is responsible for repairs. 按契约规定，房客负责房屋维修。
The bill's provision for the sale and purchase of land faces stiff opposition from conservatives. 该法案关于土地买卖的规定遭到保守派的强硬反对。
detailed provision 详细的条款 
express（尤英）, particular, special, specific provision 专门条款；特别条款 
relevant provision 相关条款 
key provision 关键条款 
constitutional, legal, legislative, statutory provision 宪法中的条款；法律条款；法规条款 
sunset provision（法律，尤美）（定期检查发现无效即自行废止的）落日条款 
The law contained a sunset provision, requiring Congress to re-authorize it in 2008. 该法律规定包含了一则落日条款要求国会在2008年对其重新授权。
provisions contained in the contract 合同中的条款 
He backed a provision that would allow judges to delay granting a divorce decree in some cases. 他赞成一项允许法官在一些情况下延迟作出离婚判决的法律条款。

vt. 对将要发生的事怀有一种高兴或兴奋的心情，如期盼、期待:
vt. [正式] 先于某人去做某事，早于某人行动:
vt. 预料、预期:
vt. 预见（将来会发生的事并采取行动为此事做好准备），如未待提出就回答（问题）；预先考虑并满足（请求、需要等）:
anticipate |[ænˈtɪsɪpeɪt]
We eagerly anticipated the day we would leave school. 我们迫切地期盼着毕业离校的那一天。
one of the most eagerly anticipated arts events of the year 一年中最受期盼的艺术盛事之一 
The eagerly anticipated movie will be released next month. 那出观众翘首企盼的电影将于下月上映。          
When Scott reached the South Pole he found that Amundsen had anticipated him. 斯科特到达南极时发现阿蒙森已先到过那里。
We don't anticipate any major problems. 我们预料不会发生什么大问题。
I don't anticipate it being a problem. 我认为它不会成为一个问题。
It is widely anticipated that she will resign. 大家都预料她会辞职。
They anticipate moving to bigger premises by the end of the year. 他们预期年底前迁入较大的经营场址。
At the time we couldn't have anticipated the result of our campaigning. 那时我们不可能预料到我们这项运动的结果。
We anticipate that sales will rise next year. 我们预料明年销售量将会增加。
It is anticipated that inflation will stabilize at 3%. 据预测，通货膨胀将稳定在3%。
It is anticipated that the equivalent of 192 full-time jobs will be lost. 预计将失去相当于192份全职工作的岗位。
Our anticipated arrival time is 8.30. 我们预计抵达的时间是8:30。
What Jeff did was to anticipate my next question. 杰夫预先回答了我的下一个问题。
Do you expect your partner to anticipate your needs? 你是否期望你的伴侣不等你提出就主动满足你的需要？
We need someone who can anticipate and respond to changes in the fashion industry. 我们需要一个能预见时装业变化并做相应安排的人。

adj.  稳步发生或发展的，如（疾病）进行性的:
adj.（在思想、方法、改变等方面）进步的:
n. [usually pl.] 喜欢新思想、新方法或改革的人，即进步人士、开明人士、改革派人士:
adj.（也可用continuous）在语法中可指（动词）进行时的:
progressive |[prəˈgresɪv]
the progressive development of a common foreign and security policy 共同外交与安全政策的逐步发展 
a progressive reduction in the size of the workforce 劳力数量的逐步减少 
a progressive muscular disease 逐渐严重的肌肉病症 
One prominent symptom of the disease is progressive loss of memory. 这种疾病的一个显著症状就是记忆逐渐丧失。
progressive schools 先进的学校 
a progressive businessman 开明商人 
highly progressive in outlook 思想观念很开明 
to be politically progressive, to be socially progressive 政治上进步；社会上进步 
Willan was able to point to the progressive changes he had already introduced. 维兰能够找出他已经采用的一些革新。
political battles between progressives and conservatives 改革派与保守派之间的政治斗争

n. [C] 纪录影片、纪实广播（或电视）节目:
adj. [只用于名词前] 纪实的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 文件的、文献的、由文件（或文献）组成的:
documentary |[ˌdɒkjuˈmentri;美ˌdɑ:k-]
film, radio, television, TV documentary 电影纪录片；广播纪实节目；电视纪录片 
science, wildlife documentary 科学纪录片；野生动物纪录片 
half-hour, hour-long, forty-minute documentary 半小时的纪录片；一小时的纪录片；四十分钟的纪录片 
feature（尤美）, feature-length documentary 达到正片长度的纪录片 
fly-on-the-wall documentary（尤英）客观视角纪录片 
She has made a television documentary on poverty in our cities. 她制作了一部关于我们众多城市贫困状况的电视纪录片。
There were some interesting interviews in the documentary. 在纪录片中有一些有意思的访谈。
a documentary about identical twins 关于同卵双胞胎的纪录片 
documentary feature, documentary film, documentary programme, documentary series 纪录片；纪实电视节目；系列纪录片 
a documentary film maker 纪录片制片人 
a documentary film about the war 关于那场战争的纪录片
documentary sources, documentary material 文件来源；文献资料 
We have documentary evidence that they were planning military action. 我们有书面证据证明他们正在策划军事行动。

adj. 1 ~ (of sth)（价格）包含全部费用的，或包括所提到的费用在内的:
2 [英] from… to… inclusive 包括提到的所有的天数（或月、数目等）在内的:
3 包含的范围（如人员、事物、想法等的范围）广泛的:
inclusive |[ɪnˈklu:sɪv]
The fully inclusive fare for the trip is £52. 这次旅行的全部费用是52英镑。
The rent is inclusive of water and heating. 租金包括水费和暖气费。
The charge is inclusive of food. 收费包含餐费。
all prices are inclusive of delivery 所有的价格都包括运费在内 
an inclusive price of £32.90 全包价为32.90英镑 
We are offering free holidays for children aged two to eleven inclusive. 我们提供的度假活动，两岁至十一岁的儿童免费。
Training will commence on 5 October, running from Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. 培训将于 10 月 5 日开始,从星期二(含)到星期六(含)。
£20 for senior citizens and children (5 to 16 inclusive) 老人与儿童（5至16岁，包含5岁和16岁）价格为20英镑 
The party must adopt more inclusive strategies and a broader vision. 这个党必须采取更具包容性的策略和更远大的视野。
The academy is far more inclusive now than it used to be. 该学会的包容性比过去强了很多。
The system has become more inclusive. 该系统涵盖面更加广泛了。
We need to reach out as much as possible to make this a truly inclusive organization. 为了建设成一个真正广泛的组织，我们还需要尽量扩大接触面。
to be culturally inclusive, to be racially inclusive 文化包容性强；种族包容性强 
The government wants communities which are socially inclusive. 政府希望社区具有广泛的社会包容性。

an island or peninsula, especially a small one:anislandorpeninsula，尤其是小岛
isle |ʌɪl| Noun/:islet,isle,ait,eyot,hol
Crusoe's fabled isle:克鲁索传说中的小岛

n. [U]（废物等的）清除、清理:
n. [C] [美] 废物处理机（装于厨房水槽的污水管上，用以切碎食物垃圾）。相当于waste-disposal unit:
n. [C] [商业]（对公司、财产等的一部分的）变卖，让与:
disposal |[dɪˈspəʊzl;美-ˈspoʊ-]
garbage（美）, refuse（尤英）, rubbish（英）, trash（美）disposal 垃圾处理 
land, landfill disposal 地面填埋；垃圾填埋处理 
a kitchen waste disposal unit（unit尤为英式用法）厨余垃圾处理装置 
waste disposal sites 废物处理场 
a waste disposal company 废物处理公司 
sewage disposal systems 污水处理系统 
the disposal of nuclear waste 核废料的处理 
methods for the permanent disposal of radioactive wastes 处理放射性废料的一劳永逸的办法 
The waste must be taken to an approved disposal facility. 废弃物必须运到经批准的处理场所。
bomb disposal（尤英）排爆 
a bomb disposal squad 炸弹清除小组 
explosive ordnance disposal（军事）爆炸物处理 
The device was defused by army bomb disposal experts. 军队拆弹专家拆除了装置的引信。

adj. 1 令人印象深刻且巨大（或重要）的:
2 只用于名词前，Grand用于恢宏或巨大的建筑物等的名称中:
3 需要投入很多努力、金钱或时间才能成功的，意在达到恢弘效果的:
adj.（人）由于富有或来自较高的社会阶层而行为傲慢的，高高在上的:
adj. [方言或非正式] 非常令人享受的:
adj. 1 令人印象深刻且巨大（或重要）的:
2 只用于名词前，Grand用于恢宏或巨大的建筑物等的名称中:
3 需要投入很多努力、金钱或时间才能成功的，意在达到恢弘效果的:
adj. Grand用于社会地位极高的人的称号当中:
n. [C] 大钢琴，相当于grand piano:
n. [C] [非正式] 1000美元；1000英镑:
adj. [方言或非正式] 非常好的，非常令人享受的，出色的:
grand |[ɡrænd]
It’s not a very grand house. 这房子并不是十分富丽堂皇。
The wedding was a very grand occasion. 婚礼场面非常隆重。
the Grand Canyon 大峡谷 
We stayed at the Grand Hotel. 我们住在格兰酒店。
grand design, grand plan, grand strategy 宏伟的蓝图；宏大的计划；重大的战略思想 
New Yorkers built their city on a grand scale. 纽约人大规模地建造自己的城市。
I had a grand day out at the seaside. 我在海边痛痛快快玩了一天。
It’s not a very grand house. 这房子并不是十分富丽堂皇。
The wedding was a very grand occasion. 婚礼场面非常隆重。
the Grand Canyon 大峡谷 
We stayed at the Grand Hotel. 我们住在格兰酒店。
grand design, grand plan, grand strategy 宏伟的蓝图；宏大的计划；重大的战略思想 
New Yorkers built their city on a grand scale. 纽约人大规模地建造自己的城市。
the Grand Duchess Elena 大公夫人埃琳娜
It’ll cost you five grand! 这要花去你5000块钱！
I had a grand day out at the seaside. 我在海边痛痛快快玩了一天。
Thanks. That’ll be grand! 谢谢。那太棒了！
Fred did a grand job of painting the house. 弗雷德粉刷房子干得很出色。

prep. 除…之外，与except同义:
n. [C] 光带:
n. [C] 颜色带:
vt. 1 用铁条或木条封住，如把门插上门闩:
2 阻挡道路:
3 bar sb (from sth/from doing sth) 禁止、阻止或防止某人做某事:
n. [C] bar (to sth/to doing sth) 表示（阻止某人做某事的）障碍，常用单数（与block和brake差异极小，只是bar和block此时常用单数）:
n. 1 [C] 酒吧。是此义的常规用词:
2 [C] 旅馆等的酒吧间:
3 [C] 出售酒水饮料等的柜台:
n. [C] 一种压强单位:
n. 1 [C]（如巧克力、肥皂等的）长方形的条，块:
2 [C] 长的金属（或木头）条，棒，常用作护栏:
n. [C] 电热炉的电热棒:
n. [C] the bar在体育运动中为单数名词，可指球门的横梁:
n. [C] 在英式用法中，还可指乐谱的小节，北美对应词为measure:
n. [C] 尤用于构成复合词，指主要（或专门）出售某类食品或饮料的地方:
n. [C] 在法律领域，the Bar为单数名词，在英国可指可出席高等法院的大律师职业，在北美可指任何种类的律师职业:
bar |[bɑː]
The students all attended, bar two who were ill. 除了两人生病，所有的学生都到了。
It’s the best result we’ve ever had, bar none (= none was better). 这是我们所取得的前所未有的最好成绩。
bars of sunlight slanted down from the tall narrow windows. 一道道阳光从高高的狭窄窗口斜射下来。
All the doors and windows were barred. 所有的门窗都加上了铁条。
Two police officers were barring her exit. 两名警察挡着她的出路。
We found our way barred by rocks. 我们发现大石块挡住了我们的路。
The players are barred from drinking alcohol the night before a match. 运动员在参赛前夜不得喝酒。
The curfew has effectively barred migrant workers from their jobs. 宵禁实际上使得流动工人无法上班。
a bar to promotion in a profession 职场中的晋升障碍
open bar 露天的酒吧 
singles bar 单身酒吧 
karaoke bar 卡拉OK歌厅 
bar food 酒吧食物 
bar stool 酒吧高脚凳 
bar counter 吧台 
the bar of the hotel 这家旅馆的酒吧间 
bar area 酒吧区 
They were chatting at the bar. 他们正在吧台聊天。
The barmaid stood behind the bar. 女服务员站在吧台后面。
a bar of chocolate, a bar of soap 一条巧克力；一块肥皂 
He smashed the window with an iron bar. 他用铁棒敲碎了窗户。
All the ground floor windows were fitted with bars. 底层所有的窗户都装了铁栅。
bars of wood 木条
His shot hit the bar. 他射门击中球门的横梁。
four beats to the bar 一小节四拍 
the opening bars of a piece of music 乐曲开头的几个小节 
She played a few bars on the piano. 她在钢琴上弹奏了几个小节。
breakfast, burger, coffee, juice, snack, sushi bar 早餐店；汉堡店；咖啡店；果汁店；小吃店；寿司店
to be called to the Bar 获得大律师资格

adj. [常用于名词前] 被期望（或被预期）很快发生的，即行将发生的、即将来临的。相当于forthcoming:
adj. [常用于名词前] 被期望（或被预期）去做某事（或变成某事物）的，即有望的、可能的、潜在的:
prospective |[prəˈspektɪv]
They are worried about prospective changes in the law. 他们担心即将修改法律。
the terms of the prospective deal 即将达成的交易的条款
The story should act as a warning to other prospective buyers. 这篇报道应该对其他潜在的购买者起到警示作用。
When his prospective employers learned that he smoked, they said they wouldn't hire him. 本有可能雇用他的老板们得知他吸烟后，说他们不会雇他。
prospective candidate 潜在的候选人 
prospective visitor 可能的到访者 
prospective investor 潜在的投资者 
prospective customer 潜在的顾客
