metropolitan					大都市的，本土的
include						包括
herself								她自己
summon				召唤，召集
activate				启动，触发
pyramid				金字塔，锥体
contain							容纳，包含，抑制
lure				引诱，诱惑力，诱饵
cure				治愈，解决，晒干
lower				较低的，放下，降低，变阴沉
lower oneself		降低身份
detain			耽搁，拘留，住院
modify			修改，降低，修饰
encounter			遭遇，邂逅
conceive			想出，怀有，怀孕
emergency							紧急情况
successor			继任者，替代物
retrospect			事后看来
performance						表演，表现，履行，性能
essential						完全必要的，本质的，必需品，基本要素
disclose			使...显露，透露
nominate			提名，任命，指定
crisis						危机
indication			迹象
heritage		遗产
scale						等级，刻度，比例
sympathetic			有同情心的，赞同的，合意的
conversion			转变，兑换，改建
psychology			心理学
tomato						番茄，鲜红色
mark									斑点，符号，标志，得分，做记号于，是...的特征
\\\\\\\\

adj. [只用于名词前] 只与一国的本土（而非与该国控制的世界上的其它地区）有关的，即本土的:
adj. [只用于名词前] [美式也可用非正式的metro] 大城市的、大都会的:
n. [C]（东正教和天主教的）大主教:
metropolitan |[ˌmetrəˈpɒlɪtən;美-ˈpɑ:l-]
metropolitan France, metropolitan Spain 法国本土；西班牙本土
the New York metropolitan area 纽约市区 
the metropolitan district of Miami 迈阿密的都市区 
metropolitan regions 都市区 
metropolitan borough（英国的）大都市的行政区 
metropolitan council（尤英）大都市政务委员会 
a dozen major metropolitan hospitals 大城市的十二家大医院
he Ukrainian Catholic representatives, Metropolitan Volodymyr and Bishop Sofron 乌克兰的天主教代表——弗拉基米尔大主教和索夫龙主教

vt. 1 某事物以其他事物作为其一部分，可称为包含、包括。一般也不表示空间上的“容纳”，而表示“包括”在概念上能明确界定的一些部分，且该词后面也不必列出所有组成部分（如这份文件“包含”文字和图片等）:
2 include sb/sth (as/in/on sth) 使某人或某事物成为其他事物的一部分:
include |[ɪn'klu:d]
The tour included a visit to the Science Museum. 这次游览包括参观科学博物馆。
Does the price include tax? 这个价钱是否包括税款？
Your duties include typing letters and answering the telephone. 你的职责包括打信件和接电话。
You should include some examples in your essay. 你应该在文章里举一些例子。
We all went, me included. 我们都去了，连我在内。
Representatives from the country were included as observers at the conference. 这个国家的代表都被列为会议的观察员。

used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a female person or animal previously mentioned as the subject of the clause:用作动词或介词的宾语，指代前面提到的作为从句主语的女性或动物
she or her personally:she或她本人
herself |həːˈsɛlf| Pronoun/:她自己,本人
she had to defend herself:她必须为自己辩护
she told me herself:她自己告诉我

vt. [正式] 吁求、请求、争取获得某事物:
vt. ~ sb (to sth) [正式] 命令某人来见你:
vt. ~ sth (up)（尤指在身处困境时）在内心深处唤起一种力量，如鼓起勇气、使出力气等:
vt. [正式] 召集或召开一个正式会议:
vt. [正式] 传唤（某人出庭）:
summon |[ˈsʌmən]
to summon assistance, to summon help, to summon reinforcements 请求援助；请求帮助；请求增援         
In May 1688 he was urgently summoned to London. 1688年5月，他被紧急召往伦敦。
She summoned the waiter. 她召唤服务员过来。
He summoned a doctor and hurried over. 他叫了医生，然后匆忙赶了过来。
Suddenly we were summoned to the interview room. 突然我们被叫进了面试的房间。
She was duly summoned for an interview. 她获得正式通知去参加面试。
She was summoned back to his office. 她被召回他的办公室。
I was recently summoned for jury duty. 我最近被召来做陪审员。
She was trying to summon up the courage to leave him. 当时她试图鼓起勇气离开他。
It took her a full month to summon the courage to tell her mother. 她用了整整一个月才鼓足勇气告诉了妈妈。
I couldn't even summon the energy to get out of bed. 我甚至连下床的力气都没有。
He could hardly summon the strength to stand up. 他几乎连站起来的力气都没有了。
She managed to summon up a smile. 她勉强挤出一丝笑容。
to summon a meeting 召集会议               
He was summoned to appear before the magistrates. 他被传唤在地方法院出庭。
He has been summoned from New York to give evidence at the trial. 他被从纽约召来出庭作证。

vt. 激活一个装置或化学过程:
activate |[ˈæktɪveɪt]
The burglar alarm is activated by movement. 这防盗警报器一动就会响。
Video cameras with night vision can be activated by movement. 带夜视镜的摄像机一有动静就会启动。
a voice-activated computer 声控电脑 
The gene is activated by a specific protein. 这种基因由一种特异性蛋白激活。

n. [C] 人类组织的金字塔形结构或组织系统:
n. [C] 几何学中的角锥体（其底面可以是正方形，也可以是三角形等）:
n. [C] 金字塔形（或角锥形）的一堆东西:
n. [C] 金字塔形（或角锥形）的一个物体或一堆东西:
n. [C] 金字塔:
pyramid |['pɪrəmɪd]
to be set at the top of the social pyramid 位于社会金字塔的顶层 
a management pyramid 金字塔式的管理体系
a pyramid of cans 被摆成金字塔形的罐头 
The plate was piled a pyramid of food. 盘子里的食物堆成了金字塔形。
a pyramid of cans 被摆成金字塔形的罐头 
The plate was piled a pyramid of food. 盘子里的食物堆成了金字塔形。
the Pyramids and Sphinx 金字塔和狮身人面像

vt. 控制、克制或抑制（自己的感情），相当于restrain:
vt. 某事物（在其内部）包含别的事物；或某事物以别的事物作为其一部分。可称为包含、含有、容纳。是一个广义用词，含义极为广泛:
vt. 防止有害的事物蔓延或恶化:
contain |[kən'teɪn]
She was unable to contain her excitement. 她无法抑制内心的激动。
I was so furious I just couldn’t contain myself. 我气愤极了，简直无法克制自己。
This drink doesn’t contain any alcohol. 这种饮料不含任何酒精。
Her statement contained one or two inaccuracies. 她的陈述有一两处不准确。
a brown envelope containing dollar bills 装有钞票的棕色信封 
The bottle contains (= can hold) two litres. 此瓶容量为两升。
to contain an epidemic 防止流行病的蔓延 
to contain a rebellion 遏止叛乱

n. [usually sing.] 某事物的吸引力、诱惑力:
vt.&vi. [贬] 通过许诺给别人奖励而劝说或欺骗其去某地或去做某事，即引诱:
n. [C] 捕捉鱼、动物的诱饵:
lure |[lʊə(r);ljʊə(r);美lʊr]
Few can resist the lure of adventure. 很少有人能抵御历险的诱惑力。
He felt the lure of distant places. 他感到了远方的召唤。
The child was lured into a car but managed to escape. 那小孩被诱骗上了车，但又设法逃掉了。
Young people are lured to the city by the prospect of a job and money. 年轻人希望打工赚钱，从而被诱惑到城市。

vt. 解决（问题）。有一种“纠正”的色彩。不太常用:
n. [C] cure (for sth)（问题等的）解决方法，或（糟糕状况等的）改善措施:
vt. cure sb of sth 纠正某人的行为（尤指纠正不良行为）:
vt.（用干燥、烟熏、腌制等方法）加工处理食物（以使其能够长久保存）:
vt.（用干燥、烟熏、腌制等方法）加工处理食物、烟草、动物皮等（以使其能够长久保存）:
vt. 1 治愈（疾病或损伤）:
2 治愈（患病或受伤的人或动物）:
n. 1 [C] cure (for sth)（治愈伤病的）药物或疗法。表“疗法”时，treatment一般指具体的疗法种类或名称，而cure常表示疗法的有效程度:
2 [C] 治疗，或治愈的过程:
cure |[kjʊə]
to cure the country’s economic troubles 解决该国的经济困难
the magic cure for inflation 解决通货膨胀的神奇方法 
a cure for poverty 解决贫困问题的措施 
Science cannot provide a cure for all the world’s problems. 科学不可能解决世界上所有的问题。
to cure him of drinking 纠正（或戒掉）他的饮酒习惯
The meat was cured and smoked over the fire. 肉在火上经过了烟熏处理。
The meat was cured and smoked over the fire. 肉在火上经过了烟熏处理。
to cure his injury 治愈他的伤 
This disease cannot be cured. 这种病治不好。
Will you be able to cure him, Doctor? 医生，你能把他治好吗？
He was now completely cured of his illness. 他现在彻底痊愈了。
instant, miracle, wonder cure 快速疗法；神奇疗法；特效疗法 
rest cure 静养疗法 
There is no known cure for the disease. 这种疾病目前还无法医治。
If the disease is detected early, it has a cure. 如果早点发现，这病是可以医治的。
No one can effect a cure if the disease has spread too far. 如果这种疾病已严重扩散，那么没有人能够医治。
These drugs can sometimes effect miraculous cures. 这些药有时有神奇的疗效。
miraculous cure 奇迹般的痊愈 
complete, permanent cure 完全治愈；根治 

vt. 把…（缓慢地）放低或降下:
vt.&vi. 减小、缩小、降低（数值、品质等）:
vt. ~ yourself 降低，贬低（身份）:
vt.（例如由于悲伤或尴尬）垂下，低下（头或眼睛）:
vt. 把自己的身体（缓慢地）放低:
adj. [只用于名词前]（一个地方）朝向海岸的；低洼的；向南的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 在底部的；接近底部的:
adj. [只用于名词前]（尤指位于同类物品或成对物品中另一个的）下面的，下方的:
vi. [文学]（天空或云）变昏暗；变恶劣；变阴沉:
adj. [只用于名词前]（在重要性上）较低的、低等的:
lower |[ˈlaʊə(r)][ˈləʊə(r);美ˈloʊ-]
They lowered him down the cliff on a rope. 他们用绳索把他放下悬崖。
Two reporters had to help lower the coffin into the grave. 两名记者不得不帮忙把灵柩慢慢地放进墓穴中。
Sokolowski lowered himself into the black leather chair. 索科洛夫斯基缓缓地坐到黑色皮椅上。
She lowered herself into the driver's seat. 她屈身坐到驾驶员座位上。
She lowered herself down to the floor. 她低身坐到地板上。
He carefully lowered the sleeping child onto the bed. 他小心翼翼地把睡着的孩子放到床上。
She lowered her newspaper and looked around. 她放低报纸往四下看了看。
He lowered his voice to a whisper. 他压低了声音悄悄地说。
Her voice lowered as she spoke. 她一边说一边压低了嗓音。
This drug is used to lower blood pressure. 这种药用于降血压。
Don't lower yourself, don't be the way they are. 不要自贬身份,不要学他们那样。
I've got no qualms about lowering myself to Lemmer's level to get what I want. 为得到我想要的东西，我一点都不忌讳把自己降格到跟莱麦尔一样。
He had to lower his head to get through the door. 他得低头才能过这道门。
She lowered her head and brushed past photographers as she went back inside. 她再次回到里面时低着头，与摄影师擦身而过。
She lowered her gaze to the hands in her lap. 她低头盯着放在大腿上的双手。
Cristina blushed and quickly lowered her eyes. 克里斯蒂娜脸一红，赶紧垂下双眼。
Sokolowski lowered himself into the black leather chair. 索科洛夫斯基缓缓地坐到黑色皮椅上。
She lowered herself into the driver's seat. 她屈身坐到驾驶员座位上。
She lowered herself down to the floor. 她低身坐到地板上。
the lower reaches of the Nile 尼罗河的下游
the mountain's lower slopes 山麓斜坡 
fires which started in the lower part of a tower block 从塔楼底部开始烧起的大火 
Use a small cushion to help give support to the lower back. 用一个小靠垫帮助支撑腰部。
the lower deck of a ship 船的下甲板 
the lower deck of the bus 公共汽车的下层 
His lower lip trembled. 他的下唇在颤抖。
Already the awards are causing resentment in the lower ranks of council officers. 奖项已使政务委员会的低层官员们愤愤不平。
The nation's highest court reversed the lower court's decision. 该国最高法院已推翻了下级法院的判决。

vt. [正式] 留住某人，以阻止其去某地，即阻留、耽搁（别人的时间）:
vt. 留（在医院）:
vt. 留（在医院）:
vt. 扣留、拘留（在警察局、监狱）:
detain |[dɪˈteɪn]
I'm sorry--he'll be late; he's been detained at a meeting. 对不起——他要晚点到，他因会议耽搁了。
Thank you. We won't detain you any further. 非常感谢。我们就不再耽搁您的时间了。
This issue need not detain us long.（need not尤为英式用法）这件事不必耽搁我们太久。
Two people were detained in hospital following the crash.（be detained in hospital为英式用法）撞车事故发生后，两人被留院治疗。
Two people were detained in hospital following the crash.（be detained in hospital为英式用法）撞车事故发生后，两人被留院治疗。
The act allows police to detain a suspect for up to 48 hours. 该法令允许警方将嫌疑犯扣押最多48小时。
He was arrested and detained for questioning. 他遭到逮捕、拘留以接受问讯。
She was arrested and detained for distributing pro-democracy leaflets. 她因为散发支持民主的传单而被拘留了。
He was kidnapped and briefly detained by a terrorist group. 他被一个恐怖组织绑架并短暂拘禁。Prisoners cannot be detained indefinitely without charge. 不能无限期羁押囚犯而不提出控告。He has been detained without trial for nearly two years now. 他未经审判就被拘押，到现在已将近两年。
to detain sb illegally 非法扣押某人 
Over 60 people have been detained in connection with the coup attempt. 60多人因牵涉这起未遂政变而被拘留。
be detained in custody（英）被拘留

vt. 使某事物不极端，如缓和:
vt. 稍作修改（以使其更适合于某一目的）:
vt. [语法] 修饰:
It is a rule of English that adjectives generally precede the noun they modify: we say'a good cry', not 'a cry good'. 英语规定形容词通常放在其修饰的名词前:
modify |[ˈmɒdɪfaɪ;美ˈmɑ:d-]
to modify your behaviour, to modify your language, to modify your views 使你的行为更容易让人接受；使你的语言更容易让人接受；使你的观点更容易让人接受
The software we use has been modified for us. 我们使用的软件已按我们的需要作过修改。
A highly modified version of the program is being used. 正在使用的是该程序经过大幅修改的版本。
The club members did agree to modify their recruitment policy. 俱乐部成员的确同意修改吸纳新成员的政策。
The plane was a modified version of the C-130. 这种飞机是C-130的改进机型。
Patients are taught how to modify their diet. 病人获得有关如何调节自己饮食的指导。
genetically modified organisms 转基因生物 
You may need to modify your plans a little. 或许你需要稍稍改动一下你的计划。
Stories and characters had to be modified to fit a 21st-century audience. 为了适应21世纪的观众，不得不对故事和人物作一些改动。
We can modify the service for local conditions. 我们可以针对当地条件对服务进行调整。
These ideas are still used today, though in a slightly modified form. 这些构想如今仍在采用，只是形式稍有些变化。
The original text has been modified so radically that it is barely recognizable. 原文改动得如此彻底，几乎面目全非。
In ‘walk slowly’, the adverb ‘slowly’ modifies the verb ‘walk’. 在walk slowly中，副词slowly修饰动词walk。
我们说a good cry，不说a cry good。

n. [C] 特殊的经历或体验:
vt.（在做某事的时候）遭遇、遇到某事，尤指早遇到令人不快或困难的事:
vt. [正式] 想到某个主意，尤指偶然或意外地想到一个新主意:
n. [C] 暴力冲突:
vt. [正式] 遇到某人或某事物，尤指偶然或意外地碰到新人或新事物:
~ (between A and B)（意外、突然或暴力的）相遇、邂逅、遭遇:
n. [C] 与某个特定的运动员或队伍进行的体育比赛、交锋:
encounter |[ɪnˈkaʊntə(r)]
It was his first sexual encounter (= first experience of sex). 那是他的第一次性经历。
his first serious encounter with alcohol 他第一次正儿八经喝酒的经历
We encountered a number of difficulties in the first week. 我们在第一周遇到了一些困难。
I had never encountered such resistance before. 我以前从未遇到过这么大的阻力。
Every day of our lives we encounter stresses of one kind or another. 我们在每天的生活中会面临这样或那样的压力。
Environmental problems they found in Poland were among the worst they encountered. 他们在波兰发现的环境问题是他们遇到过的最严重的。
an idea I first encountered when I was in the army 我在军队时第一次想到的主意
armed, violent encounter 武装冲突；暴力冲突 
colonial encounter 殖民冲突 
violent encounters between police and protesters 警察和抗议者之间的激烈冲突 
Three of them were killed in the subsequent encounter with the police. 他们中有三个人在后来与警察的冲突中被杀死。
She was the most remarkable woman he had ever encountered. 她是他所见到过的最出色的女性。
Did you encounter anyone in the building? 你在大楼里遇到谁了么？
Renata wrote him that she had encountered her long-estranged father. 雷娜塔写信告诉他说她碰到了分离多年的父亲。
Walruses were commonly encountered in the Shetland Islands until quite recently. 以往在设得兰群岛遇到海象是很平常的事，最近情况有所不同了。
The story describes the extraordinary encounter between a man and a dolphin. 这个故事描述了一个男人与一只海豚之间的奇遇。
I decided not to risk a second close encounter with the snakes. 我决定不再冒第二次遇到蛇的风险了。
The author tells of a remarkable encounter with a group of South Vietnamese soldiers. 作者讲述了和一群南越士兵的奇遇。
examination of UFO sightings and alien encounters 对目睹不明飞行物和遭遇外星人事件的调查 
I've had a number of close encounters (= situations that could have been dangerous) with bad drivers. 我好几次都险些与技术不佳的司机相撞。
her early encounters with contemporary art 她早年和当代艺术的接触 
I did not see him again, except for a brief encounter on a train. 除了有一次在火车上短暂相遇，我再也没看见过他。
It was a chance encounter that led to the setting up of the new political party. 是一次偶然的碰面导致了这个新政党的建立。
The press conference was her first direct encounter with the media. 这次新闻发布会是她第一次直接面对媒体。
the language we use in everyday social encounters 我们在日常社交中使用的语言。
romantic encounter 浪漫的邂逅 
Few men survive an encounter with her! 很少有男人遇到她而不被迷倒！
my first encounter with my new boss 我和新老板的第一次见面         
She has beaten her opponent in all of their previous encounters. 她在以前的所有交锋中都击败了这个对手。
to win the encounter 在对决中获胜

vt. [正式] ~ (of) sth (as sth) 想出一个想法、计划等；想象:
vt.&vi. 女子怀孕:
conceive |[kənˈsi:v]
He conceived the idea of transforming the old power station into an arts centre. 他想出了一个把旧发电站改造为艺术中心的主意。
God is often conceived of as male. 上帝常常被想象为男性。
I cannot conceive (= I do not believe) (that) he would wish to harm us. 我无法想象他会存心伤害我们。
I cannot conceive what it must be like. 我想象不出它会是什么样子。
The plan was brilliantly conceived. 这个计划设计得很高明。
The course is very broadly conceived (= it covers a wide range of topics). 这门课程涵盖的范围很广。
The dam project was originally conceived in 1977. 该水坝工程最初构想于1977年。
I cannot conceive why you paid out so much money. 我不能理解你为什么付了这么多钱。
It is difficult to conceive of a society without money. 很难想象一个没有货币的社会会是什么样。
We conceive of ourselves as individuals. 我们把自己看成独立的个体。
She is unable to conceive. 她不能怀孕。
Their first child was conceived on their wedding night. 他们的第一个小孩是在新婚之夜怀上的。
the Christian belief in Jesus as being immaculately conceived 认为耶稣成胎时蒙受天恩而未沾染原罪的基督教信仰

n. [C, U] 一场突发的严重且危险的事件；或一个需要立刻采取行动去处理的情况（如紧急情况）:
emergency |[ɪ'mə:dӡnsɪ]
a state of emergency 紧急状态 
the emergency exit 紧急出口 
I always have some extra cash with me for emergencies. 我总是随身多带点现金以备急需。
a family emergency 家里的紧急情况 
health emergency 突发卫生事件 
emergency situation 紧急情况 
emergency measures, emergency response 应急措施；应急响应 
emergency aid 紧急援助

n. [C] ~ (to sb/sth)（某人或某事物的）接替者、继任者:
successor |[səkˈsesə(r)]
his would-be successor 他未来的继任者 
spiritual successor 精神继承人 
Who's the likely successor to him as party leader? 谁较可能接替他担任党的领袖？
He doesn't have an obvious successor as party leader. 他还没有明确的接班人来继任党的领袖。
She will hand over to her successor in one year's time.（hand over to尤为英式用法）她将在一年内向继任者移交权力。
She has been appointed as his successor. 她已被指定为他的接班人。
Andrew Kirkham will be her successor as Chief Executive. 安德鲁·柯卡姆将接替她成为首席执行官。
The former newsreader is being tipped as a possible successor to the outgoing Head of Broadcasting.（tip尤为英式用法）那名前新闻播音员被认为有可能接替即将离任的广播部主任。
He set out several principles that he hopes will guide his successors. 他制订了几条原则，希望可以引导继任者。
several critics hailed him then as the greatest living Scottish poet, the natural successor to his old friend Hugh MacDiarmid 紧接着，一些评论家称赞他为当今苏格兰最伟大的诗人，是他的老朋友休·麦克迪尔米德理所当然的接班人 
The new Ministry of Food is the successor to the old Department of Agriculture. 新的粮食部取代了原来的农业部。
the challenge to create a worthy successor to the old library building 建一座能与老图书馆媲美的大楼的挑战。
Their latest release is a worthy successor to their popular debut album. 继首张唱片大受欢迎之后，他们最新推出的专辑再获成功。

n. [sing.] in ~（对过往事件或情形的）回顾、回想（对此事或此种情形常带有与当初不同的看法）:
retrospect |[ˈretrəspekt]
In retrospect, I think that I was wrong. 回首往事，我觉得当时我错了。
The decision seems extremely odd, in retrospect. 回想起来，这个决定显得极其荒谬。
In retrospect, I wish that I had thought about alternative courses of action. 回想起来，我真希望自己当时考虑过其他做法。
It was a very strange feeling in retrospect — I was frightened, but excited at the same time. 回想起来那是一种非常奇怪的感觉——我当时既害怕又兴奋。

n. [U, C] 把某事做得多么好或多么糟；…运转得多么好或多么糟。即表现、性能、业绩等:
n. [U, sing.] [正式]（任务、行为等的）执行、做等:
n. [sing.] [尤英，非正式] 让人付出很多努力（或给人造成很多麻烦）的行为，即忙乱、麻烦（有时并不必要）:
n. 1 [C]（戏剧、音乐会等文艺娱乐节目的）表演，演出:
2 [C] 一个人在戏剧、音乐会等艺术形式上的演技或表现:
n. 1 [C]（音乐会的）表演，演出:
2 [C] 一个人在音乐会上的演技或表现。常是好的或坏的表现，是对其演技的一种评价:
n. 1 [C]（戏剧的）表演，演出:
2 [C] 一个人在戏剧上的演技或表现。常是好的或坏的表现，是对其演技的一种评价:
performance |[pə'fɔ:məns]
economic, financial, sales performance 经济表现；财务业绩；销售业绩 
academic, school performance 学业成绩 
environmental, athletic performance 环保业绩；运动成绩 
The team put in an excellent performance. 该团队的表现很优秀。
performance assessment, performance evaluation 绩效考评；绩效评估 
performance-related pay 绩效工资 
performance bonus 绩效奖金 
high-performance cars 高性能汽车
She has shown enthusiasm in the performance of her duties. 她在工作中表现出对工作的热忱。
He did not want a repeat performance of the humiliating defeat he had suffered. 他不想让失败的耻辱重演。
It’s such a performance getting the children off to school in the morning. 早上打发孩子上学可要忙乱一阵子呢。
ballet, dance, opera, vocal performance 芭蕾舞演出；舞蹈演出；歌剧演出；声乐演出 
benefit performance 义演 
live performance 现场演出 
public performance 公开演出 
cameo performance（尤英）客串演出 
The company is putting on a performance of the popular musical ‘Cats’. 该剧团正在上演热门音乐剧《猫》。
She gave the greatest performance of her career. 她做了演艺生涯中最精彩的表演。          
concert, musical, vocal performance 音乐会演出；音乐剧演出；声乐演出 
benefit, charity（尤英）performance 义演；慈善演出 
live performance 现场演出 
public performance 公开演出 
She gave the greatest performance of her career. 她做了演艺生涯中最精彩的表演。
dramatic, opera, musical performance戏剧演出；歌剧演出；音乐剧演出 
She gave the greatest performance of her career. 她做了演艺生涯中最精彩的表演。

n. [usually pl.]（在某种情况中或做某事）必需的东西、必需品:
~ (to do sth) | ~ (that…) 完全必要的、必不可少的、（在某种情况中或对某一活动）极其重要的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 与某人或某事物的最重要方面（或本质）有关的，即本质的、根本的、基本的:
In this trial two essential elements must be proven: motive and opportunity. 在这次审讯中，必须证明两个基本因素:
n. [usually pl.] 关于某个主题或学科的最重要的方面或知识，如要点、实质、基础:
essential |[ɪˈsenʃl]
the bare essentials for existence 生存的必需品 
I only had time to pack the bare essentials (= the most necessary things). 我只来得及装上最基本的用品。
The relief agencies are trying to provide food and other basic essentials. 救援机构正努力提供食物和其他必需品。
The flat contained the basic essentials for bachelor life. 那套公寓配有单身生活的基本必需品。
The studio had all the essentials like heating and running water. 工作室里备有基本设施，如暖气装置和自来水。
adj. ~ (to/for sth) 
essential part, essential ingredient, essential component 必不可少的一部分；必不可少的成分；必不可少的组成部分 
Money is not essential to happiness. 金钱对于幸福并非必不可少。
Experience is essential for this job. 对于这个工作，经验是非常重要的。
essential services such as gas, water and electricity 诸如燃气、水、电等必不可少的设施 
The museum is closed while essential repairs are being carried out. 博物馆正在进行大修，在此期间暂停开放。
It is essential to keep the two groups separate. 将这两组隔开是完全必要的。
It is essential that you have some experience. 你必须得有些经验。
Even in small companies, computers are an essential tool. 即使在小公司里，计算机也是必不可少的工具。
It was absolutely essential to separate crops from the areas that animals used as pasture. 将庄稼和放牧区分开绝对必要。
As they must also sprint over short distances, speed is essential. 由于他们也必须进行短跑，因此速度至关重要。
It is becoming almost essential for students to have a second language. 学生掌握第二语言几乎是必需的了。
Increased competition makes it essential for the business to innovate. 日益激烈的竞争使企业创新变得极为重要。
Do you consider these textbooks essential for the course? 你认为这个课程必须采用这些教科书吗？
A printer is clearly essential to such a task. 显然，这一工作必须要有一台打印机。
Diet is crucial, exercise is equally essential. 饮食很关键，锻炼也同样必不可少。
Although useful, the accessories are by no means essential. 尽管这些配件很有用，但并非必不可少。
the skills essential for success 成功的必备技能 
He believed that some form of religion was essential to human life. 他认为宗教信仰对于人生不可或缺。
The essential difference between Sara and me is in our attitude to money. 我与萨拉的根本区别在于我们对金钱的态度。
The essential character of the town has been destroyed by the new road. 这个城镇的主要特色被这条新公路毁了。
Most authorities agree that play is an essential part of a child's development. 大多数权威人士都同意，玩耍在孩子成长过程中起着非常重要的作用。
the essentials of English grammar 英语语法基础 
The basic course covers the essentials of setting up your own company. 这一基础课程涵盖了自己开公司的关键要点。
You need to learn the essentials of HTML. 你要学会超文本标记语言的要点。
Just try and grasp the essentials of the argument. 只要试着抓住论据的要点即可。
Don't let's worry about the details at this stage. Let's concentrate on the essentials. 在这个阶段不要考虑细节，让我们把精力集中在最重要的事情上。
the essentials of everyday life, such as eating and exercise 饮食、锻炼等日常生活的要素 
This has stripped the contest down to its essentials. 这就使比赛精简到最基本的环节。

vt. ~ sth (to sb) 给出关于某事（尤指先前的秘密之事）的信息:
vt. [正式] 使隐藏的事物被人看到:
disclose |[dɪsˈkləʊz;美-ˈkloʊz]
to disclose financial information 披露财务信息 
Neither side would disclose details of the transaction. 双方均不肯披露交易细节。
He had not fully disclosed all his business dealings. 他并未完全透露他的所有商业交易。
She was accused of disclosing confidential material to a competitor. 她被指控向竞争对手泄露机密。
The spokesman refused to disclose details of the takeover to the press. 发言人拒绝向新闻界透露公司收购的详细情况。
The company disclosed that he will retire in May. 公司透露他将在5月退休。
The report discloses that human error was to blame for the accident. 报告披露这次事故是人为原因造成的。
It was disclosed that two women were being interviewed by the police. 据透露，两名妇女当时正在接受警方讯问。
prosecution material not previously disclosed to the accused 之前未向被告透露的起诉材料 
The door swung open, disclosing a long dark passage. 门开了，露出一条昏暗的长通道。

vt. ~ sb (for/as sth) 为一个重要职位或奖项正式推荐某人，即提名:
vt. ~ sb (to/as sth) 选定某人去做某项工作，即任命，指派:
vt. ~ sth (as sth) 为某事选定一个时间、日期、名称等:
vt. ~ sb (for/as sth) 为一个重要职位推荐某人，即提名:
nominate |[ˈnɒmɪneɪt;美ˈnɑ:m-]
Under party rules each candidate has to be nominated by 55 Labour MPs. 根据党章，每个候选人必须得到55名工党下院议员的提名。
He has now been formally nominated as presidential candidate. 他现已被正式提名为总统候选人。
She has been nominated for the presidency. 她已经获得了董事长职位的提名。
She was nominated for a special award. 她获得这项特殊奖的提名。
He was nominated (as) best actor. 他获得了最佳男演员的提名。
a campaign to nominate the twice World Champion as Sports Personality of the Year 提名那位两届世界冠军获得者为年度体育人物的拉票活动 
Ten critics were asked to nominate their Book of the Year. 十位评论家获邀提名年度最佳图书。
Practically every movie he made was nominated for an Oscar. 他执导的影片几乎每部都获得过奥斯卡奖提名。
Voters will choose fifty of the seventy-five deputies. The Emir will nominate the rest. 选民将选出75名代表中的50名，其余代表由埃米尔任命。
He has been nominated to the committee. 他被任命为委员会委员。
She was nominated to speak on our behalf. 她被指派代表我们发言。
1 December has been nominated as the day of the election. 12月1日被指定为选举日。
Under party rules each candidate has to be nominated by 55 Labour MPs. 根据党章，每个候选人必须得到55名工党下院议员的提名。
He has now been formally nominated as presidential candidate. 他现已被正式提名为总统候选人。

n. 1 [C, U] 危机；（必须解决问题或必须做出决定的）危急关头:
2 [C, U] 最糟糕的时刻:
crisis |[ˈkraɪsɪs]
the worst economic crisis for fifty years 
constitutional, ecological, economic, financial, fiscal, political crisis 宪法危机；生态危机；经济危机；金融危机；财政危机；政治危机 
humanitarian, nuclear, social crisis 人道主义危机；核危机；社会危机 
budget, cash, currency, debt, liquidity crisis 预算危机；现金危机；货币危机；债务危机；流动性危机 
energy, oil, health, hostage, immigration, refugee crisis 能源危机；石油危机；健康危机；人质危机；移民危机；难民危机 
family, personal crisis 家庭危机；个人危机 
identity crisis 身份认同危机 
He's having a mid-life crisis. 他正面临中年危机。
to ease the town's housing crisis 缓解该镇的住房危机 
the growing crisis in education 教育行业愈发严重的危机 
a crisis over pensions 养老金危机 
The company is suffering a severe crisis of confidence. 该公司正遭遇严重的信任危机。
The British coal industry is facing a serious crisis. 英国的煤炭行业正面临着严重危机。
As soon as the crisis was over, she relaxed. 危机一结束，她就放松下来了。
The business is still in crisis but it has survived the worst of the recession. 这家公司虽然仍处于危机之中，但已经挺过了经济衰退最严重的日子。
crisis point 危机关头 
crisis situation 危急局面 
crisis intervention, crisis management 危机干预；危机管理 
In times of crisis it's good to have someone you can rely on for advice. 在危机时刻，有个可以依靠的人提提建议真好。
Their marriage has reached crisis point. 他们的婚姻已到了危机的地步。
The fever has passed its crisis. 发烧已过危险期。

~ (that…) 表明；标示；显示；象征:
indication |[ˌɪndɪˈkeɪʃn]
There are clear indications that the economy is improving. 有明显的迹象显示经济已开始好转。
He shows every indication (= clear signs) of wanting to accept the post. 他显然想接受这个职位。
They gave no indication of how the work should be done. 他们根本没说明这项工作该怎样做。
He gave no indication that he was ready to compromise. 他没有妥协的意思。
All the indications are that the deal will go ahead as planned. 从所有的迹象看，交易将按计划进行。
All the indications are that we are going to receive reasonable support from abroad. 所有迹象都表明，我们将从国外获得有力支持。           

n. [usually sing.] 国家或社会长期形成的历史、传统和特色，如（历史）遗产:
n. [usually sing.] 国家或社会长期形成的历史、传统和特色，如（历史）遗产:
heritage |[ˈherɪtɪdʒ]
The building is part of our national heritage. 这个建筑是我们民族遗产的一部分。
The historic building is as much part of our heritage as the paintings. 这座历史建筑和这些画一样，都是留给我们的文化遗产的一部分。
the rich heritage of Russian folk music 俄罗斯民间音乐的丰富遗产 
natural heritage 自然遗产 
Folk songs are part of our common heritage. 民歌是我们共同遗产的一部分。
ancient heritage 古老的遗产 
architectural, artistic, cultural, historic, historical, industrial, literary, maritime, musical, religious, spiritual heritage 建筑遗产；艺术遗产；文化遗产；历史遗产；史学遗产；工业遗产；文学遗产；海洋遗产；音乐遗产；宗教遗产；精神遗产 
Spain's rich cultural heritage 西班牙丰富的文化遗产 
ethnic, racial heritage 民族遗产；种族传统 
A third of the country's population is of mixed racial heritage. 这个国家三分之一的人口是异族通婚的后代。
African，Jewish heritage 非洲的遗产；犹太人的遗产 
biological, family, genetic heritage 生物遗传；家庭传承；基因遗传 
The city has an exceptionally rich heritage of historic buildings. 这座城市有着非常丰富的古建筑遗产。
the 40 million or so Americans who claim an Irish heritage 声称具有爱尔兰血统的大约4，000万美国人 
an organization whose aim is to protect our heritage of wild plants 旨在保护我们的野生植物遗产的组织 
I will not abandon my religious heritage. 我不会放弃我的宗教传统。
The performance shows how African Americans celebrate their heritage. 这个表演展示了非洲裔美国人是如何颂扬自己的传统的。
She made a conscious attempt to explore her Jewish heritage. 她有意识地探索自己继承的犹太人传统。
It's a family-run business that traces its heritage back to 1884. 这是个可以追溯到1884年的家族企业。
heritage attraction（英）, heritage building（尤英）, heritage centre/center, heritage museum, heritage park, heritage site 历史名胜；古迹建筑；遗产中心；遗产博物馆；民俗公园；遗产所在地 
heritage trail, heritage walk（英）古迹追寻；古迹徒步观光 
heritage tourism 古迹观光 
heritage industry 遗产产业 
heritage language 继承语 
heritage conservation, heritage preservation（尤美）, heritage protection 遗产保护 
heritage status 遗产地位 
The site has UNESCO World Heritage status. 这个遗址是联合国教科文组织确认的世界文化遗产。
The building is part of our national heritage. 这个建筑是我们民族遗产的一部分。
The historic building is as much part of our heritage as the paintings. 这座历史建筑和这些画一样，都是留给我们的文化遗产的一部分。
the rich heritage of Russian folk music 俄罗斯民间音乐的丰富遗产 
natural heritage 自然遗产 
Folk songs are part of our common heritage. 民歌是我们共同遗产的一部分。
ancient heritage 古老的遗产 
architectural, artistic, cultural, historic, historical, industrial, literary, maritime, musical, religious, spiritual heritage 建筑遗产；艺术遗产；文化遗产；历史遗产；史学遗产；工业遗产；文学遗产；海洋遗产；音乐遗产；宗教遗产；精神遗产 
Spain's rich cultural heritage 西班牙丰富的文化遗产 
ethnic, racial heritage 民族遗产；种族传统 
A third of the country's population is of mixed racial heritage. 这个国家三分之一的人口是异族通婚的后代。
African，Jewish heritage 非洲的遗产；犹太人的遗产 
biological, family, genetic heritage 生物遗传；家庭传承；基因遗传 
The city has an exceptionally rich heritage of historic buildings. 这座城市有着非常丰富的古建筑遗产。
the 40 million or so Americans who claim an Irish heritage 声称具有爱尔兰血统的大约4，000万美国人 
an organization whose aim is to protect our heritage of wild plants 旨在保护我们的野生植物遗产的组织 
I will not abandon my religious heritage. 我不会放弃我的宗教传统。
The performance shows how African Americans celebrate their heritage. 这个表演展示了非洲裔美国人是如何颂扬自己的传统的。
She made a conscious attempt to explore her Jewish heritage. 她有意识地探索自己继承的犹太人传统。
It's a family-run business that traces its heritage back to 1884. 这是个可以追溯到1884年的家族企业。
heritage attraction（英）, heritage building（尤英）, heritage centre/center, heritage museum, heritage park, heritage site 历史名胜；古迹建筑；遗产中心；遗产博物馆；民俗公园；遗产所在地 
heritage trail, heritage walk（英）古迹追寻；古迹徒步观光 
heritage tourism 古迹观光 
heritage industry 遗产产业 
heritage language 继承语 
heritage conservation, heritage preservation（尤美）, heritage protection 遗产保护 
heritage status 遗产地位 
The site has UNESCO World Heritage status. 这个遗址是联合国教科文组织确认的世界文化遗产。

n. [U] [英也用fur]（水管、容器等事物上面附着的）水垢:
vt. [正式] 攀登到又高又陡的事物顶端:
vt. [术语] 改变某事物的大小:
vt. 给鱼刮除鳞片:
n. [pl.] [美也用scale] scales指用于称重的工具，如秤、天平:
n. [C]（鱼或爬行动物的）鳞、鳞片:
n. [C] 量具上的刻度:
n. [C]（地图、图表或模型的）比例、比例尺:
a scale of 1:25 000 1:
n. [sing, U] ~ (of sth) 规模、范围、程度、尺寸，尤指与其他事物相比较时的规模、范围、程度、尺寸，且尤指庞大的规模或很深程度:
n. [sing, U] ~ (of sth) 范围，尤指与其他事物相比较时的范围，且尤指大的范围:
n. [U]（牙齿上的）牙垢、牙结石:
vt. 刮除牙结石:
n. [C] 音乐中可指音阶:
n. [sing, U] ~ (of sth) 程度，尤指与其他事物相比较时的程度，且尤指很深的程度:
n. 1 [C] 用于测量的等级:
2 [C, usually sing.]（从最低到最高的）等级体系:
scale |[skeɪl]
the first woman to scale Mount Everest 第一位登上珠穆朗玛峰的女性 
In 1981, five members of a climbing party died while scaling Mount Hood. 1981 年，一支登山队的5名队员在攀登胡德峰时遇难。
The men scaled a wall and climbed down scaffolding on the other side. 那些男人攀上一堵墙然后顺着另一侧的脚手架爬了下去。
He has scaled the heights of his profession.（比喻用法）他登上了他事业的顶峰。
Text can be scaled from 4 points to 108 points without any loss of quality. 正文可以从4点变到108点，但印刷质量丝毫不会降低。
weighing scales（尤英）磅秤；天平 
bathroom scales, kitchen scales 浴室磅秤；厨房用秤 
At birth, she tipped the scales at a healthy 7lb 9oz. 她出生时的体重为7磅9盎司，十分健康。
I had a shock when I stood on the scales. 往磅秤上一战，我吓了一跳。
the scales of justice（比喻用法）法律公正的天平 
At the moment the scales tip in favour of the Russians.（英式用法）目前，形势转而对俄罗斯人有利。
At the moment the scale tips in favour of the Russians.（美式用法）目前，形势转而对俄罗斯人有利。
That last goal has tipped the scale towards/toward the Brazilians. 最后那个进球扭转了局面，形势对巴西队非常有利。
fish scale 鱼鳞 
overlapping scale 交叠的鳞片 
armoured/armored scale 甲鳞
How much does it read on the scale? 刻度显示的是多少？
The map has a scale of one centimetre to the kilometre. 这幅地图的比例是一厘米代表一千米。
The map, on a scale of 1:10,000, shows over 5,000 individual paths. 该地图以 1:10,000 的比例尺显示了 5,000 多条不同道路。
a scale drawing 按比例缩放的图画 
Is this diagram to scale (= are all its parts the same size and shape in relation to each other as they are in the thing represented)? 这个示意图是按比例画的吗？
Both plans are drawn to the same scale. 两张平面图是按同一比例绘制的。
The plan of the building is not drawn to scale. 大楼的平面图画得不合比例。
He's made a scale model of the Eiffel Tower. 他按比例做了一个埃菲尔铁塔模型。
Franklin made his mother an intricately detailed scale model of the house. 富兰克林为他的母亲制作了一个复杂精细的房屋模型。
to achieve economies of scale in production (= to produce many items so the cost of producing each one is reduced) 实现规模生产 
Economies of scale enable the larger companies to lower their prices. 规模经济使得大公司可以降低产品价格。
The dolls are now produced on a commercial scale. 这种玩具娃娃现已投入规模化生产。
They plan to expand the scale and scope of their operations. 他们打算扩大经营规模和范围。
the scale of the project 项目的规模 
the scale of the task 任务的规模 
pollution on a massive scale 大范围的污染 
On a global scale, 77% of energy is created from fossil fuels. 全球77%的能量产生自化石燃料。
Here was corruption on a grand scale. 这里的腐败现象曾十分严重。
It was impossible to comprehend the full scale of the disaster. 这场灾难的严重程度是无法充分认识的。
It is difficult to comprehend the sheer scale of the suffering caused by the war. 人们很难理解战争造成的苦难有多严重。
It was not until morning that the sheer scale of the damage could be seen (= how great it was). 直到早晨才看清了损害的严重程度。
the scale of destruction 破坏的严重程度 
However, he underestimates the scale of the problem. 然而，他低估了问题的严重性。
They entertain on a large scale (= they hold expensive parties with a lot of guests). 他们大宴宾客。
Do they always entertain on such a lavish scale? 他们经常这样大摆筵席吗？
a misuse of presidential power on an unprecedented scale 总统权力程度空前的滥用 
Given the scale of the change, it is essential that all managers familiarize themselves with the details. 考虑到变动幅度之大，每一位主管都有必要熟悉这些细节。
It was several days before the full scale of the accident became clear. 事故的全部情况直到几天以后才搞清楚。
The final building is realized on a human scale. 最终建成的大楼实现了建筑设计的人性化。
The city would operate on a more human scale if cars were banned from the centre. 如果禁止车辆进入市中心，这座城市的运行将更加人性化。
You may feel dwarfed by the sheer scale of the place. 看到此处气势如此恢宏，你可能会觉得自己很渺小。
The paintings are small in scale. 这些画尺寸较小。
pollution on a massive scale 大范围的污染 
On a global scale, 77% of energy is created from fossil fuels. 全球77%的能量产生自化石燃料。           
The dentist scaled and polished my teeth. 牙医为我刮除牙石，抛光了牙齿。
the scale of C major C大调音阶 
to practise scales on the piano 在钢琴上练习音阶          
Here was corruption on a grand scale. 这里的腐败现象曾十分严重。
It was impossible to comprehend the full scale of the disaster. 这场灾难的严重程度是无法充分认识的。
It is difficult to comprehend the sheer scale of the suffering caused by the war. 人们很难理解战争造成的苦难有多严重。
It was not until morning that the sheer scale of the damage could be seen (= how great it was). 直到早晨才看清了损害的严重程度。
the scale of destruction 破坏的严重程度 
However, he underestimates the scale of the problem. 然而，他低估了问题的严重性。
salary, wage（尤英）scale 薪资等级 
The company has a five-point pay scale. 这家公司的工资分为五个等级。
those on the high end of the pay scale 工资级别最高的人 
After 10 years, she had worked her way to the top of the pay scale. 10年后，她已拿到了最高级别的薪水。
Benefits are paid on a sliding scale according to family income. 补助金的发放根据家庭收入而定，数额不等。
A Registered Osteopath will be pleased to tell you his scale of fees before you decide on a consultation. 在病人决定是否就诊之前，注册整骨医师会很乐意告知其收费标准。
to evaluate performance on a scale from 1 to 10 按1到10级来评估业绩 
On a scale of 1 to 10, he scores 7. 按从1到10的计分标准评定，他得到7分。
The patient rates the therapies on a scale of zero to ten. 患者按十分制给这些治疗方法打分。
Patients were asked to state their level of anxiety on a 10-point rating scale. 患者被要求用十分制打分标准给出各自焦虑程度的分值。
Can you give me any sort of time scale for the completion of the building work? 你能不能告诉我这个建筑工程的完工进度？
Beaufort scale 蒲福风级 
The earthquake measured 6.4 on the Richter scale. 地震强度为里氏6.4级。
the social scale 社会等级体系 
He has risen up the social scale from rather humble beginnings. 他从低位卑微的无名小卒开始打拼，获得了现今的社会地位。
At the other end of the scale, life is a constant struggle to get enough to eat. 对于处在社会最底层的人来说，生活就是为吃饱肚子而不断挣扎的过程。
a scale ranging from ‘utterly miserable’ to ‘deliriously happy’ 从“悲惨之王”到“快乐如痴”的不同程度 
Where do birds come on the evolutionary scale? 在进化等级中，鸟类处于什么位置？

adj.（一个人）招人喜欢的:
adj. ~ (to/towards sb)（对受伤者或悲伤者）有同情心的、表示同情的:
adj. ~ (to/towards sb/sth) 对某人或某事表示赞同或支持的:
sympathetic |[ˌsɪmpəˈθetɪk]
a sympathetic character in a novel 小说中一个讨人喜欢的人物 
She sounds a most sympathetic character. 她听起来是个很招人喜欢的人物。
I don't find her a very sympathetic person. 我觉得她并不十分招人喜欢。
I found the doctors very sympathetic. 我发觉医生都很有同情心。
Her aggressive attitude makes me less sympathetic to her plight. 她凶恶的态度使我不再那么同情她的困境。
The character's faults actually make him more sympathetic. 这个人物的缺点实则让他更具同情心。
a patient and deeply sympathetic man 一位有耐心且很有同情心的人 
He'd written a not entirely sympathetic article in the 'Globe'. 他在《环球》杂志上发表了一篇不太有同情心的文章。
Her attitude to my situation was less than sympathetic. 她对我的处境并不同情。
My boss is being very sympathetic about my problems.我的老板对我遇到的问题表示非常体谅。
a sympathetic listener 体恤别人的听者 
I did not feel at all sympathetic towards Kate. 我对凯特一点也不同情。
I'm here if you need a sympathetic ear (= sb to talk to about your problems). 要是你想诉诉苦，那就跟我说吧。
She was very sympathetic to the problems of adult students. 她对成年学生的问题深表同情。
It may be that he sees you only as a sympathetic friend. 也许他只是把你当作一个可以倾诉的朋友。
to be sympathetic to the party's aims 赞同该党的目标 
The government is broadly sympathetic to our ideas. 政府大体上赞同我们的想法。
Russian newspapers are largely sympathetic to the president. 俄罗斯报章大都支持总统。
She met people in London who were sympathetic to the Indian freedom struggle. 她在伦敦结识了一些支持印度独立运动的人。
His speeches against corruption may find a sympathetic hearing among some Trinidadians. 他关于反腐反贪的讲话可能会赢得一些特立尼达岛居民的支持。

n. 1 [U, C] ~ (from sth) (into/to sth)（形式、用途、体制或制度的）转变、转换、改变:
2 [U, C] ~ (from sth) (to sth)（宗教或信仰的）改变；皈依；归附:
3 [C] barn/loft ~（尤指为居住而）改建的房屋:
n. [C]（在橄榄球和美式足球中）（持球触地或持球越过对方球门线后的）附加得分:
conversion |[kənˈvɜ:ʃn;美-ˈvɜ:rʒn;-ʃn]
the conversion of farm buildings into family homes 农场建筑物改建为家庭住宅 
the conversion of disused rail lines into cycle routes 将废弃的铁路线改成自行车道 
A loft conversion can add considerably to the value of a house. 将阁楼改造一下就可以使房子的价值大增。
a firm which specializes in house conversions (= turning large houses into several smaller flats/apartments) 专营房屋改建的公司 
A local building company will carry out the conversion of the farm buildings into business units. 当地一家建筑公司将把农场建筑改造成商业用房。
a metric conversion table (= showing how to change metric amounts into or out of another system) 公制换算表 
Consult the conversion table to figure out the weight in kilos. 查查换算表，计算出以千克为单位的重量。
There are no charges for currency conversion. 货币兑换不收费。
data conversion 数据转换 
file conversion（计算机的）文件格式转换 
conversion from analogue/analog to digital data 从模拟数据转换成数字数据 
energy conversion 能量转化 
Cheap solar energy conversion has been the dream of scientists since the 1970s. 自20世纪70年代以来，科学家一直梦想着进行低成本的太阳能转化。
a conversion kit that lets your vehicle run on non-polluting fuel 使车辆依靠无污染燃料运行的转换装备 
the conversion of the Anglo-Saxons by Christian missionaries 基督教传教士使盎格鲁——撒克逊人的信仰改变 
his conversion from Judaism to Christianity 他由犹太教改信基督教 
his conversion to Christianity 他皈依基督教 
It's hard to trust the President's conversion. 总统信仰的改变让人难以相信。
Christian, religious, spiritual conversion 皈依基督教；宗教上的皈依；精神上的皈依 
deathbed conversion 临终的皈依 
the forced conversion of Jews during the Inquisition 宗教法庭对犹太人的强迫皈依 
In the 90s he underwent a religious conversion. 20 世纪90年代，他经历了宗教信仰的转变。
conversion experience 信仰转变的经历 
her overnight conversion to market economics（比喻用法）她突然转到了市场经济学 
The try came in the third minute and Jon Bland added the conversion. 第三分钟，乔恩·布兰德踢定位球又拿到了附加分。

n. 1 [sing.] 心理:
2 [sing.] 心理对某一生活领域所造成的影响，即心理影响:
n. [U] 心理学:
psychology |[saɪ'kɒlədӡɪ]
the psychology of criminals 罪犯心理 
individual psychology 个人的心理 
crowd, group psychology 大众心理；群体心理 
human psychology 人的心理 
clinical psychology 临床心理学 
academic, experimental psychology 理论心理学；实验心理学 
applied psychology 应用心理学 
cognitive psychology 认知心理学

n. [C, U] 西红柿，番茄:
tomato |[tə'mɑ:təu,tə'meitəu]
green, red tomato 青西红柿；红西红柿 
tomato soup 番茄汤

vt. 庆贺或正式纪念你认为重要的一次事件:
n. 1 [C] 人或动物身上有助于人们对其进行识别的一个显著的斑点或颜色区域:
2 [C] 一种品质（或情感）的标志或迹象:
mark B on A 在某事物上写（或画）一个符号、线条等以赋予一定的信息，如做记号、做标记:
2 标明某事物的位置或方位，相当于indicate:
n. [C] 写下或印下的一个符号或记号（该符号或记号是某事物的象征，例如象征着某事物的品质、其制作者或拥有者）:
vt. 标志着某件新的事情将要发生:
vt.＆vi. 在某事物上留下破坏性的标记；或以此种方式而损坏…:
n. [C] 一小片脏物区域（即污点、污渍）、在一个表面上并对其外观造成破坏的一个斑点或切割痕迹:
vt. [正式] mark sb/sth (as sth) 常用被动式，赋予某人或某事物一个特征或性质，相当于characterize:
n. [C] [尤英] 对某人的工作、表现或其给出的答案所给出的一个成绩或分数（可以是一个数字或字母）:
vt.＆vi. [尤英] 给学生的作业打分、评分、打成绩:
n. [C] [正式] 目标、靶子，相当于target:
n. [sing.] [英] Mark后接数词，指燃气烤箱上的某个温度水平的刻度:
n. [C] [正式] 目标、靶子，相当于target:
n. [sing.] Mark后接数词，指一部机器或交通工具的某个型号:
vt. 体育运动的团队比赛中可指与一名对手保持近距离以防止其得到球，即盯防:
n. [sing.] 德国马克（前德国货币单位，2002年为欧元所取代），相当于deutschmark:
n. [C] 文盲在文件上做出的画押（代替签名，因为其不会写自己的名字）:
n. [C] 某事物所达到的一个重要的水平线（或重要的点）:
vt. [旧时] 用于告诉某人注意或留心某事:
mark |[mɑːk][mɑːk]
a ceremony to mark the 50th anniversary of the end of the war 纪念战争结束50周年的庆典
a horse with a white mark on its head 头上有块白斑的马 
Does he have any distinguishing marks? 他有什么明显的特征吗？
Such coolness under pressure is the mark of a champion. 在压力下仍能这样保持冷静，这就是冠军相。
The experience left a deep mark on her memory. 那段经历在她的记忆中留下了深深的烙印。
On the day of the funeral businesses remained closed as a mark of respect. 葬礼那天，各行业都停业以示敬意。
Women are continuing to make their mark in business. 女性继续在商界占据一席之地。
vt. 1 mark A (with B) 
Prices are marked on the goods. 价格标在商品上。
The teacher marked her absent. 老师在她的名字旁做了个缺课的记号。
Certain words were marked as important. 有些词语被当作重点标了出来。
Some of the crates were marked for export. 其中的一些货箱上做了出口标记。
The cross marks the spot where the body was found. 十字记号标明了发现死尸的地点。
The route has been marked in red. 路线用红色标明了。
She carefully marked where the screws were to go. 她仔细地标出螺丝的位置。
All buildings are marked on the map. 所有的建筑都标在地图上。
The boundary was marked with a dotted line. 边界用虚线标示。
punctuation marks 标点符号 
Any piece of silver bearing his mark is extremely valuable. 带有他的印记的每一件银器都极有价值。
I put a mark in the margin to remind me to check the figure. 我在页边做了个记号来提醒我核对一下这个数字。
This speech may mark a change in government policy. 这篇讲话表明政府的政策可能会有变化。
The agreement marks a new phase in international relations. 这一协议标志着国际关系新阶段的到来。
A large purple scar marked his cheek. 他的面颊上有一块大紫疤。
The surfaces are made from a material that doesn’t mark. 这些台面是由不会留下污渍的材料做的。
The town is still deeply marked by the memory of the Depression. 对于大萧条时期的记忆仍在小镇上留有深深的烙印。
chalk, tyre mark 粉笔记号；轮胎印 
a finger mark（通常用fingermark）指印 
bite, burn, claw, scratch, tooth mark 咬痕；烧痕；爪印；抓痕；齿痕 
These greasy marks just won’t come out. 这些油渍就是除不掉。
a life marked by suffering 痛苦的一生 
He was marked as an enemy of the poor. 他被列为穷人的敌人。
a good mark for geography 地理课的好成绩 
full marks 满分 
the top mark 最高分 
pass mark（英）及格分 
total mark 总分 
You get two marks for each correct answer. 每答对一题得两分。
The festival organizers deserve high marks.（比喻用法）节庆组织者值得褒奖。
I hate marking exam papers. 我讨厌阅卷。
I spend at least six hours a week marking. 我每周至少要花六个小时批改作业。
an easy mark 容易击中的目标 
The shot found its mark. 这一枪击中了目标。
Of the blows delivered, barely half found their mark. 仅有不到半数的出拳击中了目标。
Shock tactics often fall wide of their mark. 突袭战术的结果常常与预期目标天差地别。
Preheat the oven to gas Mark 6. 将烤箱预热到6挡。
an easy mark 容易击中的目标 
The shot found its mark. 这一枪击中了目标。
Of the blows delivered, barely half found their mark. 仅有不到半数的出拳击中了目标。
Shock tactics often fall wide of their mark. 突袭战术的结果常常与预期目标天差地别。
the Mark II engine II型发动机
Tom was marking Jerry. 汤姆在盯防杰瑞。
Our defence had him closely marked. 我方后卫已紧紧盯住了他。
We’ve reached the halfway mark in the show. 演出我们已经看到一半了。
tide mark（通常用tidemark）潮标 
high-water mark 高水位线 
to reached the $1 million mark 达到100万美元大关 
by the film’s 30-minute mark 电影演到30分钟时 
Their relationship was approaching the two-year mark. 他们的恋情快有两年之久了。
Unemployment has passed the four million mark. 失业人数已突破四百万大关。
Your grammar is not quite up to the mark. 你的语法还没完全达标。
There’ll be trouble over this, mark my words. 记住我的话，这件事是会有麻烦的。
You mark what I say, John. 约翰，注意听着。
