invaluable				无法估价的
coincidence					巧合，同时发生，相符
sole					脚掌，鞋底，仅有的
submerge				淹没，掩盖
submerge oneself			潜入水中，潜心
illustrate					说明，举例说明
result								结果，成绩，发生
gentle							温柔的，善意的
describe							描述，形容
cargo					货物
apologize				道歉
debate									辩论，考虑
agony					极度痛苦
celebrity				名人，名声
remarkable				出色的，非凡的
legitimate				合法的，合理的
grant								准予，授予，承认，拨款
collection								收集，收取，募捐
avenue						大街，林荫道，途径
respective					各自的
controversy					争论
estimate						估计，评价
coordinate					坐标，协调
coordinates					套装
inspect							检查
symptom						症状，征兆
appropriate				合适的，有关的，占用，播发
considerable						相当大的，著名的
delight							愉快，使高兴
discriminate			区别对待，区别
prepare									准备
\\\\\\\\

~ (in sth) 极有用的；非常宝贵的:
invaluable |[ɪnˈvæljuəbl]
adj. ~ (to/for sb/sth) 
invaluable information 宝贵的信息 
I was able to gain invaluable experience over that year. 在那一年里我有幸获得了非常宝贵的经验。
The research should prove invaluable in the study of linguistics. 该调查研究在语言学研究领域的重要性应该会得到证实。
The book will be invaluable for students in higher education. 这本书对于高校学生将有重大价值。
The research should prove invaluable in the study of children's language. 这项调查对于儿童语言的研究将极有价值。
His knowledge of the area made him invaluable. 该领域的熟悉使他成了无价之宝。
You will find their help absolutely invaluable. 你会发现他们的帮助绝对极为有用。
This technology is invaluable for students with poor sight. 这项技术对视力不好的学生来说极有价值。
Your support has been invaluable to us. 您的支持对我们来说极为宝贵。

n. [sing.] [正式] 同时存在，并存:
n. [sing.] [正式]（两个或多个意见等的）相同，一致:
n. [C, U]（两件或多件相似或相关的事情）偶然地同时发生，即巧合:
coincidence |[kəʊ'ɪnsɪdəns]
the coincidence of inflation and unemployment 通货膨胀与失业的并存
a coincidence of interests between the two partners 两个合伙人之间利益的一致
What a coincidence! I wasn’t expecting to see you here. 真巧！我没料到会在这里见到你。
a series of strange coincidences 一连串奇怪的巧合 
By coincidence, we both went to the same school. 碰巧我们俩上的是同一所学校。

adj.（控制权或所有权）属于一个人或群体的，不与别人共有的。如独占的、专有的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 唯一的、仅有的:
vt. [常用被动式] 给鞋换鞋底:
n. [C] 鞋底:
adj. -soled（构成形容词）有…鞋底:
n. [C] 袜底:
adj. -soled（构成形容词）有…袜底的:
n. [U, C]（复数形式为sole）鳎，鲽鱼，板鱼（是一种扁平的可食用的比目鱼）:
n. [C] 脚掌、脚底:
adj. -soled（构成形容词）有…脚底的:
sole |[səʊl;美soʊl]
She has sole responsibility for the project. 那个项目由她一人负责。
the sole owner 拥有全部产权的物主 
Many women are left as the sole providers in families after their husband has died. 许多女人在丈夫去世之后只好独自供养一家人。
Chief Hart had sole control over that fund. 哈特主任独自掌控那笔资金。
the sole surviving member of the family 那一家唯一在世的成员 
My sole reason for coming here was to see you. 我到这儿唯一的原因就是来看你。
This is the sole means of access to the building. 这是这栋建筑物唯一的入口。
Their sole aim is to destabilize the Indian government. 他们唯一的目的就是要动摇印度政府的统治。
shoes with rubber soles 橡胶底的鞋子 
thick, thin sole 厚鞋底；薄鞋底 
leather, rubber sole 皮革鞋底；橡胶鞋底 
inner sole（鞋的）内底 
the sole of your boot 靴底 
There's a hole in the sole of my shoe. 我的鞋底有个洞。
rubber-soled shoes 胶底鞋
The hot sand burned the soles of their feet. 灼热的沙地使他们的脚掌感到火辣辣的。
He had burned the sole of his foot. 他的一只脚脚底被灼伤了。

vt. ~ yourself in 专心沉浸于某项活动（而不想别的事）:
vt. 完全掩盖或湮没思想、感情、观点等:
vt.&vi.（使）没入水或其它液体的表面之下:
submerge |[səbˈmɜ:dʒ;美-ˈmɜ:rdʒ]
He submerges himself in the world of his imagination. 他沉浸在自己想象的世界中。           
Doubts that had been submerged in her mind suddenly resurfaced. 她心里早已湮灭的疑团突然又浮现出来。
The submarine had had time to submerge before the warship could approach. 潜水艇没等军舰靠近就及时潜入水下了。
Hippos are unable to submerge in the few remaining water holes. 在仅剩的几个水坑里，河马根本无法没入水中。
The river burst its banks, submerging an entire village. 河水决堤，淹没了整个村庄。
The fields had been submerged by floodwater. 农田被洪水淹没了。

vt. 表明某事是真实的，或表明一种情况存在:
vt. 用示例、图片等使…的意思更清晰，即解释、说明:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sth (with sth) 给书籍等加图片或图表，即加插图:
illustrate |[ˈɪləstreɪt]
The incident illustrates the need for better security measures. 这次事件说明了加强安全措施的必要。
The case tragically illustrates the dangers of fireworks. 这起案件悲剧性地说明了烟花爆竹的危险性。
The example of the United States illustrates this point. 美国的例子证明了这一点。
This change is neatly illustrated by what has happened to the Arab League. 这种变化鲜明地体现在阿拉伯联盟所发生的事件上。
The dire consequences of chronic underfunding are nowhere better illustrated than in the nation's schools. 长期资金匮乏所造成的严重后果，在该国的中小学表现得最明显不过了。
His question merely illustrates his ignorance of the subject. 他提出的问题仅仅说明了他对这个学科的无知。
To illustrate my point, let me tell you a little story. 为了说明我的观点，让我来给你们讲个小故事。
Last year's sales figures are illustrated in Figure 2. 图2显示了去年的销售数字。
What she attempts to illustrate is the difference between her company and her competitors. 她试图说明的是她的公司与其竞争者之间的差别。
He is showing these silent films to help illustrate his story of survival. 他正在放映这些无声电影，用以更好地说明他劫后余生的过程。
Throughout, she illustrates her analysis with excerpts from discussions. 自始至终，她摘引讨论内容来阐明她的分析。
a way of illustrating to the chairman the folly of his decision 向主席表明其决定有多么愚蠢的一个方法          
to illustrate a book 给一本书加插图 
an illustrated textbook 有插图的课本 
a collection of photographically illustrated magazines 一批插配照片的杂志 
Most items are illustrated by a photograph. 多数物件都配有一张示例照片。
The new edition is heavily illustrated with photographs of aircraft. 新版本中配有大量飞机插图。
His lecture was illustrated with slides taken during the expedition. 他在讲演中使用了探险时拍摄到的幻灯片。

n. [C, usually pl.] [英] 考试的成绩或得分:
n. [C, usually sing.] [英，非正式]（尤指足球比赛的）胜利:
n. [pl.] results成功达成的事，即成果，成效:
vi. 1 result in sth 导致:
2 result (from sth) 因（已首先发生的某事）而发生:
n. 1 [C, U] result (of sth) 由某事所引起或产生的结果或后果。是“结果”的基础和常规用词，最为常用，词义范围也最广:
2 [C] result (of sth) 比赛或选举等的结果，通常用复数:
3 [C] result (of sth) 科学实验或研究、医疗检查或调查所得出的结果:
result |[rɪ'zʌlt]
exam, test result 考试成绩；测试成绩 
degree result 学位成绩 
IELTS result 雅思考试成绩
We badly need to get a result from this match. 这场比赛我们非赢不可。
The project is beginning to show results. 这项工程开始显出成效。
a coach who knows how to get results from his players 善于调动队员获取成功的教练 
We have yet to see any concrete results from the research. 我们还没看到这一研究的具体成果。
When it all your effort going to show some results? 你的努力什么时候才会开始见成效？
This move will inevitably result in the loss of a lot of jobs. 这一举措将不可避免地导致许多人失业。
The charges could have potentially resulted in a death sentence. 这些指控本来可能会导致判处死刑。
job losses resulting from changes in production 生产革新造成的失业 
When water levels rise, flooding results. 水位上升，就会发生洪水。
the resulting damage 造成的破坏
The failure of the company was a direct result of bad management. 公司倒闭的直接原因是经营不善。
He made one big mistake, and, as a result, lost his job. 他犯了个大错，结果丢了工作。
financial result 财务业绩 
the first page of search results 第一页搜索结果 
They will announce the result of the vote tonight. 今晚他们将宣布投票结果。
the football results 足球比赛的结果 
election, poll result 选举结果；民意调查结 
experimental, research, study result 实验结果；研究结果 
clinical, test, X-ray result 临床结果；检验结果；X光检查结果 
survey, statistical result 调查结果；统计结果 
This book is the result of 25 years of research. 这本书是25年研究的结晶。

adj. 安静且善良的；做起事来安静而细心的:
adj. 1（天气、温度、时期等）不强烈或非极端的，如温和的:
2 只有很弱的效果的；不强烈或不激烈的。如柔和的，平和的:
3 不陡峭的，或不尖利的，可称为平缓的:
gentle |['dӡentl]
a quiet and gentle man 温文尔雅的男士 
gentle voice, gentle laugh, gentle touch 温柔的声音；温柔的笑声；温柔的触摸 
She was very gentle with the children. 她对孩子们很温柔。
a little gentle persuasion 一阵细心劝说
gentle breeze 和风 
the gentle swell of the sea 缓慢起伏的海浪 
Cook over a gentle heat. 要用文火煮。
He lived in a gentler age than ours. 他生活的时代比我们这个时代更平静祥和。
We went for a gentle stroll. 我们溜达去了。
a little gentle exercise 少量较平和的运动 
This soap is very gentle on the hands. 这肥皂擦在手上非常柔和。
The new treatments are gentle on your hair. 这些新的护理方法不伤头发。
gentle slope, gentle curve, gentle angle 平缓的斜坡；平缓的弯道；平缓的角度

vt. 把…说成是…；把…称为…:
vt. [正式或术语] 做（形成某种形状的）运动；形成…的形状:
describe sb/sth (as sth) 描述人、物体、事件、情况等（说其像什么或发生了什么）。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
describe |[dɪs'kraɪb]
He described it as an extraordinarily tangled and complicated tale. 他把它讲成了一个格外错综复杂的故事。
He was described by his allies as forceful, aggressive, and determined. 他的盟友说他强势、好斗且果决。
The shark described a circle around the shoal of fish. 这条鲨鱼围绕着鱼群游动。
vt. describe sb/sth (to/for sb) 
The poem describes his life in the village. 这首诗描述了他在那个村庄的生活。
Can you describe her to me? 你能给我描述一下她吗？
to describe the process 描述该过程 
He described briefly what happened. 他简要地描述了事情的经过。

n. [C, U]（船或飞机运载的）货物:
cargo |[ˈkɑ:gəʊ;美ˈkɑ:rgoʊ]
The tanker began to spill its cargo of oil. 油轮已开始漏油。
The boat calls at the main port to load its regular cargo of bananas. 船停靠这个主要港口以装载其常规货物——香蕉。
a precious cargo of antiques 一批珍贵的古董 
The terrorists parked the van with its deadly cargo in a dark alleyway. 恐怖分子把装有致命货物的货车停在了一条黑暗的胡同里。
dry cargo, such as fruit 干货，例如水果 
human cargo 被贩运的人 
The boats discharged their human cargo a little way from the shore. 那些船在快靠岸的地方把贩运的人卸了下来。
military cargo（尤美）军用货物 
the packaging and transporting of military cargo 军用货物的包装和运输 
The ship stopped to take on a cargo of fruit. 轮船停下来装载水果。
The port handles cargo from all over Europe. 该港口处理从欧洲各地运来的货物。
cargo aircraft, cargo boat（尤英）, cargo carrier, cargo hauler（美）, cargo plane, cargo ship, cargo truck（尤美）, cargo vessel 货机；货船；货运公司；货轮；货车 
cargo bay, cargo hold 货仓 
The satellite was stowed in the shuttle's cargo bay for return to Earth. 这颗卫星被收藏在航天飞机的货舱以返回地球。
He was found hiding in the cargo hold of a plane. 他被发现藏在飞机的货舱里。
cargo compartment, cargo container 货舱；货物集装箱 
cargo handler, cargo handling 理货员；货物处理 
cargo capacity（尤美）载货能力           

vi. apologize (to sb) (for sth) 就自己所做错的事或造成的麻烦向对方道歉、谢罪:
apologize |[ə'pɒlədӡaɪz]
Why should I apologize? 我为什么要道歉？
Go and apologize to her. 去给她赔不是。
We apologize for the late departure of this flight. 本次航班起飞延误，谨致歉意。

n. 1 [C, U]（在公共集会或议会上就某问题进行的）正式讨论，辩论（在辩论中，两人或多人就某问题发表相反的观点，然后常以对该问题进行表决的形式结束）:
2 [C, U]（各自发表不同意见的）争论；讨论；辩论:
vt.＆vi.（在做出决定或找到解决方案前）对某事进行讨论（尤指正式讨论），有时可译为辩论，类似于discuss:
vi. debate (with yourself)（对某事进行决策前）仔细考虑:
debate |[dɪ'beɪt]
a debate on abortion 关于堕胎的辩论 
televised debate 电视直播的辩论 
congressional, legislative, presidential debate 国会辩论；立法辩论；总统辩论 
policy debate 政策辩论 
The union holds debates for students. 协会举办了学生辩论会。
There has been heated debate about whether the movie should be allowed. 关于是否准许放映这部影片一直激辩不休。
The nature of this book is to provoke reasoned debate. 本书旨在引发理性的讨论。
philosophical debate 哲学辩论 
academic, scholarly debate 学术辩论；学问上的辩论 
a presidential candidate debating with his opponent 与对手辩论的总统候选人 
Politicians will be debating the bill later this week. 政界将在本周晚些时候讨论这个议案。
The question of the origin of the universe is still hotly debated by scientists. 关于宇宙起源问题，科学家们仍进行着激烈辩论。
The report has been widely debated in the industry. 这份报告在行业内得到广泛讨论。
He sat there debating with himself what to do. 他坐在那儿左思右想该怎么办。
We’re debating whether or not to go skiing this winter. 我们盘算着今年冬天是否去滑雪。

n. [U, C] 精神上的极度痛苦:
n. [U, C] 肉体上的极度痛苦:
agony |[ˈægəni]
mental agony 精神上的痛苦 
It was agony not knowing where the children were. 孩子们下落不明真让人揪心。
She waited in an agony of suspense. 她提心吊胆地等待。
The worst agonies of the war were now beginning. 战争最深重的苦难现在开始了。
Don't prolong the agony--just tell me the result! 别再让我着急了——快告诉我结果吧！
He endured agonies of loneliness. 他忍受着寂寞的痛苦。
They went through agony in the search for their missing relatives. 他们在寻找失散亲人的过程中经历了极大的痛苦。
She was causing David a great deal of agony. 她让戴维饱受痛苦。
She mumbled an apology in an agony of embarrassment. 她极为尴尬地咕哝着道了歉。                  
physical agony 肉体上的痛苦 
She called out in agony. 她疼得叫出声来。
His face was contorted in agony as he tried to lift himself out of the chair. 他试图从椅子上站起来，痛得脸都变了形。
Jack collapsed in agony on the floor. 杰克十分痛苦地瘫倒在地板上。
The soldier died in agony. 这个士兵痛苦地死去。
A new machine may save thousands of animals from the agony of drug tests. 一种新型机器也许可以将成千上万的动物从药物试验的痛苦中解脱出来。
The little creature squirmed in its death agonies. 这个小生命快要死了，正痛苦地扭动着身体。

n. 1 [C]（也可用非正式的celeb）（尤指娱乐界的）名人、名流、明星:
2 [U]（尤指娱乐界的）成名的状态，著名:
celebrity |[səˈlebrəti]
A host of A-list celebrities turned out for the wedding. 众多大腕明星出现在婚礼上。
He became a minor celebrity among Manhattan's cultural elite. 他成了曼哈顿文化精英中小有名气的人。
instant, overnight celebrity 迅速成名的人；一夜之间成名的人 
guest, visiting celebrity 特邀名人；作客名人 
media, sporting（英）, sports（美）, television celebrity 媒体名人；体育名人；电视名人 
Tonight's show features a host of celebrities. 今晚的演出有许多名人出场。
The show's success made her an overnight celebrity. 这一节目的成功让她一夜成名。
In 1944, at the age of 30, Hersey suddenly became a celebrity. 1944年，30岁的赫西一夜成名。
He became something of a celebrity in his home town. 他成为家乡一位小有名气的人。
celebrity profile, celebrity status 名人简介；名人地位 
celebrity chef, celebrity hairstylist, celebrity stylist 名厨；著名发型师；时尚达人 
celebrity magazine, celebrity website 名人杂志；名人网站 
celebrity gossip名人八卦 
celebrity client, celebrity guest名人客户；名人嘉宾 
celebrity couple 名人夫妻 
celebrity culture 名人文化 
celebrity endorsement 名人代言 
Does he find his new celebrity intruding on his private life? 他是否感觉到他最近的成名侵扰了他的私生活？
Joanna has finally made it to the first rank of celebrity after 25 years as an actress. 乔安娜当了25年演员后，终于跻身一线女明星之列。

~ (that…) 非凡的、引人注目的:
remarkable |[rɪˈmɑ:kəbl;美-ˈmɑ:rk-]
adj. ~ (for sth) 
It was a remarkable achievement. 那是一项非凡的成就。
remarkable career, remarkable talent 非凡的事业；非凡的才能 
She was a truly remarkable woman. 她是一位真正非同凡响的女人。
The area is remarkable for its scenery. 这一地区以其优美的景色而引人瞩目。
It is remarkable that nobody noticed sooner. 竟然没有人早点发现，真有意思。
He was a remarkable man. 他是个不同寻常的人。
What they have achieved is just remarkable.（just尤为美式用法）他们取得的成就真的不同凡响。
a most remarkable musician 卓尔不群的音乐家 
a truly remarkable discovery 十分了不起的发现 
Equally remarkable is the transformation he has undergone personally. 他本人的变化也同样惊人。
These cars are remarkable for the quietness of their engines. 这些汽车因发动机没有噪声而不同凡响。

adj. 有正当和可接受的理由的，即正当的、合理的:
adj. 1 合法的:
2（小孩）合法婚姻所生的:
vt. 使…合法化，相当于legitimize:
legitimate |[lɪˈdʒɪtɪmət]
a legitimate grievance 合乎情理的抱怨 
It seemed a perfectly legitimate question. 这似乎是完全合乎情理的问题。
Politicians are legitimate targets for satire. 政客理所当然是讽刺的对象。
That's a perfectly legitimate fear. 怀有这种恐惧完全在情理之中。
The New York Times has a legitimate claim to be a national newspaper.《纽约时报》有理由称自己是一份全国性报纸。          
the legitimate government of the country 该国的合法政府 
Is his business strictly legitimate? 他的生意是否绝对合法？
The government will not seek to disrupt the legitimate business activities of the defendant. 政府无意干扰被告的合法经营活动。
We only married in order that the child should be legitimate. 我们结婚纯粹是为了给孩子一个合法身份。
We want to legitimate this process by passing a law. 我们希望通过立法来使这一程序合法化。           

vt.（虽然不喜欢或不同意，但）勉强承认某事是真的:
vt.（虽然不喜欢或不同意，但）勉强同意某事是真的:
~ (sb) sth 同意某人的要求，尤指正式地或法律上同意，准予，允许某人的要求。不过grant此时常含有“给予”的色彩，即同意给予:
n. [C] ~ (to do sth) 政府或机构划拨下来的一笔有特定用途的钱款，即拨款:
grant |[grɑ:nt;美grænt]
I grant you (that) it looks good, but it's not exactly practical. 我承认你说的，它好看，可并不实用。
She's a smart woman, I grant you, but she's no genius. 我同意你的观点，她是一个很聪明的女人，但绝不是天才。
The bank finally granted me a £500 loan. 银行终于同意给我贷款500英镑。
My request was granted. 我的请求得到批准。
I was granted permission to visit the palace. 我获准参观宫殿。
She was granted a divorce. 她获准离婚。
France has agreed to grant him political asylum. 法国已经同意给予他政治避难。
It was a Labour government which granted independence to India and Pakistan. 是工党政府同意了印度和巴基斯坦的独立。
the rights expressly granted by the terms of the lease 租约条款明确赋予的权利 
Planning permission was finally granted in October. 规划终于在十月得到了批准。
Permission is hereby granted to reproduce this material. 特此准许复制该材料。
The judge refused to grant him bail. 法官拒绝他保释。
The magistrates granted that the charity was justified in bringing the action. 地方法官认为该慈善机构有理由提起诉讼。
student grants (= to pay for their education) 学生助学金 
He has been awarded a research grant. 他得到一笔研究经费。
They'd got a special grant to encourage research. 他们得到一笔用以鼓励科研的特别经费。
Unfortunately, my application for a grant was rejected. 很遗憾，我的助学金申请被拒绝了。
The school has received a large capital grant to improve its buildings. 学校收到一大笔拨款用以改造校舍。
maintenance grant（英）生活补助金 
emergency grants for special needs for items such as clothing 为衣物之类物品的特别需求而紧急调拨的款项 
discretionary grant 可自由支配的补助 
project grant 项目补助 
You may be eligible for a clothing grant. 你可能有资格申请服装补助。
You can get a grant if you've lived in the area for three years. 在这一地区居住满三年，就可以得到一笔补助金。
The government has awarded a 3.5 million pound grant for the restoration of the opera house. 政府已拨款350万英镑来修缮歌剧院。
The theatre's annual grant from the Arts Council has been cut. 该剧院从艺术委员会得到的年度补助被削减了。
The program offers grants to small businesses. 该计划为小企业提供资助。

n. [C, U] 从一个地方将某东西取走的行为（如取走、拿走）；把一些事物带到一个地方的行为（如收集）:
n. [C] 被收集起来的一组物品（常指同类事物）:
n. [C]（常为一个特定的季节而设计、制作并推向市场销售的）一系列新时装:
n. [C] 一组物品或一群人:
n. [C] 音乐作品集:
n. [C] 诗歌（或故事、音乐作品）的作品集（可以是一本书或一张光盘）:
n. [C] 诗歌（或故事）的作品集:
n. [C] 为慈善之目的（或在做礼拜时）募捐，募款；也可指募集到的钱款:
n. [C]（常为一个特定的季节而设计、制造并推向市场的）一系列新家居用品:
collection |[kə'lekʃn]
data, intelligence collection 数据收集；情报收集 
debt, rent, tax collection 收债；收租；收税 
Your car is awaiting collection. 你的车子等你来取。
a refuse collection service 垃圾收集服务 
Your suit will be ready for collection on Tuesday. 你的西服可在星期二领取。
antiques, art, book, coin, music collection 古董收藏；艺术品收藏；书籍收藏；硬币收藏；音乐收藏 
family, personal collection 家庭收藏品；个人收藏品 
archival, archive, library, museum collection 档案馆收藏品；图书馆收藏品；博物馆收藏品 
The painting comes from his private collection. 这幅画来自他的私人收藏。
spring collection 春季时装系列 
ready-to-wear collection 成衣系列 
the first designer to unveil his collection for the spring season 第一位发布春季时装系列的设计师
a collection of books 一堆书 
a collection of runners 一批赛跑选手
The band has just released a collection of their greatest hits. 这支乐队刚刚推出了自己的金曲专辑。
a collection of stories by women writers 一部女作家小说集 
a collection of scholarly essays 学术论文集 
The band has just released a collection of their greatest hits. 这支乐队刚刚推出了自己的金曲专辑。
a collection of stories by women writers 女作家小说集 
a collection of scholarly essays 学术论文集
house-to-house, street（均英）collection 挨家挨户的募捐；街头募捐 
charity, church collection 慈善募捐；教堂募捐 
to have a collection for charity 进行慈善募捐 
total collection 募捐总额

n. [C] 达成某事的一种选择、途径、手段:
n. [C] 达成某事的一种选择、途径、手段:
n. 1 [C] 城镇的大街:
2 [C] [英] 一条宽且直的，同时两边有树的街道，即林荫道，且尤指通往一所大宅的林荫道:
avenue |['ævənju:]
the only avenue to success 通往成功的唯一途径（或不二法门）
to provide a new avenue for research 为研究提供一条新途径 
the two main avenues of enquiry（英）两种主要的查询途径 
We will need to seek other avenues of growth. 我们需要寻求其他的增长途径。
the only avenue to success 通往成功的唯一途径（或不二法门）
to provide a new avenue for research 为研究提供一条新途径 
the two main avenues of enquiry（英）两种主要的查询途径 
We will need to seek other avenues of growth. 我们需要寻求其他的增长途径。
broad, wide avenue 宽阔的街道 
leafy（尤英）, tree-lined avenue 林荫路 
an avenue lined with elms 榆树成行的大街 
in an avenue（英）在大街上 
an office building on Fifth Avenue（美）第五大道上的一座办公大楼 

belonging or relating separately to each of two or more people or things:分别属于或涉及两个或两个以上的人或事物中的每一个
respective |rɪˈspɛktɪv| Adjective/:各自,各自的,分别
they chatted about their respective childhoods:他们聊起了各自的童年

n. [U, C] ~ (over/about/surrounding sb/sth) 很多人就某件有很大争议的事进行的公开讨论、争论、辩论或论战:
controversy |[ˈkɒntrəvɜ:si;美ˈkɑ:ntrəvɜ:rsi;英也用kənˈtrɒvəsi]
to arouse/cause controversy 引起争论 
a bitter controversy over/about the site of the new airport 有关新机场选址的激烈争论 
the controversy surrounding his latest movie 围绕他最近一部电影的争论 
The President resigned amid considerable controversy. 总统在一片争论声中辞职。
The proposed cuts have caused considerable controversy. 削减开支的提议引起了诸多争议。
a fierce political controversy over human rights abuses 关于侵犯人权问题的激烈的政治辩论 
public controversy 公开的争论 
political, legal, ethical, scientific controversy 政治上的争论；法律上的争论；道德上的争论；科学上的争论 
religious, theological controversy 宗教上的争论；神学上的争论 
academic controversy 学术争论 
What they are doing is bound to stir up controversy. 他们正在做的事情势必激起争论。
This year's championships have been marked by controversy. 今年的各个锦标赛都存在争议。
to resolve the controversy 解决争议 
The network ran into controversy over claims of faked documentary footage. 由于有人指责纪录片不实，电视网陷入了一场争论。
A fierce controversy has broken out over the issue. 这件事已引发了一场激烈的争论。
Controversy is raging over the route of the new road. 关于新公路路线的争论十分激烈。
Controversy exists as to how safe these drugs are. 这些药物的安全程度存在争议。
The controversy centred on the issue of compensation for the victims. 争论集中在对受害人的赔偿问题上。
Much controversy surrounds the new exam. 围绕着新的考试有很多争议。
controversy among historians 历史学家之间的争论 
the bitter controversy surrounding the introduction of the new regulations 围绕着新规则实施的激烈争论 
her long-running controversy with fellow academics 她与学术同行的长期争论 
a subject of controversy 引起争论的话题 
The book raised a storm of controversy. 这本书引起了一场争议的风波。

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sth (at sth) 估计、估算（成本、尺寸、价值等）:
n. 1 [C]（对数量、成本等的）估计、估价、估算:
2 [C]（基于现有证据而对一个人或一种情况进行的）评价、评估、判断:
3 [C]（让员工提交的）估算单、预算书（是对项目成本的估算）:
estimate |[ˈestɪmət]
The satellite will cost an estimated £400 million. 这颗卫星估计要耗资4亿英镑。
Police estimate the crowd at 30 000. 警方估计聚集的人有3万。
The deal is estimated to be worth around $1.5 million. 这笔交易估计价值150万元左右。
We estimated (that) it would cost about €5 000. 我们估计要花费大约 5 000 欧元。
It is estimated (that) the project will last four years. 据估计，这项工程将持续四年。
It is hard to estimate how many children suffer from dyslexia. 很难估计有多少孩子有诵读困难。
how to roughly estimate your caloric intake 如何粗略估算热量摄入 
It is conservatively estimated that not less than half a million people died in the famine. 据保守估计，死于这场饥荒的人数不下五十万。
This made it possible to estimate the effect of workplace ventilation. 这样就能够估计工作场所的通风效果。
The results of the survey were used to estimate the preferences of the population at large. 调查结果已用于估计公众的大致喜好。
I can give you a rough estimate of the amount of wood you will need. 我可以粗略估计一下你所需要的木材量。
a ballpark estimate (= an approximate estimate) 大致相近的估计 
official government estimates of traffic growth over the next decade 政府对今后十年交通增长的正式估计 
At least 5 000 people were killed, and that's a conservative estimate (= the real figure will be higher). 至少5 000人丧生，这还是个保守的估计。
the official estimate of the election result 竞选结果的官方预测 
This figure is five times the original estimate. 这个数据是最初估算的五倍。
Current estimates suggest that supplies will run out within six months. 据目前估计，供给品将在六个月之内用尽。
Inflation could rise by 15% according to the latest estimate. 据最新估计，通货膨胀率可能上升15%。
optimistic, pessimistic estimate 乐观的估计；悲观的估计 
cost, earnings estimate 成本估计；收入估算 
population estimate 人口估算 
casualty estimate 伤亡估算 
I hadn't been far wrong in my estimate of his grandson's capabilities. 我对他孙子的能力的判断还不算太离谱。
The shop also offers a curtain-making and fitting service. Quotes and estimates can be prepared by computer on the spot. 那家商店还提供窗帘制作和安装服务，而且可以用计算机现场制作报价单和预算书。

vt. 使一项活动的各个部分和人员相互协调（以使其顺利进行）:
vt. 使身体各部分动作协调:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (with sth)（衣服、家具等）搭配，协调（从而看起来顺眼）:
n. [pl.] coordinates 在商店等场所中使用，指搭配协调（如颜色协调）的配套服装，套装:
n. [C]（地图或几何图形上的）坐标:
coordinate |[kəʊˈɔ:dɪneɪt;美koʊˈɔ:rd-]
They appointed a new manager to coordinate the work of the team. 为协调这个团队的工作，他们任用了一位新经理。
We try to coordinate our activities with those of other groups. 我们尽力协调我们组与其他组的活动。
Government officials visited the earthquake zone on Thursday morning to co-ordinate the relief effort. 星期四上午，政府官员视察地震灾区，以协调救援工作。
We need to develop a coordinated approach to the problem. 我们需要拿出解决这一问题的协调一致的办法。
the setting up of an advisory committee to co-ordinate police work 建立咨询委员会以协调警务工作 
a carefully coordinated policy 经过周密协调的政策 
They spend several weeks each year undergoing intensive treatment which enables them to coordinate their limbs better. 他们每年都花费几周的时间接受强化治疗，以使四肢能够更好地协调。
This shade coordinates with a wide range of other colours. 这种深浅的颜色可与很多颜色搭配。
She'll show you how to co-ordinate pattern and colours. 她会教你如何搭配款式和颜色。
Tie it with fabric bows that co-ordinate with other furnishings. 系上与其他装饰相配的布质蝴蝶结。
new lingerie co-ordinates 新的内衣套装
the x, y coordinates of any point on a line 一条线上任意一点的x、y 坐标 
Can you give me your co-ordinates? 您能告诉我您的坐标吗？
the latitude and longitude co-ordinates of any location in the world 世界各地的经纬坐标          


coordinates |英/美 [kəu'ɔ:dineits]| n. [数] 坐标；相配之衣物/v. 使协调；使调和（coordinate的第三人称单数形式）/



vt. 1 inspect sth/sb (for sth) 仔细查看…，尤指查看一切是否正常，相当于examine。与check的一个含义也极为类似，有时可互换:
2 官方视察，正式视察，常是领导对机构等进行视察。是“视察”的常规用词:
vt. inspect sth/sb (for sth) 仔细检查身体，尤指查看一切是否正常，相当于examine，不过远不如examine常用:
inspect |[ɪn'spekt]
The teacher walked around inspecting their work. 老师走来走去检查他们的作业。
Each party in the case is entitled to inspect the documents held by the other. 案件各方均有权查看对方所持有的文件。
He inspected the water tank for cracks. 他检查水箱是否存在裂缝。
to inspect the goods before signing for them 在签收之前对货物进行检验 
The plants are regularly inspected for disease. 对这些植物定期做病害检查。
to inspect the factory 视察工厂
He is regularly inspected for disease. 他定期做疾病检查。

n. [C] 某事（尤指坏事）的征兆:
n. [C]（疾病的）症状，症候，通常用symptoms:
symptom |['sɪmptəm]
It is just a symptom of a larger problem. 这只是一个更大问题的征兆。
The unemployment issue is just one symptom of the poor state of the economy. 失业问题不过是经济不景气的一个征兆。
Symptoms include a headache and fever. 症状包括头痛和发热。
typical, common symptoms 典型症状；常见症状 
clinical symptoms 临床症状 
mild symptoms 轻微的症状 
respiratory symptoms 呼吸系统症状 
allergic, asthma, flu, menopausal symptoms 过敏症状；哮喘症状；流感症状；更年期症状 
depressive symptoms 抑郁症症状 
If symptoms do not improve after a week, see your doctor. 一周后如果症状不见改善，请就医。

adj. appropriate (for/to sth)（对于某种情况或条件来说）合适的（或可接受的、恰当的）。相对正式:
vt. [正式] appropriate sth (for sth) 为某一用途而拿取（或给予）某事物（尤指金钱，此时可称为拨款）:
vt. [正式]（尤指非法或未经允许地）拿来某事物（如某人的想法等）以供自己使用，具体可称为盗用、挪用等:
appropriate |[ə'prəʊprɪət]
appropriate response, appropriate measure, appropriate method, appropriate time 恰如其分的反应；恰当的措施；恰当的方法；合适的时候 
to take appropriate action 采取适当的行动 
Jeans are not appropriate for a formal party. 正式聚会上穿牛仔裤不合适。
It was thought appropriate to award her the prize. 大家都认为应该把奖颁给她。
Five million dollars has been appropriated for research into the disease. 已拨款五百万元用于这种疾病的研究。
He was accused of appropriating club funds. 他被控挪用俱乐部资金。
Some of the opposition party’s policies have been appropriated by the government. 反对党的一些政策已被政府照搬照用。

notably large in size, amount, or extent:在规模、数量或范围上特别大
(of a person) having merit or distinction:（某人的）有功劳或有名望的
considerable |kənˈsɪd(ə)rəbl| Adjective/:大量,可观的,相当大的
a position of considerable influence:具有相当影响力的职位
Snow was a limited, but still considerable, novelist:Snow是一位有限但仍然重要的小说家

n. [C] 令人高兴的事，即乐事，乐趣，相当于joy:
vt. 给予某人很多快乐或享受:
n. [U] 一种强烈的愉悦感，即高兴，快乐，相当于joy。程度较深:
delight |[dɪ'laɪt]
the delights of living in the country 生活在乡村的乐趣 
culinary delight 烹饪的乐趣 
earthly delight 尘世间的乐事 
This guitar is a delight to play. 这吉他弹起来很惬意。
The baby was a constant delight. 这个婴儿不断给人带来喜悦。
This news will delight his fans all over the world. 这消息将使全世界崇拜他的人都感到高兴。
Jane squealed with sheer delight when she saw the monkeys. 简看到猴子时高兴得尖叫起来。
He takes (great) delight in proving others wrong. 他以证实别人出错为（一大）快事。
childish, childlike delight 天真的快乐；孩子般的快乐 
aesthetic, sensory, sensual, spiritual delight 审美愉悦；感官愉悦；精神愉悦 
To my great delight, they offered me the job. 他们给了我这份工作，令我非常高兴。
a cry of delight 快乐的叫喊

vi. ~ (in favour of sb) 偏袒:
vi. ~ (against sb) 歧视:
~ A from B 区分、区别、辨别:
discriminate |[dɪˈskrɪmɪneɪt]
practices that discriminate against women and in favour of men 重男轻女的做法 
to discriminate in favour/favor of（尤英）优待 
legislation which would discriminate in favour of racial minorities 偏袒少数种族的立法 
They discriminate positively in favour/favor of workers from ethnic minorities. 他们对少数族裔的工人特别照顾。
They believe the law discriminates against women. 他们认为该项法律歧视女性。
practices that discriminate against women and in favour of men 重男轻女的做法 
He claims he was racially discriminated against when he applied for the job. 他声称申请这个职位时遭受了种族歧视。
It is illegal to discriminate on grounds of race, sex or religion. 因种族、性别或宗教信仰而有所歧视是非法的。
Companies must avoid discriminating on the grounds of race or gender. 公司必须避免种族和性别歧视。
vt.&vi. ~ (between A and B) 
The computer program was unable to discriminate between letters and numbers. 这计算机程序不能辨别字母与数字。
When do babies learn to discriminate voices? 婴儿什么时候学会辨别嗓音呢？
A number of features discriminate this species from others. 有许多特征使这一物种与其他物种区别开来。
He is incapable of discriminating between a good idea and a terrible one. 他分不清主意的好坏。
The device can discriminate between the cancerous and the normal cells. 这台仪器可以辨别癌细胞和正常的细胞。

vt. prepare sth/sb (for sb/sth) 使某事物或某人准备好（被使用或去做某事）:
vt.＆vi. prepare (yourself) (for sth) 让自己准备好去做某事，或对于自己认为将要发生的事有所准备:
vt. 预备饭菜（以供食用），做饭。较常用:
vt. prepare sth (from sth) 制作一种药物或化学物质（例如通过将不同的物质混合在一起），可称为调制，配制等:
vt. prepare sth (from sth) 制作一种药物（例如通过将不同的物质混合在一起），可称为调制，配制等:
prepare |[prɪ'peə]
to prepare a report 拟定一份报告 
The college prepares students for a career in business. 这个学院是培养商务人才的。
The lectures were carefully prepared. 这些讲座是精心准备的。
I had no time to prepare. 我当时没时间准备。
to prepare for the exams 备考 
I was preparing to leave. 我正准备离开。
to prepare for the worst 做好最坏的准备
He was in the kitchen preparing lunch. 他在厨房做午饭。
a meal that is very quick and easy to prepare 准备起来方便快捷的一餐
remedies prepared from herbal extracts 用草药提取成分配制的药物
remedies prepared from herbal extracts 用草药提取成分配制的药物
