proficiency				熟练
exception						例外，异议
avert					防止，将...移开
exclusive				高档的，独有的，排斥的
exclusive of			不包括
suspicion				怀疑，看法，感觉
a suspicion of			少许
surprise						惊喜，出人意料，意外的
revise						修改，复习，修订
uniform								制服，均匀的，相同的
communication							交流，信息
paradigm			范例
symphony							交响乐，和谐
subscribe							订购
incident								发生的事，暴力事件
decisive						果断的，决定性的
convict						判决...有罪，囚犯
commemorate				纪念
characteristic							典型的，特征
motel					汽车旅馆
reduce							减少，降低，缩短，迫使
analogy				类似，类推
carve					雕刻，切开
moderate				中等的，有节制的，温和的
assign						分配，指派，确定
conclude						结束，推断，决定
quarrel					争吵，分歧
spectator				观众
finish						结束，吃完，毁掉，终点
attractive						漂亮的，有吸引力的
soluble				可溶的，可解开的
petty					琐碎的，小气的，次要的
\\\\\\\\

n. [U] ~ (in sth/in doing sth) 熟练度:
proficiency |[prəˈfɪʃnsi]
a high level of oral proficiency in English 一口流利的英语 
Evidence of basic proficiency in English is part of the admission requirement. 英语基本熟练是入学条件之一。
a certificate for proficiency in English 英语水平证书 
Not all students were developing high proficiency in Spanish. 并非所有学生对西班牙语都学得很精通。
Mary of them had only limited proficiency in English. 他们中许多人的英语水平有限。|academic, technical proficiency 学术水平；技术水平 
language, oral, reading, written proficiency 语言水平；口语水平；阅读水平；写作水平 
cycling（尤英）, skiing proficiency 骑自行车的熟练度；滑雪的熟练程度 
He taught himself to carve to a high degree of proficiency. 他自学雕刻，达到了很高的水平。
He acquired greater proficiency after a three-month intensive course. 上了三个月的强化课后，他的水平得以提高。
The test has been widely used for assessing English proficiency. 该测试已被广泛用于评估英语水平。
proficiency assessment, proficiency examination, proficiency test水平评估；水平考试；水平测试 
a language proficiency test 语言水平测试 
proficiency level, proficiency standard 熟练程度；熟练标准

n. 1 [C] 一般情况以外的人（或事物），即例外:
2 [C] 不遵循某一规则的事物:
exception |[ɪkˈsepʃn]
Most of the buildings in the town are modern, but the church is an exception. 城里大多是现代建筑，不过教堂是个例外。
With very few exceptions, private schools get the best exam results. 私立学校的考试成绩是最好的，很少有例外情况。
Nobody had much money at the time and I was no exception. 那时候谁都没有很多钱，我也不例外。
Most industries have suffered badly in the recession, but there have been a few notable exceptions. 在经济衰退期间大多数产业受到严重影响，但有几个明显的例外。
My family grew closer over the years. The only exception was my aunt. 这些年来我的家人之间越来越亲近，唯一的例外是我姑姑。
all American presidents, with the sole exception of Carter 除了卡特之外的所有美国总统 
all of them--with the partial exception of Ireland 所有国家——爱尔兰部分地区除外 
There are occasional exceptions to my generalization. 我的概括偶然也有例外。
There was an interesting exception to this general pattern. 此通用模式有一个有意思的例外。
There should be specific exceptions written into the plan. 那些特定的例外情况应该写到这个计划中去。
We are making a special exception for Emma because of her condition. 因为艾玛的情况特殊，我们把她作为例外。
With the possible exception of the US, no other nation experienced a more severe depression.可能除了美国之外，其他国家没有经历过更加严重的萧条。
With a few honourable honorable exceptions, politicians kept quiet about the corruption.除了几位值得尊敬的政治家外，其他政界人士对腐败缄口不提。
No parking is allowed, but an exception is made for disabled drivers. 此处禁止停车，但对残疾驾车者例外。
The reform bill carves out several specific exceptions for treatment of health expenses.（carve out为美式用法）这项改革法案为医疗支出的处理开创了几个特定的先例。She asked the state Supreme Court to grant an exception. 她请求州最高法院准许将其作为一种例外。
Such initiatives remain the exception, rather than the rule. 这些倡议依然是例外，而不是常规。
The whole of the island was flooded with the exception of a small area in the north. 除了北部一小块地方以外，整个岛都被淹没了。
Without exception, all employees must carry their identity card with them at all times. 所有雇员无一例外地任何时候都要带着身份证。
Guide dogs are the one exception to the store's ban on dogs. 这家商店禁止带狗入内，但导盲犬除外。
The weather had been rainy for days, and the day of the race was no exception. 天一直下雨，比赛那天也不例外。
With a few exceptions, the songwriting is very good. 除个别地方外，这首歌写得很好。
Good writing is unfortunately the exception rather than the rule (= it is unusual). 可惜优秀的文字作品真是可遇不可求。
Nowadays a job for life is very much the exception rather than the rule. 现在终身职业只是例外而不是常规了。
There are always a lot of exceptions to grammar rules. 语法规则总是有很多例外。
They represent an exception to the rule. 他们代表的是这项规定的例外情况。
Most of his family are sports enthusiasts, but he's the exception to the rule. 他家中大部分人都是体育迷，但他是个例外

vt. 防止（坏事或危险的事发生）:
vt. ~ your eyes, gaze, face (from sth)（因为不想看而）转移目光、背过脸:
avert |[əˈvɜ:t;美əˈvɜ:rt]
Disaster was narrowly averted when two airliners almost collided above Detroit. 两架班机差点儿在底特律上空相撞，险些酿成大祸。
He managed to avert the closure of the factory. 他设法使工厂免于倒闭。
He did his best to avert suspicion. 他尽量避嫌。
Talks with the teachers' union over the weekend have averted a strike. 周末与教师工会举行的谈判避免了一场罢工。
A fresh tragedy was narrowly averted yesterday. 昨天险些酿成一场新的悲剧。
He looked up, and she quickly averted her gaze. 他抬起头，她就迅速转过眼睛看别处了。
He avoids any eye contact, quickly averting his gaze when anyone approaches. 他避免任何眼神接触，一有人靠近就把目光迅速移开。
He kept his eyes averted. 他的眼睛滴溜溜乱转。
She averted her eyes from the terrible scene in front of her. 她背过脸，不去看面前可怕的场面。
They hastily averted their faces to hide their giggles. 他们迅速转过脸去以掩饰他们的傻笑。

adj. 1 为个人或群体所专用的、专有的、独占的:
2（团体、社团等）不愿接收新成员的，尤指不接收较低社会阶层者的:
3 不能同时存在的，不能同时为真的，如排斥的、排他的:
4 ~ of sb/sth 不包括（某人或某事物），如不算、除…外:
n. [C] 独家新闻、独家报道:
adj. 高质量且昂贵（因此只供少数人购买或使用）的，如高档的:
exclusive |[ɪkˈsklu:sɪv]
The hotel has exclusive access to the beach. 这家旅馆有通向海滩的专用通道。
exclusive rights to televise the World Cup 世界杯赛的独家电视播放权 
His mother has told ‘The Times’ about his death in an exclusive interview (= not given to any other newspaper). 他的母亲在接受《泰晤士报》的独家采访时谈到他的死亡。
Our group will have exclusive use of a 60-foot boat. 我们小组将独用一条60英尺长的船。
Many of their cheeses are exclusive to our stores in Britain. 在英国，他们生产的奶酪很多只在我们商店出售。
the course's almost-concentration on grammar 几乎只讲语法的课程 
The recording deal is not necessarily exclusive. The band can record material for other companies as well. 录制协议不是独家的，乐队也可为其他公司录制唱片。
These products are exclusive to our outlets.这些商品是我们的门店专卖的。
He belongs to an exclusive club. 他参加的是一个上层人士俱乐部。
The City was criticized for being too exclusive and uncompetitive. 伦敦城被指责过于排外和缺乏竞争力。
The owners of the golf club are determined to keep it exclusive. 高尔夫俱乐部业主决定俱乐部只为会员服务。
a somewhat exclusive venue 有点儿排外的地方 
They both have learnt that ambition and successful fatherhood can be mutually exclusive. 他们两个人都认识到了追求理想和做个好父亲不能两者兼顾。
The two options are not mutually exclusive (= you can have them both). 这两种选择并不相互排斥。
The price is for accommodation only, exclusive of meals. 此价只包括住宿，饭费除外。
Skiing weekends cost £58 (exclusive of travel and accommodation). 周末滑雪价格为58英镑（不含交通和住宿费）。
All charges for service are exclusive of value added tax. 所有服务费都不包括增值税。
an exclusive hotel 高级旅馆 
exclusive designer clothes 高档名牌服装

n. [C] ~ (that…)（即使没有证据）感觉某事是真的:
n. 1 [U, C] ~ (that…)（对某人可能做了错事、非法之事、不道德之事的）怀疑、嫌疑（但是没有证据）:
2 [C] ~ (that…)（即使没有证据）感觉某事是真的:
3 [U, C] 对某人或某事的怀疑、猜疑、不放心:
n. [sing.] [正式] ~ of sth 少许、一点儿:
suspicion |[səˈspɪʃn]
I have a horrible suspicion that we've come to the wrong station. 我感觉不妙——我们可能找错车站了。
I have a sneaking suspicion that they are going to succeed. 我隐约觉得他们将要成功了。
Astronomers will have to collect more spectra from these stars to confirm their suspicions. 天文学家们必须要从这些恒星上采集更多的光谱来证实他们的推想。
I have a nasty suspicion he's organized a surprise party for me. 我有种不快的感觉，怀疑他为我组织了惊喜聚会。
My worst suspicions were realized when I was fired. 我被解雇了，我最坏的疑虑变成了现实。
They drove away slowly to avoid arousing suspicion. 他们缓缓驾车离去，以免引起怀疑。
He was arrested on suspicion of murder. 他因涉嫌谋杀而被捕。
I have a sneaking suspicion that she's not telling the truth. 我暗自怀疑她没讲实话。
There was a suspicion that this runner attempted to avoid the procedures for dope testing. 这名赛跑选手涉嫌有意逃避兴奋剂检验。
The police said their suspicions were aroused because Mr Owens had other marks on his body. 警方说欧文斯先生尸体上的其他伤痕引起了他们的怀疑。
There is strong suspicion on both sides that information is being withheld. 双方都强烈怀疑对方隐瞒信息。
I don't think he had the slightest suspicion anything was wrong. 我认为他丝毫没怀疑会有什么问题。
an atmosphere of mutual suspicion 相互怀疑的气氛 
Our suspicions turned out to be groundless. 结果证明我们的怀疑毫无根据。
We had our suspicions as to who did it, but nothing could be proved. 这事儿到底是谁干的，我们有所怀疑，但是没有证据。
He fell under suspicion of tax evasion. 他有逃税嫌疑。
Parked vehicles that arouse suspicion should be reported to the police. 发现可疑的停放车辆应报告警方。
information that casts suspicion on one of the most powerful figures in the party 引起对党内一位最具权势人物的猜疑的信息 
Their odd appearance invited suspicion. 他们奇怪的外表招致了怀疑。
She shared her suspicions with no one but her diary. 她没有向任何人吐露自己的猜疑，只写在日记中。
A telephone call confirmed my worst suspicions. 一个电话证明了我最坏的怀疑。
She was anxious to allay any suspicion that she had married for money. 她急切地想减轻人们认为她为了钱才结婚的怀疑。
The suspicion exists that Harries is stealing money from the company safe. 有人怀疑说哈里斯从公司保险柜偷钱。
Strong suspicion fell on the victim's boyfriend. 重大嫌疑落在了受害人男朋友身上。
They thought the teacher was beyond suspicion. 他们认为那位老师没有嫌疑。
his suspicions about the candidate's background 他对候选人背景的怀疑 
Suspicions against the former prime minister remain. 依然有人怀疑前任首相。
The finger of suspicion pointed to a close friend of the victim.（尤英）怀疑的矛头指向受害者的一名密友。
The police must have reasonable grounds for suspicion before they can get a search warrant. 警方必须有合理的怀疑根据才能获得搜查证。
Boys were an immediate object of suspicion to her. 孩子们立刻成了她怀疑的对象。
He ended his athletics career under a cloud of suspicion. 他在疑云笼罩下结束了自己的运动生涯。
I have a horrible suspicion that we've come to the wrong station. 我感觉不妙——我们可能找错车站了。
I have a sneaking suspicion that they are going to succeed. 我隐约觉得他们将要成功了。
Astronomers will have to collect more spectra from these stars to confirm their suspicions. 天文学家们必须要从这些恒星上采集更多的光谱来证实他们的推想。
I have a nasty suspicion he's organized a surprise party for me. 我有种不快的感觉，怀疑他为我组织了惊喜聚会。
My worst suspicions were realized when I was fired. 我被解雇了，我最坏的疑虑变成了现实。
Their offer was greeted with some suspicion. 他们的主动热情遭到一些猜疑。
the traditional British suspicion of psychotherapy 英国人传统上对心理疗法的猜忌 
He may have had some suspicions of Michael Foster, the editor of the journal. 他可能对杂志主编迈克尔·福斯特有些怀疑。
an atmosphere of mutual suspicion 互相猜疑的氛围 
They viewed the new scheme with great suspicion. 他们对这项新计划抱有极大的怀疑。           
His mouth quivered in the suspicion of a smile. 他嘴唇微微一颤，露出一丝笑意。
Her remarks lacked even the faintest suspicion of humour. 她的话一点都不幽默。
large blooms of white with a suspicion of pale pink 一朵朵略带淡粉色的大白花          

vt. 1 使某人感到惊奇、诧异或意外。可以是好事、坏事，也可以是不好不坏的事:
2 突然且意外地攻击、发现等某人:
n. 1 [C] 意想不到或突然发生的（即令人惊奇的）一次事件、一则消息等。常是好事，也可以是坏事:
surprise (at seeing, hearing, etc.) 被意外（或突然）事件（或消息）所引起的一种感情，即惊讶、惊奇、意外:
3 [U] 让人惊奇的做事方法:
vt. 突然且意外地发现某人:
vt. 突然且意外地攻击某人，强调进攻的突然性和意外性（一般是令敌人意外）:
surprise |[sə'praɪz]
The outcome did not surprise me at all. 我对这个结果一点儿也不意外。
It wouldn’t surprise me if they got married. 如果他们俩结婚，我不会觉得奇怪。
They wanted to surprise their mother and get the breakfast ready. 他们想把早饭做好，给母亲一个惊喜。
The army attacked at night to surprise the rebels. 军队在夜间发起攻击，把叛乱者打了个措手不及。
We arrived home early and surprised a burglar trying to break in. 我们回家早，无意中发现一个窃贼正要入室行窃。
What a nice surprise! 真是让人惊喜！
Her letter came as a complete surprise. 万万没想到会收到她的信。
surprise victory 意外的成功 
surprise defeat 意外的失败 
surprise attack 突袭 
a look of surprise 惊讶的表情 
She looked up in surprise. 她惊讶地抬起头。
I got a surprise when I saw the bill. 一看账单我吃了一惊。
To everyone’s surprise, the plan succeeded. 出乎所有人的意料，那个计划竟然取得了成功。
After the initial surprise I got to like the place. 最初的惊讶过后，我喜欢上了这个地方。
mock surprise 假装吃惊 
A successful campaign should have an element of surprise. 成功的宣传活动需有出奇制胜之处。
We surprised a burglar trying to break in. 我们无意中发现一个窃贼正要入室行窃。
The army attacked at night to surprise the rebels. 军队在夜间发起攻击，把叛乱者打了个措手不及。

vt. 改变、修改（意见或计划）:
vt. 调整，改变（价格、数目、估计等，以使其更准确、更符合实际、更合理）:
vt. [英] 为考试而复习、温习:
revise |[rɪˈvaɪz]
He soon came to revise his opinion of the profession. 他很快就改变了对这个职业的看法。
I can see I will have to revise my opinions of his abilities now. 我明白我现在不得不改变对他的能力的看法了。
The government may need to revise its policy in the light of this report. 政府可能需要根据这份报告改变其政策。
They realized that some of their prices were higher than their competitors' and revised prices accordingly. 他们意识到自己有些价格高于竞争对手，就相应调整了价格。
We may have to revise this figure upwards. 我们也许要将这个数字往上调一调。
The United Nations has been forced to revise its estimates of population growth upwards. 联合国已经被迫上调了其对人口增长做出的预测。
I'll prepare a revised estimate for you. 我将为你准备一份经过修正的评估报告。
Sales forecasts will have to be revised downwards/downward. 销量预测将不得不调低。
The estimate for the building work had to be revised. 该项建筑工程的估价得进行调整。
The figure has now been revised from $1 million to $2 million. 数字已经从100万美元改成了200万美元。
I spent the weekend revising for my exam. 我花了整个周末复习备考。
I can't come out tonight. I have to revise. 我今晚不能出去。我得复习。
I'm revising Geography today. 我今天复习地理。
Have you revised for the test tomorrow? 明天的测验你复习了吗?

n. [C, U] 一个组织（或一个工作组）的所有成员、或学校的学生所穿的一套制服:
adj. 不变的，在各部分且在所有时间相同的，即一致的、统一的、一律的:
uniform |['ju:nɪfɔ:m]
soldiers in uniform 穿制服的军人 
school uniform 校服 
full uniform 全套制服 
dress uniform 军礼服 
camouflage uniform 迷彩服 
military, prison uniform 军装；囚服 
nurse’s, waitress（尤美）uniform 护士服；女侍者装 
baseball, cheerleading, soccer（均美）uniform 棒球服；拉拉队服；足球服
uniform rates of pay 统一的薪资标准 
The walls were a uniform grey. 墙壁一律都是灰色的。
Growth has not been uniform across the country. 全国各地的发展程度不一。
uniform lines of terraced houses 整齐的一列列排屋

n. [U] 表达想法和感情（或向人们传递信息）的活动或过程，即表达，交流，传递:
n. [C] [正式] 信息；书信；电话:
n. [U]（也可用复数形式communications）发送信息的方法（尤指通过电话、广播、计算机等），即通信。是此义的基础用词，含义极为广泛:
n. [U]（也可用复数形式communications）（公路、铁路等的）交通:
communication |[kə͵mju:nɪ'keɪʃn]
channels of communication 沟通渠道 
communication skills 沟通技能 
Good communication is important for business. 良好的沟通对做生意来说很重要。
interpersonal communication 人际交流 
non-verbal, oral, verbal, written communication 非言语交际；言语交际；书面沟通 
animal, human communication 动物的交流；人类的交流 
I haven’t had any communication with him for several years. 我跟他已有好几年没任何联系了。
Letters are their only means of communication. 书信是他们唯一的联系方式。           
formal, official, personal communication 正式信息；官方信息；个人信息 
to receive a communication 收到信息 
to send a communication 发送信息 
to intercept a communication 拦截信息 
a communication from the officer to the general 该军官发给将军的消息
digital, radio, telephone, wireless communications 数字通信系统；无线电通信系统；电话通信系统；无线通信系统 
communications links, communications network, communications system 通信链路；通信网络；通信系统 
communications satellite, communications technology 通信卫星；通信技术 
communications equipment 通信设备 
Snow has prevented communication with the outside world for three days. 大雪使得与外界的通信中断了三天。
rail, road communications 铁路交通；公路交通 
Paris has good rail communications with other major cities. 巴黎与其他各主要城市间有良好的铁路交通。

n. [C] [术语] 典范、范例、典型样式:
n. [C] 语法中可指词形变化表:
paradigm |[ˈpærədaɪm]
a paradigm for students to copy 供学生效法的榜样 
He had become the paradigm of the successful man. 他已经成为成功人士的典范。
The war was a paradigm of the destructive side of human nature. 那场战争尽显人性中具有破坏性的一面。
a new paradigm of production 新的生产范式
verb paradigms 动词词形变化表

n. [C] 交响乐；交响曲（由管弦乐队演奏，通常有三或四个乐章）:
symphony |['sɪmfənɪ]
Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony 贝多芬的第九交响曲 
symphony orchestra 交响乐团 
symphony concert 交响音乐会

vi. subscribe to 可表示支持、赞成、持有、或相信某个观点或信仰。还算常用:
vi. subscribe (to sth) 向慈善机构定期捐款:
vi. 1 subscribe (to sth) 定期付钱以订购或订阅，是此义的基础用词和常用词:
2 subscribe (to sth) 向某个组织定期交纳会员费:
3 subscribe (for sth) 在金融财政领域可指认购（股份）:
vt. 常用被动式，指申请参加某一活动、使用某项服务等，也可叫预订或报名:
vt.＆vi. 签署，题词:
subscribe |[səb'skraɪb]
to subscribe to his view 赞同他的观点 
I subscribe wholeheartedly to this theory. 我完全赞同这个理论。
I do not personally subscribe to this idea. 我个人并不赞成这个想法。
He subscribes regularly to Amnesty International. 他定期向大赦国际捐款。
to subscribe to an online journal 订阅一本在线期刊 
to subscribe to a movie channel (= on TV) 付费收看一个电影频道 
to subscribe for shares of a company 认购公司股份 
The tour of Serbia is fully subscribed. 去塞尔维亚旅游的名额已经满了。
I subscribed my name to the document. 我在文件上签了字。

n. [C] 发生的事情，尤指不寻常或令人不快的事:
n. [C] 国内的重大军事性事件（常是变故、坏事等）；两国间的分歧，常涉及军事冲突:
n. [C] 国内的重大政治、军事性事变；两国间的分歧，常涉及军事冲突:
n. [C, U] 一次严重或暴力事件，如犯罪、事故或袭击。其词义已经包含了accident，可以说accident是一种incident:
incident |['ɪnsɪdənt]['ɪnsɪdənt]
His bad behaviour was just an isolated incident. 他的不良行为只是个别事件。
The story is based on an actual incident. 这篇小说是根据真实事件创作的。
bad, horrible incident 坏事；恐怖的事 
tragic incident 悲剧事件 
unfortunate incident 不幸的事件 
mysterious, strange incident 神秘的事情；奇怪的事 
dramatic incident 戏剧性事件 
amusing incident 好笑的事 
He was asked whether he had ever experienced any incidents of discrimination. 他被问到是否经历过歧视。
border incident 边境事件 
Xi’an Incident 西安事变
domestic incident 国内事件 
international incident 国际事件 
racial incident 种族事件 
border incident 边境事件 
diplomatic incident 外交事件 
security incident 安全事件
violent incident 暴力事件 
terrorist incident 恐怖事件 
nuclear incident 核事件 
bombing, shooting, stabbing incident 爆炸事件；枪击事件；刺伤事件 
pollution incident 污染事件 
alcohol-related incident 涉酒事件 
incident room 事件调查办公室 
incidents arising out of an industrial dispute 由劳资纠纷引发的事件 
It’s not an isolated incident 这不是一起孤立事件。
The demonstration passed without incident. 游行示威很顺利，中间没出什么乱子。

adj. 能够快速而自信地决定某事的，如坚决的、果断的:
adj. 对于决定最终结果极为重要的，即决定性的、关键的:
decisive |[dɪˈsaɪsɪv]
decisive management 果断的管理层 
He should give way to a younger, more decisive leader. 他应该让位于更年轻、更有决断力的领导者。
The government must take decisive action on gun control. 政府必须在枪支管制方面采取果断措施。           
decisive factor, decisive victory, decisive battle 决定性的因素；决定性的胜利；决定性的战斗 
She has played a decisive role in the peace negotiations. 她在和谈中起了关键作用。
a decisive step (= an important action that will change a situation) towards a cleaner environment 朝着更清洁的环境迈出的关键一步 
his decisive victory in the presidential elections 他在总统大选中取得的压倒性胜利 
The election campaign has now entered its final, decisive phase. 选举活动现在已进入了最后的决定性阶段。
He had one potentially decisive factor in his favour: the element of surprise. 他具备一种对他的发展有积极影响的决定性素质——出奇制胜的本领。
It is the chief executive's opinion which is ultimately decisive.（ultimately尤为英式用法）总裁的意见具有最终的决定作用。

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (of sth)（在法庭上）裁定并正式宣布某人有罪:
n. [C]（也可用非正式的con） 已被判决有罪并被送进监狱的一个人，即已决犯、服刑囚犯:
convict |[kənˈvɪkt]
In 1977 he was convicted of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment. 1977年，他被判谋杀罪名成立，判处终身监禁。
There was insufficient evidence to convict him. 没有足够证据给他定罪。
a convicted murderer 已定罪的谋杀犯 
He was convicted of fraud. 他被判犯有诈骗罪。
an escaped convict 越狱犯           

vt. 用一个特殊的活动或物品对昔日的某个重要人物或事件进行纪念；作为…的纪念物而存在:
commemorate |[kəˈmeməreɪt]
A series of movies will be shown to commemorate the 30th anniversary of his death. 为纪念他逝世30周年，有一系列的电影要上映。
The 200th anniversary of Mozart's death is being commemorated around the world with concerts featuring his work. 世界各地将举办以莫扎特的作品为主题的音乐会，以纪念他逝世200周年。
A plaque commemorates the battle. 有一块饰板用来纪念那次战役。
One room contained a gallery of paintings commemorating great moments in baseball history. 有一个房间里陈列着很多纪念棒球史上伟大时刻的画作。

n. [C] characteristic (of sth/sb) 某事物或某人所具有的一个典型特征或品质:
adj. characteristic (of sth/sb) 在某事物或某人的性格中非常典型的，如独特的、特有的:
characteristic |[͵kærɪktə'rɪstɪk]
a key characteristic of human society 人类社会的一个关键特征 
family characteristic 家族特征 
genetic, physical, psychological, sexual characteristic 基因特征；身体特征；心理特征；性征 
Personal characteristics, such as age and sex are taken into account. 个人的特征，如年龄和性别等，都要考虑进去。
The two species have several characteristics in common. 这两个物种有几个共同的特征。
She spoke with characteristic enthusiasm. 她说话带着特有的热情。
his characteristic features 他典型的特征 
a problem that was fairly characteristic of late 18th-century society 18世纪后期社会比较典型的一个问题

n. [C] 供驾车旅行的人居住和停车的旅馆，即汽车旅馆:
motel |[məʊˈtel;美moʊ-]
cheap motel 廉价的汽车旅馆 
seedy motel 又脏又乱的汽车旅馆 
small motel 小型汽车旅馆 
motel room 汽车旅馆房间 
motel owner 汽车旅馆老板 
We spent a night at a motel on the way. 路上我们在一个汽车旅馆过了一夜。

reduce sth (by sth) 使某事物的数量、价格等变得更少或更小，即减少，缩小。是此义的常规用词之一，在词义上与decrease有很大交集，不过decrease还可以是不及物动词:
vi. [美，非正式] 通过限制所吃的食物数量和种类来减肥:
reduce sth (by sth) 使某事物的尺寸等变得更小，即缩小:
vt. 化学中可表示使…还原（即给某种物质添加一个或多个电子，或从一个物质中除去氧）:
vt.＆vi.（煮沸液体使其）蒸发:
reduce |[rɪ'dju:s]
vt. reduce sth (from sth) (to sth) 
Reduce speed now (= on a sign). 减速行驶。
Costs have been reduced by 20% over the past year. 过去一年，各项费用已经减少了20%。
The price is reduced from 99 cents to 85 cents. 价格从99分降到85分。
The number of employees was reduced from 40 to 25. 雇员人数从40人减少到了25人。
Giving up smoking reduces the risk of heart disease. 戒烟会减少得心脏病的风险。
a reducing plan 节食计划
vt. reduce sth (from sth) (to sth) 
I noticed that my belly had drastically reduced in size. 我注意到我的肚子小了不少。           

~ (with sth)（两个事物之间的）相似、类似；类比、比喻:
2 [U] 类比或类推的过程:
analogy |[əˈnælədʒi]
She drew an analogy between running the economy and a housewife's weekly budget. 她用家庭主妇一周的预算类比管理经济。
She suggested an analogy between the human heart and a pump. 她打了个比喻，把人的心脏比作一个泵。
It is probably easier to make an analogy between the courses of the planets, and two trains travelling in the same direction. 将行星的运行比作两列火车朝同一方向行驶可能更容易些。
There are no analogies with any previous legal cases. 以往的法律案件没有哪一宗可与此案类比。
A close analogy with the art of singing can be made. 可以用歌唱艺术作一个很切近的类比。
historical, musical, sporting（英）, sports（美）analogy 历史类比；音乐类比；体育类比 
The Wild West analogy does not fit here. 西大荒的类比用在这儿不合适。
The computer is a useful analogy for the brain. 计算机是人脑很恰当的类比物。
There is an analogy here with the way an engine works. 这个与发动机的工作原理类似。
learning by analogy 用类推法学习 
We can understand this theory by analogy with human beings. 我们用人来作类比就能理解这个理论了。
Argument from analogy is not always valid. 类比得出的结论并不总是能站住脚。

vt. carve sth (out) (for yourself) 无被动式，指努力工作（以取得职业生涯的成功，或赢得名声等）:
vt.＆vi. 把煮过的肉切成小块以供食用:
vt.＆vi.（用木头或石头）雕刻成物品、图案等:
vt. 在表面上刻写:
carve |[kɑːv]
She has carved a place for herself in the fashion world. 她已在时装界谋得一席之地。
He succeeded in carving out a career in the media. 他已在传媒界闯出了一片天地。
Who’s going to carve the turkey? 谁来把火鸡切成小块？
The statue was carved out of a single piece of stone. 这座雕像是用整块石料雕成的。
She carves in both stone and wood. 她既做石雕也做木雕。
They carved their initials on the desk. 他们把自己姓名的首字母刻在书桌上。

vt.&vi. 主持（讨论、辩论等并确保其公平）:
vt.&vi. [英] 查看不同阅卷人所打分数是否公平一致，即审核评分:
vt.&vi.（使）变得不极端、不严重，如缓和、节制、减弱:
adj. 1（好坏、大小、冷热等）中等的、适度的、不极端的:
2（观点，尤指政治观点）温和的、不极端的:
3（对大多数人来说）在合理限度内的:
4（变化）不大的、有限的:
n. [C] 观点（尤指政治观点）温和的人:
vt.&vi.（使）变得不极端、不严重，如缓和、节制、减弱:
moderate |[ˈmɒdərət;美ˈmɑ:d-]
The television debate was moderated by a law professor. 这场电视辩论由一位法学教授主持。
a moderated newsgroup 有主持人的网络新闻组
By evening the wind had moderated slightly. 到黄昏时，风稍稍减弱了。
We agreed to moderate our original demands. 我们同意降低我们原先的要求。
They are hoping that once in office he can be persuaded to moderate his views. 他们希望等他一上台，可以说服他观点别那么激进。
Amongst relief workers, the immediate sense of crisis has moderated somewhat. 救援人员的紧迫危机感已经有所减弱。           
students of moderate ability 能力一般的学生 
Even moderate amounts of the drug can be fatal. 这种药的用量即使不很大也会致命。
a fairly moderate increase in the rate of inflation 通货膨胀率较为适度的增长 
The team enjoyed only moderate success last season. 上个赛季，这个队伍只取得了中等成绩。
Cook over a moderate heat. 用文火炖。
While a moderate amount of stress can be beneficial, too much stress can exhaust you. 适度的压力是有好处的，但是压力太大会把人压垮。
moderate exercise 适度的锻炼 
moderate views, moderate policies 温和的见解；温和的政策 
a moderate socialist 温和的社会主义者 
a moderate Democrat 温和的民主党人 
the moderate wing of the army 军队中的稳健派 
Both countries have called for a moderate approach to the use of force. 两国都呼吁不要滥用武力。
a moderate drinker 不过多饮酒的人 
moderate wage demands 合理的工资要求 
Most drugs offer either no real improvement or, at best, only moderate improvements. 大多数药物要么不能使病情真正好转，要么最多只能带来轻微的改善。
By evening the wind had moderated slightly. 到黄昏时，风稍稍减弱了。
We agreed to moderate our original demands. 我们同意降低我们原先的要求。
They are hoping that once in office he can be persuaded to moderate his views. 他们希望等他一上台，可以说服他观点别那么激进。
Amongst relief workers, the immediate sense of crisis has moderated somewhat. 救援人员的紧迫危机感已经有所减弱。

~ (sb) sth 把某物分配给某人使用:
~ (sb) sth 分派工作或布置任务给某人:
vt. ~ sth to sth 确定某事物有某个价值、数值或功能，如赋予:
vt. [法律] ~ sth to sb 转让财产或权利:
vt. ~ sb (to sth/as sth) 把一项特定的任务或一个职位指派给某人:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb to sb/sth 委派某人到另一个人的手下（或到一个群体里）工作:
vt. ~ sth to sth 确定某事物有某个价值、数值或功能，或确定某事发生在某时或某地:
assign |[əˈsaɪn]
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 
We have been assigned the two large classrooms. 我们分得了这两间大教室。
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 
The teacher assigned each of the children a different task. 老师给每个儿童都布置了不同的作业。
He assigned a topic to his students. 他给他的学生们布置了一个题目。
to assign a research paper 布置一篇研究论文 
Under Mr. Harel's system, each business must assign a value to each job. 根据哈雷尔先生的体系，每个企业必须赋予每份工作一定的价值。
Assign the letters of the alphabet their numerical values — A equals 1, B equals 2, etc. 给字母表里的每个字母赋予相应的数值——A等于1，B等于2，等等。
The selling broker is then required to assign a portion of the commission to the buyer broker. 卖方经纪人须随后将部分佣金分给买方经纪人。
The agreement assigns copyright to the publisher. 协议规定将版权转让给出版商。
He assigned her all his land in Ireland. 他把自己在爱尔兰的所有土地都转给了她。
British forces have been assigned to help with peacekeeping. 英国军队被派遣协助维持和平。
They've assigned their best man to the job. 他们指派了最优秀的人担任这项工作。
I was assigned to B platoon. 我被派到B排工作。
Did you choose Russia or were you simply assigned there? 你是自己选择去的俄罗斯还是就是被派到那里的？
Assign a different colour to each different type of information. 给每类信息分别确定一种颜色。
The painting cannot be assigned an exact date. 这幅画的年代确定不了。

vt. conclude sth (with sb) 与某人达成（或订立、缔结）正式且最终的协议或协定:
vt.＆vi. [正式] conclude (sth) (with sth) 结束，终止；使…结束或终止:
conclude (from sth) that ... 断定…为（所听到或看到的某事物的）结果，可称为推断出，或得出结论。是此义的常规用词:
conclude |[kən'klu:d]
to conclude a treaty 缔结一项条约 
to conclude an agreement 签署一项协议
concluding remarks 结束语 
to conclude investigation 结束调查 
The programme concluded with Stravinsky’s ‘Rite of Spring’. 演出节目以斯特拉文斯基的《春之祭》结束。
vt. conclude sth (from sth) 
What do you conclude from that? 你从这件事中得出了什么结论？
He concluded from their remarks that they were not in favour of the plan. 他从他们的话语中推断出他们不赞同此项计划。
The report concluded (that) the cheapest option was to close the laboratory. 这份报告认为代价最低廉的选择是关闭实验室。

n. [U] quarrel (with sb/sth) 尤用于否定句，抱怨（或不赞成）某人（或某事）的理由:
quarrel (about/over sth) 两人之间愤怒的争论或争辩、口角、拌嘴（常关于私事）。其含义已为argument所涵盖:
vi. quarrel (with sb) (about/over sth) 争吵，吵架，吵嘴:
quarrel |['kwɒrəl]
We have no quarrel with their plans. 我们没有理由不赞成他们的计划。
a quarrel between family members 家庭成员之间的争执 
lovers’ quarrel 恋人之间的拌嘴 
private quarrel 私人的争吵 
I don’t want to pick a quarrel with her. 我不想找事儿和她争吵。
a quarrel about money 为钱吵架 
quarrel over 就…而吵架 
She quarrelled with her brother over their father’s will. 她和哥哥因为父亲的遗嘱起了争执。
Companies always quarrel about the exact terms of the agreement. 公司总是为协议的具体条款争来吵去。
What did you two quarrel about? 你们俩为什么吵架？

n. [C]（尤指体育赛事的）观看者、观众:
spectator |[spekˈteɪtə(r);美ˈspekteɪtər]
Thirty thousand spectators watched the final game. 三万名观众观看了决赛。
paying spectator 付费观众 
football spectator 足球比赛的观众 
This year's festival attracted 87 000 spectators. 今年的节日活动吸引了87，000名观众。
The stadium will seat 60 000 spectators. 该体育场将能容纳6万名观众。
Spectators lined the route of the president's walkabout. 围观群众在总统要经过的路上列队等候。
spectator event, spectator sport 吸引很多观众的活动，吸引很多观众的体育项目

vt. [非正式] finish sb (off) 使某人失去耐心而不能再去做某事:
vi.（速度比赛或其他比赛、事件结束时）获得某个名次:
n. [C, U] 在某事物的表面所进行的最后一道抛光；还可指抛光完毕后的表面状况:
vt.＆vi. 1 因为已完成而停止做某事（或停止制作某东西），即完成，做好:
2（某事）结束；使（某事）结束:
n. 1 [C, usually sing.] 某事物的最后部分或结尾、结局:
2 [C, U] 对某事物所进行的最后的细节处理（以使其完整）:
vt. finish sth (off/up) 用尽（某事物的剩余部分）:
vt. finish sth (off/up) 吃完（食物的剩余部分）:
vt. finish sth (off/up) 喝光（饮料的剩余部分）:
n. [C, U] 在某事物的表面所刷上或涂上的最后一层油漆、最后一道抛光等；还可指刷漆或抛光完毕后的表面状况:
vt. finish sth (off/up) 用尽（某事物的剩余部分）:
vt. [非正式] finish sb (off) 使某人筋疲力尽而不能再去做某事:
vi.（速度比赛或其他比赛结束时）获得某个名次:
n. [C, U] 在某事物的表面所刷上或涂上的最后一层油漆、最后一道抛光等；还可指刷漆或抛光完毕后的表面状况:
finish |['fɪnɪʃ]
A lecture from my parents now would just finish me. 现在父母教训我简直会使我受不了。
She was delighted to finish second. 她为竞赛得了第二名而高兴。
He finished 12 seconds outside the world record. 他的赛跑成绩比世界纪录慢12秒。
The dollar finished the day slightly down. 当日结束时美元汇率略有下降。
furniture available in a range of finishes 有各种光泽处理的家具 
This paint has a gloss finish. 这种漆的光泽度很好。
Sand the wood to a fine finish using steel wool. 用钢丝球打磨抛光木材。
to finish homework 完成家庭作业 
She finished law school last year. 她去年毕业于法学院。
He hasn’t finished speaking. 他还没有讲完。
Let me just finish what I’m doing. 让我把手上的活儿干完吧。
The play finished at 10.30. 比赛于10:30结束。
The evening finished with a few songs. 晚会在几首歌曲中结束了。
A cup of coffee finished the meal perfectly. 饭后一杯咖啡，美餐圆满结束。
a dramatic finish to the race 赛跑的戏剧性结局 
a sprint finish 最后的冲刺 
finish line（美）终点线 
It was the perfect finish to a wonderful day. 这真是给美好的一天画上了个圆满的句号。
They fought bravely right to the finish. 他们英勇战斗到最后。
The bows will give a feminine finish to the curtains. 窗帘最后配上蝴蝶结显出女性的柔美。
This trim really does give the garment a professional finish. 这件衣服的最后一道工序镶边做得非常专业。
We might as well finish up the cake. 我们倒不如把蛋糕吃完。
He finished off his drink with one large gulp. 他一大口喝完了饮料。
furniture available in a range of finishes 有各种光泽处理的家具 
decorative finish 装饰面 
painted finish 油漆过的表面 
shiny finish 闪亮的表面 
a guitar with a natural wood finish 有着自然木头光泽的吉他 
floor, wall finish 地板表面；墙面 
This paint has a gloss finish. 这种漆的光泽度很好。
Sand the wood to a fine finish using steel wool. 用钢丝球打磨抛光木材。
a door handle with a metallic finish 镀金属的门把手
Climbing that hill really finished me off. 登那座山真把我累坏了。
He finished 12 seconds outside the world record. 他的比赛成绩比世界纪录慢12秒。
furniture available in a range of finishes 有各种光泽处理的家具 
decorative finish 装饰面 
painted finish 油漆过的表面 
polished finish 打磨过的表面 
mirror, shiny finish 镜面般的表面；闪亮的表面 
floor, wall finish 地板的表面；墙壁的表面 
This paint has a gloss finish. 这种漆的光泽度很好。
Make sure the surface is clean and smooth before the finish is applied. 在做最后一道工序前要确保表面光洁。
Sand the wood to a fine finish using steel wool. 用钢丝球打磨抛光木材。
a door handle with a metallic finish 镀金属的门把手 

adj. 1（一个人）看起来令人愉悦的，尤指性感的:
2（一个事物或地方）令人愉悦的、吸引人的:
3（某事物）具有吸引人的品质或特征（因而值得去拥有）的，相当于appealing:
attractive |[ə'træktɪv]
She looked attractive and beautifully dressed. 她看上去很迷人，穿得也很漂亮。
He had grown more attractive with age. 随着年龄的增长，他变得更加有魅力。
an attractive garden 美丽的花园 
the less attractive aspects of her personality 她个性中不太讨人喜欢的一些方面 
attractive offer, attractive proposition 诱人的提议 
a visually attractive display 视觉效果好的一次展示 
The policy is superficially attractive, but unlikely to work. 这项政策表面上不错，但很可能行不通。

adj. [正式]（一个问题）可解决的；可解的:
adj. ~ (in sth) 可溶的:
soluble |[ˈsɒljəbl;美ˈsɑ:l-]
soluble aspirin 可溶性阿司匹林 
It is a highly soluble gas. 这是一种高溶解性气体。
Glucose is soluble in water. 葡萄糖可溶于水。
Uranium is soluble in sea water. 铀可溶解于海水。
The salt was easily soluble in water. 盐易溶于水。
The red dye on the leather is water-soluble. 皮革上的这种红色染料可溶于水。
fat-soluble vitamins 脂溶性的维生素      

adj. [常含贬义] 太过关心不重要的琐事的，尤指对别人不友好，如小气的、狭隘的、小题大做的:
adj. 1 [常用于名词前] [常含贬义]（问题、规则、争吵等）琐碎的、不重要的:
2 [常用于名词前] [常含贬义]（人或行为）不太重要的、不太严重的:
petty |[ˈpeti]
How could you be so petty? 你怎么那么小气呢？
He was petty-minded and obsessed with detail. 他小肚鸡肠，满脑子都是鸡毛蒜皮的事儿。
I think that attitude is a bit petty. 我觉得那种态度有点小题大做。
endless rules and petty regulations 没完没了的规则和繁复琐碎的规定 
petty squabbles 小口角 
He was miserable all the time and rows would start over petty things. 他总是愁眉苦脸的，常因琐事发怒。
petty crime, petty theft (= that is not very serious) 轻微罪行；轻微偷窃 
petty corruption 轻度腐败 
petty criminal, petty thief 轻罪犯；小窃贼 
a petty bureaucrat/official (= who does not have much power or authority, although they might pretend to) 小官僚；小官员
