rectify				改正，修复
reproduce						复制，再现，繁衍
panorama				全景，概述
immune				免疫的，受保护的，豁免的
march							齐步走，使行进，进展
elegant								优雅的，简明的
location				地方，位置
on location			外景
cemetery					墓地
submarine				潜艇，海底的
prior					在先的，优先的
convention				大会，习俗，惯例，公约
memorial					纪念碑，纪念物
vocabulary						词汇，词汇量，词汇表
document					文件，记录，用文件证明
desperate					绝望的，极渴望的，极严重的
speculate				猜测，投机
expectation					预料，希望
layman				外行
count								数数，计算，重要，认为
suicide				自杀，自毁
preside				担任主席，主持
monarch				君主
elect									选举，选择
below					在...下面
consequence					结果，重要性
bargain							协议，便宜货，讲条件
partner					合伙人，伙伴
visa							签证
importance								重要性
excess						过量，过多的
\\\\\\\\

If you rectify something that is wrong, you change it so that it becomes correct or satisfactory. 矫正; 改正
rectify |英 ['rektɪfaɪ]  美 ['rɛktɪfaɪ]| vt. 改正；精馏；整流/
Only an act of Congress could rectify the situation.只有国会的法案才能扭转这种局面。


vt. 再次产生；以相同的方式使某事再次发生:
vt.&vi.（人、动物、植物等）繁殖:
vt. 模仿:
vt. 复制图片、文本等:
reproduce |[ˌri:prəˈdju:s;美-ˈdu:s]
The characters of the novel are faithfully reproduced in the movie. 小说中的人物在影片中得到了忠实再现。
The effect has proved hard to reproduce. 事实证明，这种效果很难再现。
a society where women are defined by their ability to reproduce 用生育能力衡量女性价值的社会 
We are reproducing ourselves at such a rate that our numbers threaten the ecology of the planet. 我们的繁衍速度太快，以至于人口数量对地球的生态系统造成了威胁。
Most reptiles reproduce by laying eggs on land. 大多数爬行动物通过在陆地产卵进行繁殖。
cells reproducing themselves (= making new ones) 自我繁殖的细胞 
Many single cell organisms reproduce by splitting in two. 很多单细胞生物体是通过分裂成两个细胞而繁殖的。
I shall not try to reproduce the policemen's English. 我不会试图去模仿那个警察讲的英语。
If we can reproduce the form we have shown in the last couple of months we will be successful. 如果我们能模仿前两个月的形式，我们就会成功。
It is illegal to reproduce these worksheets without permission from the publisher. 未经出版者许可翻印这些习题是违法的。
The article may not be reproduced without written permission of the author. 这篇文章未经作者书面同意不得复制。
We are grateful to you for permission to reproduce this article. 非常感谢您允许我们复印这篇文章。
These works were popular and widely reproduced. 这些作品很受欢迎并被广泛复制。
The painting is reproduced here by courtesy of the Tate Gallery. 这幅画承蒙国家美术馆的许可而复制。
The painting is reproduced very accurately. 这幅画复制得和原作一模一样。
The map is reproduced here from a Victorian original. 这幅地图是根据维多利亚时代的正本复制的。
Photographs can be easily reproduced with a negative. 照片可以很容易地用底片翻拍出来。
They do not reproduce well in print. 这些东西翻印得不清楚。
The photocopier reproduces colours very well. 这台复印机复制的色彩效果很好。
It is difficult to reproduce a signature exactly. 复制一模一样的签名很难。
Writing grew out of an attempt to reproduce speech in a permanent form. 文字是试图将话语用永久的形式再现的产物。
In her own work she simply reproduces the very conventions that she claims to despise. 在她自己的作品中，她纯粹是复制了她声称深为鄙视的传统手法。

A panorama is a broad view of a state of affairs or of a constantly changing series of events. 概述; 全貌
A panorama is a view in which you can see a long way over a wide area of land, usually because you are on high ground. 全景; 远景
panorama |英 [pænə'rɑːmə]  美 [,pænə'ræmə]| n. 全景，全貌；全景画；概论/
The play presents a panorama of the history of communism.这出戏展现了共产主义历史的全貌。
Horton looked out over a panorama of fertile valleys and gentle hills.霍顿眺望着那一片肥沃山谷和平缓山脉的景象。


adj. [名词前不常用] ~ (from sth) 受保护；免除；豁免:
adj. 1 [名词前不常用] ~ (to sth) 不受某事影响的:
2 [名词前不常用] ~ (from sth) 受保护；免除；豁免:
adj. 1 [名词前不常用] ~ (to sth) 对疾病有免疫力的:
2（人体的反应等）免疫的，免疫系统的:
immune |[ɪˈmju:n]
Members of the Bundestag are immune from prosecution for corruption. 德国联邦议院的成员可免受贪腐罪的起诉。
He seems to believe that the president is somehow immune from criticism. 他似乎相信总统出于某种原因可以免受批评。
She's quite immune to criticism. 批评对她起不了什么作用。
Whilst Marc did gradually harden himself to the poverty, he did not become immune to the sight of death. 尽管马克逐渐对贫困现象无动于衷，但他对于死亡的惨象还是不免动容。
Football is not immune to economic recession. 足球不可能不受到经济衰退的影响。
Children are far from immune to the cruelty that is latent in all humans. 每个人本性中都潜藏着残忍的一面，儿童也不例外。
Members of the Bundestag are immune from prosecution for corruption. 德国联邦议院的成员可免受贪腐罪的起诉。
No one is immune from scandal. 谁都难免会有丑闻。
He seems to believe that the president is somehow immune from criticism. 他似乎相信总统出于某种原因可以免受批评。
Adults are often immune to German measles. 成人往往对风疹有免疫力。
This blood test will show whether or not you're immune to the disease. 这个血检会显示你是否对这种疾病具有免疫力。
Most adults are immune to Rubella. 大多数成人对风疹具有免疫力。
The vaccination doesn't necessarily make you completely immune. 接种这种疫苗并不一定能完全免疫。
It is hoped the procedure will trigger an immune response that will wipe out HIV-infected cells while leaving non-infected cells unharmed. 希望这一治疗会激发免疫反应，清除感染了艾滋病病毒的细胞，同时又不损伤未感染细胞。

vt.＆vi. 时间推移，常为比喻用法:
n. [C] 时间的推移:
vt.＆vi. 1 坚定而快速地走向某地:
2 迫使某人与你一起同行:
n. [C] 以部队行进的方式来行走:
vt.＆vi. 迫使某人与你一起同行:
n. [C] the march of sth为单数名词，表示某事物的稳步发展或进展，常为比喻用法:
n. [C] 进行曲:
vt.＆vi.（使）士兵以僵硬而有规律的步调走路，即（使）齐步走，行军，或其它主体与此类似的行进方式:
n. [C] 行进，行军:
vt.＆vi. 为了抗议或示威而游行。与demonstrate近义:
n. [C] 抗议游行或示威游行:
march |[mɑːtʃ][mɑːtʃ]
Time marches inexorably on and we still have not made a decision. 时间不断流逝，而我们仍未做决定。
The clock marched onward to the year 2020. 时钟迈向2020年。
the march of time 时间的推移
She marched over to me and demanded an apology. 她毅然走过来，要我向她道歉。
to briskly march 脚步轻快地行进 
They marched proudly onto the football field. 他们自豪地步入足球场。
The guards marched the prisoner away. 卫兵押着囚犯离开了。
There will be a special march past of competitors.（英）参赛者将列队走过主席台。
The guards marched the prisoner away. 卫兵押着囚犯离开了。
the forward march of technology 技术的进步 
the march of history, the march of progress, the march of science 历史的进程；发展的进程；科学的进程 
the steady march towards equality 稳步迈向平等的征程
military march 军队进行曲 
funeral, wedding march 葬礼进行曲；婚礼进行曲 
slow march 徐缓的进行曲
Soldiers were marching up and down. 士兵们来回练习队列行进。
conscripts learning to march in step 正在学习齐步走的入伍者 
Quick march!（口令）齐步走！
They marched 20 miles to reach the capital. 他们行进了20英里才到达首都。
The invading army marched on Rome. 入侵的军队向罗马进发。
long march 长途行军 
forced march 强行军 
fifty-mile march 五十英里的行军 
the army’s line of march 部队的行军路线 
the march eastward 东进 
The army has been on the march for two weeks. 部队已连续行军两个星期了。
to march against the war 游行示威反对战争 
to march for peace 为争取和平而游行 
The demonstrators marched on the British embassy. 示威者向英国大使馆进发。
hunger, peace, protest, victory march 反饥饿游行；反战游行；抗议游行；胜利游行 
peaceful march 和平游行

adj. 1（人或其行为、举止）有一种美好的风格和魅力的，即优美的，文雅的，相当于stylish:
2（衣服、地方、事物）有吸引力且设计精良的，如雅致的，讲究的，精美的:
adj.（计划或想法）聪明但简洁的，简要的，简练的。具有一定的褒义:
elegant |['elɪgənt]
She was tall and elegant. 她身材修长，优雅大方。
his elegant wife 他优雅的妻子 
elegant dress 高雅的连衣裙 
elegant room, elegant restaurant 雅致的房间；雅致的餐厅 
the beautifully elegant spire of the church 教堂那座漂亮雅致的尖塔 
an elegant solution to the problem 解决这个问题的简要方法

n. [C]（…发生或存在的）地点、位置:
n. [C, U]（电影的）外景拍摄地:
n. [U] 定位:
location |[ləʊˈkeɪʃn;美loʊ-]
The first thing he looked at was his office's location. 他首先看的是自己办公室的位置。
Macau's newest small luxury hotel has a beautiful location. 澳门最新的小型豪华饭店地理位置优美。
a honeymoon in a secret location 在一个秘密地点度的蜜月 
The meeting is taking place at a secret location. 会议正在一个秘密的地方举行。
She knew the exact location of The Eagle's headquarters. 她知道“飞鹰”总部的确切地点。
What is the exact location of the ship? 那条船的确切位置在哪里？
We still do not know the precise location of the crash. 我们还不知道撞车事故的确切地点。
The equipment allows sailors to read their geographical coordinates for any given location. 这台设备使得水手能够读出任何特定位置的地理坐标。
geographic（尤美）, geographical（尤英）, physical location 地理位置；实际位置 
Fees vary depending on geographic location. 费用因地理位置不同而不同。
The map shows the exact location of the mine. 地图上标出了矿藏的准确位置。
He couldn't pinpoint her exact location because of some kind of interference. 由于某种干扰，他无法确定她的准确位置。
A mountain in the Rockies became the location for a film about Everest. 落基山脉中的一座山成了一部有关珠穆朗玛峰的电影的外景拍摄地。
The movie was shot entirely on location in Italy. 这部影片完全是在意大利外景拍摄的。
an art movie with dozens of exotic locations 在众多异域之地取景的艺术片 
We're shooting on location. 我们正在拍摄外景。

n. [C]（尤指不靠近教堂的）墓地，坟地，公墓:
cemetery |[ˈsemətri;美-teri]
local cemetery 当地墓地 
public cemetery 公共墓地 
He was buried in a private cemetery. 他埋在私人墓地。
military cemetery 军人墓地 
Catholic, Jewish cemetery 天主教墓地；犹太教墓地 
pet cemetery 宠物墓地 
to visit the cemetery 去墓地凭吊          

n. [C]（缩略形式为sub）（也可用submarine sandwich, hero）[均美]（用长卷面包纵向切开，内夹各种食物的）长卷三明治、潜艇三明治:
adj. [只用于名词前] [术语] 位于水下的:
n. [C]（缩略形式为sub）潜艇:
submarine |[ˌsʌbməˈri:n;ˈsʌbməri:n]
submarine caves 海底洞穴 
submarine plants 海底植物 
submarine cables 海底电缆
conventional submarine 常规潜艇 
nuclear, nuclear-powered submarine 核潜艇；核动力潜艇 
midget, miniature 小型潜艇；微型潜艇 
enemy submarine 敌方潜艇 
the problem of submarines operating too close to fishing vessels 潜艇活动过于靠近渔船的问题 
attack submarines equipped with advanced anti-ship weapons 配有先进反舰武器的进攻性潜艇 submarines carrying nuclear warheads 携带核弹头的潜艇 
submarine captain, submarine commander, submarine crew 潜艇舰长；潜艇指挥官；潜艇官兵 
submarine base，submarine fleet潜艇基地；潜艇舰队 
submarine attack, submarine warfare潜艇攻击；潜艇战

adj. 1 [只用于名词前] 发生或存在于某事（或某时）之前的:
2 prior to [正式] 在某事之前:
n. [C] 小修道院院长；大修道院副院长:
adj. [只用于名词前]（所有权、责任）已经存在因而更重要的，即有优先权的、较重要的:
prior |[ˈpraɪə(r)]
Although not essential, some prior knowledge of statistics is desirable. 统计学的知识虽非必要，但最好是学过一点。
He claimed he had no prior knowledge of the protest. 他声称自己事先并不知道这次抗议的事。
Visits are by prior arrangement. 参观需要事先安排。
She will be unable to attend because of a prior engagement. 因事先有别的安排，她将不能出席。
Please give us prior notice if you need an evening meal. 需用晚餐者，请预先通知我们。
prior warning 预先警告 
You will need prior authorization from your bank. 你需要得到银行的预先授权。
This information must not be disclosed without prior written consent. 未事先征得书面许可，此消息不得泄露。
No action can be taken without the prior consent of the owner. 没有物主预先同意，不能采取行动。
The Constitution requires the president to seek the prior approval of Congress for military action. 宪法规定总统在采取军事行动之前必须获得国会同意。
All development requires the prior approval of the planning authority. 所有开发均需要得到规划部门的预先审批。
He was not allowed to leave the city without the prior permission of the authorities. 得不到权威部门的预先许可，他不能离开这个城市。
during the week prior to the meeting 在开会前的一周内 
You should receive your flight tickets at least a week prior to departure. 你会在启程前至少一周内收到机票。
Prior to his Japan trip, he went to New York. 在去日本之前，他去了纽约。
A man seen hanging around the area prior to the shooting could have been involved. 在枪杀案发生之前，有人目睹一位男子在这附近游荡，该男子可能与此案有关。
The floorboards were replaced prior to completion of the sale. 销售完成之前，木地板已更换。
They have a prior claim to the property. 他们有权优先获得该处房产。
She had a prior claim on his affections. 她有权优先得到他的疼爱。
The firm I wanted to use had prior commitments. 我想选用的这家公司已有约在先。

n. [C]（某个职业或专业组织、某一政党等的）大型的会议或集会。相当于conference:
n. [C]（国家、组织或首脑间的）官方协议，如公约、协定:
n. [C, U] 社会中大多数人认为礼貌或正确的做事方式，如习俗:
n. [C, U] 社会中大多数人认为礼貌或正确的做事方式，如常规、惯例:
n. 1 [C, U] 社会中大多数人认为礼貌或正确的做事方式，如传统:
2 [C, U]（文学、艺术或戏剧的）传统手法或传统风格:
convention |[kənˈvenʃn]
the annual convention of the Society of Professional Journalists 职业新闻工作者协会年度大会 
annual convention 年会 
international, national convention 国际大会；全国大会 
constitutional, nominating（美）, party, political, presidential convention 制宪会议；提名大会；党代表大会；政治会议；总统会议 
A constitutional convention was elected to try to agree on a new form of government. 选举产生了制宪会议，以努力就新的政体达成一致。
the Democratic Party Convention (= to elect a candidate for president) 民主党代表大会（选出总统候选人）
She was at the Democratic convention. 她参加了民主党代表大会。
He addressed the annual Republican convention. 他在共和党年会上讲了话。
convention centre, convention hall（美） 会议中心；会议厅 
convention floor（美） 大会会众席 
journalists reporting from the convention floor 在会议会众席进行报道的记者 
convention attendee（美）, convention chair, convention chairman, convention delegate, convention organizer, convention speaker 与会者；大会主席；会议代表；大会组织者；大会发言人 
delegates to a convention 会议的代表们 
Dallas is one of the top convention cities in the United States. 达拉斯是美国最顶级的会议城市之一。
global, international convention 全球公约；国际公约 
European convention 欧洲公约 
human rights convention 人权公约 
draft convention 公约草案 
the Geneva convention 日内瓦公约 
the United Nations convention on the rights of the child 联合国儿童权利公约 
the UN convention on climate change 联合国有关气候变化的公约 
the 1951 United Nations Convention on refugees 1951年关于难民的联合国公约 
the Berne Convention for the Conservation of European Wildlife《伯尔尼保护欧洲野生动物公约》
Most countries have adhered to the convention. 大多数国家都遵守这项公约。
This practice breaches the arms convention. 这一做法违反了武器公约。
a convention governing the conditions under which mining is permitted 规定采矿批准条件的公约 
The convention established procedures for the transport of toxic waste. 这一公约规定了运输有毒废物的程序。
This is forbidden under the European Convention on Human Rights.《欧洲人权公约》禁止这种行为。
the 1869 convention between Turkey and Persia 1869年土耳其和波斯之间的公约 
a breach of a convention 对公约的违反
It's just a social convention that men don't wear skirts. 男人不穿裙子只是一种社会习俗。
the rigid social conventions of Victorian Britain 英国维多利亚时期僵化的社会习俗 
They followed the Greek convention of pinning gifts of money to the bride's dress. 他们遵循希腊习俗，把钱作为礼物别在新娘的礼服上。
She knew that she had broken an important social convention. 她知道自己违反了一个重要的社会习俗。
She is a young woman who enjoys flouting conventions. 她是一位喜欢无视传统习俗的年轻女子。
Despite her wish to defy convention, she had become pregnant and married at 21. 尽管她不想遵循传统习俗，但她还是在21岁的时候就怀孕并且结婚了。
In a surprising break with convention, she wore a red wedding dress. 她打破习俗，出人意料地穿了一件红色婚纱。
polite convention（尤英） 礼貌习俗 
Her work refuses any concession to polite conventions of ‘good taste’. 她的作品拒绝迎合“高品位”的礼貌习俗。
cultural, legal convention 文化惯例；法律惯例 
By convention the deputy leader was always a woman. 按惯例，这一领导职务的副职总是由女性担任。
It's an established convention that the part is played by a woman. 由女性扮演这个角色已成惯例。
Convention dictated that dangerous physical action is the part of heroes, not heroines. 惯例要求男主角做危险的身体动作，而不是女主角。
By convention, planets are named after Roman gods. 根据惯例，行星是以罗马神话中诸神的名字命名的。
No young politician can afford to flout convention in this way. 没有哪个年轻的从政者敢于以这样的方式无视传统。
artistic, cinematic, comic, dramatic, journalistic, literary, narrative, operatic, poetic convention 艺术的传统手法；电影的传统手法；喜剧的传统手法；戏剧的传统手法；新闻的传统手法；文学的传统手法；叙述的传统手法；歌剧的传统手法；诗歌的传统手法 
The novel refuses to conform to the narrative conventions of 19th century realism. 这部小说拒绝沿用19世纪现实主义的叙述套路。
orthographic, spelling, rhetorical convention 拼写惯例；修辞的习惯用法 
He challenged the conventions of painting. 他挑战绘画的传统手法。
the conventions of Greek tragedy 希腊悲剧的传统手法 
the stylistic conventions of Egyptian art 埃及艺术的传统风格 
We go offstage and come back for the convention of the encore. 按照加演的传统做法，我们走到后台后又再次返场。

n. 1 [C] 纪念著名的历史事件或已故去的著名人物的雕像或石碑，即纪念碑，纪念雕像。与monument有很大一部分交集，在交集部分未见明显差别:
2 [C] 对已故去的人等有纪念意义的事物，即纪念物:
3 [C] 纪念活动:
adj. 只作前置定语，指被做成（或创建成）以纪念故去的人的，即纪念性的:
memorial |[mɪ'mɔ:rɪəl]
to build a memorial to him 给他建一座纪念碑 
to unveil a memorial 为纪念碑揭幕 
a memorial to victims of the Holocaust 大屠杀遇难者纪念碑 
war memorial 战争纪念碑 
living memorial 活的纪念碑 
This ruin became a memorial for the victims of the bombing. 这处废墟变成了那次大轰炸遇难者的纪念碑。
The museum will serve as a memorial to the millions who died for the country in the war. 这座博物馆将成为在那场战争中为国牺牲的数百万人的纪念馆。
The statue is a lasting memorial to those who died in the war. 这座雕像是对那些在战争中死去的人们的永久纪念。
to hold a memorial for the event 为该事件举行纪念活动 
a memorial of my husband 对我丈夫的悼念 
the national memorial of the Algerian War 为阿尔及利亚战争举行的全国性纪念活动 
memorial statue 纪念雕像 
memorial ceremony, memorial service 纪念仪式；追悼会

n. 1 [C, U] 一个人所掌握或使用的全部词汇，即词汇量:
2 [C, U] 根据重要性、常用程度、语体的正式与非正式、教学目的等标准所划分出的某种词汇:
3 [C, U] 某一门语言的全部词汇，即词汇量:
4 [C, U] 某一学科中人们所使用的词汇:
5 [C, U] 附有释义的一张词汇表（尤指外语学习书籍中附有释义的词汇表），vocab为其非正式用法:
vocabulary |[və'kæbjələrɪ]
big vocabulary 庞大的词汇量 
limited vocabulary 有限的词汇量 
vocabulary list 词汇表 
basic, key vocabulary 基础词汇；重点词汇 
formal vocabulary 正式词汇 
everyday vocabulary 日常词汇  
specialized vocabulary 专业词汇 
common vocabulary 通用词汇 
active, expressive vocabulary 积极词汇；产出性词汇 
passive, receptive vocabulary 消极词汇；接受性词汇 
a new word in the German vocabulary 德语词汇中的一个新词 
English has a rich vocabulary. 英语有着丰富的词汇。
business, musical, political, scientific vocabulary 商业词汇；音乐词汇；政治词汇；科技词汇 
the essential vocabulary for tourism 旅游基本词汇 
advertising vocabulary 广告词汇 

vt.（用文字、影像或声音等）记录或记载…的细节或详情:
n. [C] 含有文本的计算机文档。在含义上隶属于file:
n. [C] 官方或正式的文件（可提供…的信息，或可用作证据或证明），即文件；公文；文献；证件等。是一个基础用词，含义极广:
vt. 用文件证明…:
document |['dɒkjumənt]
Causes of the disease have been well documented. 这种疾病的起因已有了完备的记载。
He wrote a book documenting his prison experiences. 他写了一本书，记录他的牢狱经历。
electronic document 电子文件 
Save the document before closing. 关闭前要保存文件。
court, government, legal, official document 法庭文件；政府文件；法律文件；官方文件 
policy document 政策文件 
travel document 旅行证件 
contract document 合同文件 
guidance document 指导性文件 
historical document 历史文献 
internal document 内部文件 
original document 原始文件 
attached document 作为附件的文件 
confidential, sensitive document 机密文件；敏感文件
documented evidence 有文件证明的证据

desperate (to do sth) 通常不用于名词前，非常需要（或想要）某东西的:
adj. 1 感到（或流露出）绝望并准备不惜冒险去做任何事的，即不顾一切的，拼命的:
2 常用于名词前，（行为）对成功不抱希望的；其他均已失败后再去进行尝试的。即绝望的，孤注一掷的，铤而走险的:
adj.（一种情况）极其严重的，或极其危险的:
desperate |['despərɪt]
adj. desperate (for sth) 
He was so desperate for a job he would have done anything. 他当时太想找份工作了，什么事都愿意干。
I was absolutely desperate to see her. 我极想见到她。
a desperate man 走投无路的男人 
She felt utterly desperate. 她彻底绝望了。
Stores are getting desperate after two years of poor sales. 两年来销路不畅，商店不惜冒起险来。
a desperate bid for freedom 孤注一掷争取自由的努力 
desperate measures 铤而走险的措施 
Doctors were fighting a desperate battle to save the little girl’s life. 医生们不惜一切地奋力抢救小女孩的生命。
I heard sounds of a desperate struggle in the next room. 我听到隔壁房间里有拼命挣扎的声音。
She clung to the edge in a desperate attempt to save herself. 为了活命，她拼命抓住边缘。
The children are in desperate need of love and attention. 这些孩子非常需要爱心和关怀。
a desperate shortage of clean water 洁净水的严重短缺

vt.&vi. ~ (about/on sth) 在不知道全部细节或事实的前提下形成观点，如猜测、推测:
vi. ~ (in/on sth) 商业投机（即通过倒卖货物、不动产、股票等来获利，同时面临着损失的风险）:
speculate |[ˈspekjuleɪt]
We all speculated about the reasons for her resignation. 我们大家都推测过她辞职的原因。
It is useless to speculate why he did it. 对他为什么这么做妄加猜测毫无用处。
We can speculate that the stone circles were used in some sort of pagan ceremony. 我们可以推测，这些石头排成的圆圈是用于某种异教崇拜仪式的。
Critics of the project speculate about how many hospitals could be built instead. 对该项目持批评态度的人在推测如果改作他用不知可以建多少所医院。
It would be unfair to Debby's family to speculate on the reasons for her suicide. 猜测黛比自杀的原因对她的家人来说是不公平的。
Commentators are openly speculating on whether the accusation is false. 评论家们公开推测这一指控是不是诬告。
The British press speculated wildly about his disappearance. 对于他的失踪，英国媒体给出了各种各样不着边际的猜测。
Both sides are free to speculate on the other's motives. 双方可以随意推测对方的动机。
It would seem entirely reasonable to speculate that tribal loyalties influenced the outcome of the election. 对部落的效忠精神影响了选举结果，这一推测很有道理。
It would be premature to speculate as to the outcome at this stage. 这个时候就推测结果还为时尚早。
There was no point in speculating about the possibility of them getting back together. 推测他们是否会重归于好毫无意义。
We can only speculate as to this man's identity. 对于这名男子的身份我们只能猜测。
He refused to speculate on her reasons for leaving. 他不想去猜测她离开的原因。
He likes to speculate on the stock market. 他喜欢炒股。
Big farmers are moving in, not in order to farm, but in order to speculate with rising land prices. 大农场主正在不断涌进来，不是为了耕作，而是要利用不断上涨的地价进行投机。
The banks made too many risky loans which now can't be repaid, and they speculated in property whose value has now dropped. 各银行贷出去太多高风险贷款，目前无法收回，他们还进行地产投机，而地产的价值目前已经下跌了。

n. [U, C] 认为:
n. 1 [C, usually pl., U] 希望（发生某件好事），即希望，盼望:
2 [C, usually pl.] 对某事的发生方式或某人的行为方式的一种强烈的、近乎不切实际的期望（或指望）:
expectation (that ...)（因某事很可能发生而）认为某事将发生，即预料、预期:
expectation |[͵ekspek'teɪʃn]
There was a general expectation that he would win. 普遍认为他会获胜。
She went to college with great expectations. 她满怀希望地进了大学。
The results exceeded our expectations. 结果超出了我们的期望。
The numbers attending fell short of expectations. 出席的人数比期望的要少。
The event did not live up to expectations. 这项比赛有负众望。
Some parents have unrealistic expectations of their children. 有的父母对孩子的期望不切实际。
Unfortunately, the new software has failed to meet expectations. 遗憾的是新软件并不理想。
customer expectation 顾客预期 
market expectation 市场预期 
economic expectation 经济预期 
earnings expectation 收入预期 
career, life expectation 职业生涯的预期；寿命预期
The expectation is that property prices will rise. 预计地产价格会上涨。
Contrary to expectations, interest rates did not rise. 出乎意料的是利率并未上升。

A layman is a person who is not trained, qualified, or experienced in a particular subject or activity. 外行人
layman |英 ['leɪmən]  美 ['lemən]| n. 外行；门外汉；俗人；一般信徒/n. (Layman)人名；(英)莱曼/
The mere mention of the words "heart failure" can conjure up, to the layman, the prospect of imminent death.一提到“心力衰竭”几个字，外行人就会想到立即死亡。


count as sb/sth 以某种方式来看待…，即认为，看作，算作；被以某种方式来看待…，即被认为，被看作，被算作:
vi. count (from sb) (to/up to sth)（按正确顺序）数数:
vt.＆vi. count (sth) (up) 计算（或清点）一个群体中的人、事物等的总数:
vt. 计算总数的时候把…包括在内，即算在内:
n. 1 [usually sing.] 数出总数:
2 [usually sing.]（从1开始按顺序所做的）数数或点数:
n. 1 [usually sing.] 所数出的总数:
2 [usually sing.] [术语]（某物质或某面积中所包含的某事物的）量的计数，即数目，数量:
n. [usually pl.]（讨论或争论的）论点，观点，问题，事项，相当于point，不过远没有point常用:
vt.＆vi. 被正式接受、接纳或认可；正式接受、接纳或认可:
n. [C] 在欧洲一些国家可指一种贵族封号——伯爵，相当于英国的earl:
n. [C] 某人被指控所犯下的罪行:
vi. count (for sth) 重要。相当于matter，但不如matter常用:
count |[kaʊnt][kaʊnt]
vt.＆vi. count sb/sth (as) sb/sth 
For tax purposes that money counts/is counted as income. 那笔钱算作收入，需要纳税。
I count him among my closest friends. 我把他看作我一个最亲密的朋友。
I count myself lucky to have known him. 和他相识，我觉得很幸运。
Billy can’t count yet. 比利还不会数数。
to count from 1 to 10 从1数到10 
The diet is based on counting calories. 这个饮食安排以热量统计为根据。
She began to count up how many guests they had to invite. 她开始计算他们得邀请多少位客人。
There are 12 weeks to go, counting from today. 从今天算起还有12个星期。
We have invited 50 people, not counting the children. 不算小孩，我们邀请了50人。
We did a quick count of the children and there were none missing. 我们很快地数了数孩子，一个都不少。
He was knocked to the ground and stayed down for a count of eight.（拳击用语）他被击倒在地，躺在地上直至数到八。
The body count stands at 24. 死亡人数总计为24人。
total count 总数 
accurate count 准确的计数 
low count 低计数 
blood, calorie count 血细胞计数；卡路里计数 
pollen count 花粉计数 
The company now has a head count of around 70 staff. 该公司现有大约70名员工。
I disagree with you on both counts. 我对你的两种观点均不敢苟同。
Don’t go over that line or your throw won’t count. 别越过那条线，否则你的投掷就会被判无效。
Applications received after 1 July will not be counted. 7月1日以后收到的申请书将不予受理。
Count Tolstoy 托尔斯泰伯爵 
a Polish count 波兰伯爵
She appeared in court on three counts of fraud. 她因三项诈骗罪而出庭受审。
felony count（美）重罪指控 
to be charged with two counts of murder 被控两项谋杀罪状
Every point in this game counts. 这场比赛每一分都很重要。
The fact that she had apologized counted for nothing with him. 她已道歉，但他认为这是没有用的。
It’s the thought that counts. 贵在心意。
What counts is what they do with the money. 重要的是他们用这笔钱做什么。

n. 1 [U, C] 蓄意自杀:
2 [C] [正式] 自杀者:
n. [U] 在社会上对自己的职业生涯、职位等的自毁行为、自取灭亡的行为:
suicide |[ˈsu:ɪsaɪd;BritishEnglishalsoˈsju:ɪ-]
She tried to commit suicide on several occasions. 她自杀过好几次。
a case of attempted suicide 自杀未遂事件 
collective, mass, double suicide 集体自杀；双双自杀 
Members of the sect committed mass suicide. 那个教派的成员集体自杀了。
adolescent, teen, teenage, youth suicide 青少年自杀 
assisted, doctor-assisted（尤美）, physician-assisted（尤美）辅助性自杀；医助自杀 
Her death was ruled an apparent suicide. 她的死被判定为明显的自杀。
the ritual suicide of a widow on her husband's funeral pyre 寡妇在丈夫的火葬柴堆上进行的仪式性自杀 
There is no evidence that he is a suicide risk. 没有证据表明他要自杀。
suicide bid（英）自杀尝试 
He slashed his wrists in a failed suicide attempt. 他割腕自杀未遂。
The couple died together in a suicide pact. 这对夫妇根据协议双双自杀。
suicide terrorism 自杀式恐怖主义 
suicide letter, suicide note 自杀遗书；自杀遗言 
He died without leaving a suicide note. 他没留下遗言就自杀了。
suicide watch（防止自杀的）自杀监视 
He was put on suicide watch(= checked to make sure he did not commit suicide）earlier in his prison term. 为防止他自杀，关押初期他受到了监视。
suicide prevention 自杀预防 
suicide rate 自杀率 
suicide attacker, suicide bomber, suicide terrorist 自杀式袭击者；人体炸弹；自杀式恐怖分子 
suicide bomb 自杀式炸弹 
suicide attack, suicide bombing, suicide mission, suicide operation 自杀性袭击；自杀式爆炸；自杀式任务；自杀式行动 
a suicide bomb attack on a military convoy 对军事舰队进行的自杀式爆炸袭击 
According to the army, the teenager said he was on a 'suicide mission' for the movement. 军方消息称，这个少年说他正在为这次运动执行“自杀性任务”。
Raising taxes before an election would be political suicide. 选举之前加税无异于断送自己的政治前途。
They say it would be political suicide for the party to abstain. 他们说这个政党弃权无异于自毁政治前程。
electoral 选举中的自我断送 
economic suicide 经济上的自我毁灭 
social suicide（幽默用法）社交上的自我毁灭 
Wearing shoes like that would be social suicide. 穿那样的鞋子无异于社交性死亡。
Quite a few have committed social suicide by writing their boring memoirs. 有一些人因为写那些枯燥无味的回忆录而毁了自己的社会形象。
That's asking them to commit career suicide. 那等于是让他们断送自己的职业生涯。

vi. ~ (at/over sth) 主持一个会议、典礼等:
preside |[prɪˈzaɪd]
the presiding judge 首席法官 
The court was presided over by Judge Owen. 那宗案件由欧文法官主持审理。
They asked if I would preside at the committee meeting. 他们问我是否会主持委员会会议。
to preside over a commission 主持委员会事务 
The party presided over one of the worst economic declines in the country's history (= it was in power when the decline happened).（比喻用法）该党执政时期，国家经历了历史上最严重的经济衰退。

n. [C] 国家统治者，例如国王、女王、君主:
monarch |[ˈmɒnək;美ˈmɑ:nərk;-ɑ:rk]
reigning monarch 在位的君主 
absolute monarch 专制君主 
constitutional monarch 立宪君主 
a new law which limited the power of the monarch 一部限制君主权力的新法律

vt. elect to表示选择（去做某事），为正式用法:
elect sb (as) sth 通过为某人投票而选举其去做某项工作，即选举，推选:
adj. 用于名词后，表示已当选而尚未就职的，即候任的:
elect |[ɪ'lekt][ɪ'lekt]
They elect to work from home. 他们选择在家上班。
vt. elect sb (to sth) 
the newly elected chairman 新当选的主席 
to be elected annually 每年选举一次 
locally, nationally elect 地方选举；全国选举 
democratically elect 民主选举 
the president elect 候任总统

prep.（职位）低于:
adv. 处于一个相对低的职级，即下级:
prep. below ground或below the ground 可表示在地表下:
prep.（数量、比率等）少于；（标准、水平等）低于:
adv.（温度）零度以下:
prep. 在…下面；到…下面:
adv. 在下面；到下面:
prep. 在下文；到下文:
adv. 在下文中:
prep. 1（标准、水平等）低于:
2（级别、地位、重要性）低于:
adv. 处于一个相对低的级别，即下级:
prep.（重要性）低于:
below |[bɪ'ləʊ]
A police sergeant is below an inspector. 巡佐的级别低于巡官。
Such people often experience less stress than those in the ranks immediately below them. 这些人经受的压力通常比那些职位刚好低于他们的人要小。
This ruling applies to the ranks of Inspector and below. 这项规定适用于巡官及以下人员。
900 feet below ground 地表以下900英尺
The temperatures remained below freezing all day. 气温一整天都保持在冰点以下。
Night temperatures can drop below 15 degrees Celsius. 夜间温度可能会降到15摄氏度以下。
The thermometer had dropped to a record 40 below (= -40 degrees). 温度计降到了创纪录的零下40度。
temperatures at zero or below 零度或零度以下
He dived below the surface of the water. 他潜入了水下。
The sun had already sunk below the horizon. 太阳已沉下地平线。
Please do not write below this line. 请不要写到这条线下面。
Skirts will be worn below the knee. 穿裙子要过膝。
an apartment directly below Tom’s 汤姆家正下方的公寓 
They live on the floor below. 他们住在下一层楼。
a view to the street below 楼下街景 
I could still see the airport buildings far below. 我还能远远地看到下方的机场建筑。
See below for references. 见本页末参考资料。
We climbed down a rope-ladder to the boat below. 我们沿着绳梯爬到了下边的小船上。
Please do not write below this line. 请不要写到这条线下面。
Please write to me at the address below. 请按以下地址给我写信。
See below (= at the bottom of the page) for references. 见本页末参考资料。
Her work was well below average for the class. 她的功课远在班上的中等水平以下。

n. [C] consequence (for sb/sth) 已发生之事件的结果。虽然是一个中性词，但常表示不好的结果:
n. [U] [正式] 重要性:
consequence |['kɒnsɪkwəns]
This decision could have serious consequences for the industry. 这项决定可能对该行业造成严重后果。
He drove too fast with tragic consequences. 他开车太快，结果酿成惨剧。
beneficial, good, positive consequence 有益的结果；有利的结果；积极的结果 
economic, emotional, environmental, health, political, social consequence 经济影响；情绪上的影响；环境影响；对健康的影响；政治影响；社会影响 
You must accept the full consequences of your actions. 你必须承担你的行为所造成的全部后果。
It’s of no consequence. 别担心，这无关紧要。
Matters of justice are of great consequence. 司法问题举足轻重。
I’d never done anything of consequence in my life. 我一生中从未干过什么大事。
Tom’s first feature film of any consequence 汤姆第一部有分量的故事片 
The majority of these losses are of little consequence. 这些损失大部分并不严重。

n. [C] bargain (with sb) 一些人或组织之间的协议，尤指正式的商业协议。该协议规定为彼此做某事，是一份交易性的协议，与deal极其类似，不过bargain明显暗示出在达成协议的过程中有一番你来我往的讨价还价:
vi. bargain (with sb) (about/over/for sth) 与某人商定价格、条件等，以达成一个可接受的协议，与negotiate近义，但不如negotiate正式:
n. [C] 减价货，便宜货，但是含褒义:
bargain |['bɑːɡɪn]
I expect you to keep your side of the bargain. 希望你遵守协议。
Finally the two sides struck a bargain. 双方最终达成了协议。
to drive a hard bargain 强迫对方达成对你极为有利的协议 
Her part of the bargain was to provide the food. 说好了她的责任是提供食物。
He was prepared to bargain about money. 他愿意就钱的问题进行商议。
to bargain for a better salary 为争取提高薪水而谈判
I picked up a few good bargains. 我买了几样挺不错的便宜货。
The car was a bargain at that price. 那辆车的价格真便宜。
bargain buy（尤英）买得合算的东西；便宜货 
bargain hunting 寻找减价商品 
bargain basement 廉价商品部 
bargain-basement prices 低价 
bargain bin 减价商品箱

n. [C] 与另一国达成协议的一个组织，即伙伴组织:
n. [C] 配偶或性伴侣。与couple相比，partner更强调各方的合作属性:
n. [C] 与你共同从事某一活动（如跳舞或玩游戏）的一个人，即搭档:
vt. 在跳舞、游戏等活动中成为某人的搭档:
n. [C]（公司等的）合伙人（共同拥有一家公司且共享利润等）:
n. [C] 与另一国达成协议的一个国家或组织，即伙伴国或伙伴组织:
partner |['pɑːtnə]
strategic, trading partner 战略伙伴；贸易伙伴 
Britain’s partner in the aeronautic project 英国在航空工程上的合作伙伴
female partner 女友 
marriage partner 配偶 
sex partner 性伴侣 
committed partner 忠实的伴侣 
unmarried partner 未婚伴侣 
life partner 终生伴侣
tennis, dancing, training, conversational, drinking partner 网球搭档；舞伴；陪练；对话伙伴；酒友 
The old political sparring partners are now firm friends. 这对昔日政治上的老对头现在是挚友。
Gerry offered to partner me at tennis. 格里提出和我搭档打网球。
a partner in a law firm 法律事务所的合伙人 
active, managing partner 参与经营的合伙人；执行合伙人 
senior partner 主要合伙人 
founding partner 创始合伙人 
partner company, partner institution, partner organization 公司的合作伙伴；机构的合作伙伴；组织的合作伙伴 
business, corporate partner 生意伙伴
alliance, coalition partner 盟友 
strategic, trading partner 战略伙伴；贸易伙伴 
Britain’s partner in the aeronautic project 英国在航空工程上的合作伙伴

n. [C] 在护照上所做的签证（由外国官员所做，以允许你进入、经过或离开该国）:
visa |['vi:zə]
entry, exit, transit visa 入境签证；出境签证；过境签证 
tourist, travel, work visa 旅游签证；旅行签证；工作签证 
permanent, temporary visa 永久签证；临时签证 
valid visa 有效签证 
visa applicant, visa holder 签证申请人；签证持有人

n. [U] 重要性。是一个基础且常规的用词，最常用:
importance |[ɪm'pɔ:tns]
They attach great importance to the project. 他们高度重视这个项目。
commercial, strategic importance 商业上的重要意义；战略上的重要意义 
The overseas markets have now declined in importance. 海外市场的重要性现在已经有所下降。
Deal with the issues in order of importance. 按重要程度来处理这些问题。

n. 1 [sing, U] ~ (of sth) 比需要的、合理的或可接受的还多，即超过、过度:
2 [C, U] 超过的数量:
adj. [只用于名词前] 超过必要、通常或合法数量的，如超额的:
n. [pl.] excesses 不可接受的、非法的或不道德的极端行为，如放肆行为、越轨行为:
n. [C, usually sing.] [英] [美用deductible] 保险中的免赔额（即需要自己支付的那部分）:
excess |[ɪkˈses]
Are you suffering from an excess of stress in your life? 你生活中的压力太大吗？
In an excess of enthusiasm I agreed to work late. 我一时热情过度答应了工作到很晚。
His statements cannot be simply dismissed as rhetorical excess. 不能简单地把他的陈述斥之为夸大之词。
verbal excess 话语啰嗦 
alcoholic excess（英）过量饮酒 
He started drinking to excess after losing his job. 他失业后便开始酗酒了。
I was reasonably fit, played a lot of tennis, and didn't smoke or drink to excess. 我相当健康，经常打网球，不怎么吸烟，也不酗酒。
'Avoid excess' is the golden rule for a healthy life. 健康生活的一条黄金法则就是“避免过度”。
Polyunsaturated oils are essential for health. Excess is harmful, however. 多不饱和油对健康很重要。但是，食用过量就会有害。
The drug can be harmful if taken in excess. 过量服用药物是有害的。
Red meat, eaten to excess, is very high in fat and calories. 过量食用的红肉中脂肪和卡路里含量很高。
The energy value of dried fruits is considerably in excess of that of fresh items. 干果的能量值大大超过新鲜水果。
The car can travel at speeds in excess of 90 miles per hour. 该车的车速能达到每小时90英里以上。
a large excess of gas 严重过量的煤气 
An excess of house plants in a small flat can be oppressive. 在小公寓中摆放过多室内植物会让人觉得很压抑。
Avoid deposits in excess of £20,000 in any one account. 单一账户存款勿超过两万英镑。
The increase will not be in excess of (= more than) two per cent. 增加幅度不会超过百分之二。
You can throw away any excess. 凡超量的你都可以扔掉。
We cover costs up to £600 and then you pay the excess. 我们最多支付600英镑的费用，超过的部分由你支付。
The major reason for excess weight is excess eating. 体重超标的主要原因是饮食过量。
Excess food is stored as fat. 多余的食物作为脂肪贮存起来。
After cooking the fish, pour off any excess fat. 烹完鱼后，倒掉多余的油。
Driving with excess alcohol in the blood is a serious offence. 血液里酒精含量过高时驾车是严重的违法行为。
a letter demanding an excess fare of £20 要求额外付20英镑邮资的信 
Staff who have to travel farther can claim excess travel expenses. 需要到更远的地方出差的职员可以领取额外差旅费。
adolescent excess 青春期的放肆 
She said she was sick of her life of excess. 她说她厌倦了自己无节制的生活。
We need a free press to curb government excesses. 我们需要新闻自由来约束政府的越轨行为。
Washington has always been a city of wretched excesses.（美）华盛顿一直是一个极度放纵的城市。
the worst excesses committed by the occupying army 占领军犯下的残忍暴行
There is an excess of £100 on each claim under this policy. 本保险单每次索赔均有 100 英镑的免赔额。
The company wanted £1,800 for a policy with a £500 excess for under-21s. 那家公司想要办理单价1,800英镑的保单，并且要求21岁以下人员承担价值500英镑的免赔额。
