representative							典型的，代表
inherent					内在的，固有的
dialect					方言
ideology					意识形态
denounce					告发，谴责
specific							详细的，特有的
essence					本质，精油
heroine						女英雄
customer				顾客，家伙
here								这里，来了
crisp					松脆的，清新的，炸
democratic						民主制度的
introduction						介绍，推行
collective				集体的
elevator				电梯
difficult					困难的
dictation								口述，听写，命令
name					名字
overtime				加班时间
comparable				比得上的，相似的
senator				参议院
insult						辱骂，侮辱
intact				完好无损的
sufficient						充足的
creative				有创造力的
batch					一批
consistent								一贯的，持续的，不变的
mirror					镜子，写照，映现出，反映
proof							证据，验证，校样
domain				领域，领土
\\\\\\\\

n. representative (of sb/sth) 1 [C] 被选出来为其他人讲话或表决的一个人，也可指作为一个群体之代表的一个人:
2 [C] 被选出来以代替其他人的一个人，即（某人的）代表:
3 [C] 某一群体的一个典型（或代表性）人物:
adj. 1 representative (of sb/sth)（在某个群体中或在人们中）典型的、有代表性的:
2 常用于名词前，指（代表范围）涵盖了一个大的群体中的所有不同类型的人或事物的:
3 representative (of sth) 可被作为某事物的一个典型事例（或代表）的:
n. representative (of sb/sth) [C] 也用非正式的rep，为一家公司工作并到处去销售该公司产品的一个人，即销售代表:
n. [C] Representative 简写为Rep.，在美国可指众议院议员（参议院议员称为“Senator”，缩写为Sen.）:
adj.（一个政府体制等）由被选举出来以代表其余群体进行讲话或表决的人们组成的，即由代表组成的、代议制的:
adj.（一个政府体制等）由被选举出来以代表其余群体进行讲话或表决的人们组成的，即由代表组成的、代议制的:
representative |[͵reprɪ'zentətɪv][͵reprɪ'zentətɪv]
regional representative 地区代表 
British representative 英国代表 
UN representative 联合国代表 
military representative 军事代表 
company, industry, trade representative 企业代表；行业代表；贸易代表 
media representative 媒体代表 
employee representative 雇员代表 
class, student representative 班级代表；学生代表 
public representative 公众代表 
representatives to a conference 大会代表 
He was the Queen’s representative at the ceremony. 他代表女王出席了庆典。
The singer is regarded as a representative of the youth of her generation. 这位歌手被看作是她那一代年轻人的典型代表。
Is a questionnaire answered by 500 people truly representative of the population as a whole? 由500人参加的问卷调查能真正代表所有民众吗？
a widely representative collection of Greek vases 一批有普遍代表性的希腊花瓶收藏品 
to be statistically representative 在数据上有代表性的 
a nationally representative picture of the employment situation 全国就业形势图 
a representative sample of teachers 各类教师的代表 
The painting is not representative of his work of the period. 这幅画不是他在那个时期的代表作。
customer-service, sales, marketing representative 客户服务代表；销售代表；营销代表 
financial, insurance, pharmaceutical representative 金融代表；保险代表；医药代表 
our representative in Tokyo 我们公司驻东京的销售代表
a representative democracy 代议制民主政体
a representative democracy 代议制民主政体

adj. ~ (in sb/sth) 固有的、内在的（即作为…的基本且永恒的部分，且不能被移除的）:
inherent |[ɪnˈhɪərənt;-ˈher-;美-ˈhɪr-]
the difficulties inherent in a study of this type 这类研究本身的困难 
Violence is inherent in our society. 在我们的社会中暴力是难免的。
an inherent weakness in the design of the machine 机器设计中的内在缺陷 
Stress is an inherent part of dieting. 节食必定会带来压力。
the dangers inherent in an outbreak of war 一旦爆发战争所固有的危险

n. [C, U] 方言:
dialect |[ˈdaɪəlekt]
native dialect 本地方言 
northern dialect 北方方言 
Italian dialect 意大利方言 
the Yorkshire dialect 约克郡方言 
Black dialect 黑人方言 
dialect form 方言形式 
dialect word 方言词语 
dialect speaker 讲方言的人 
dialect group 方言群体 
dialect poetry 方言诗歌 
In the fifties, many Italians spoke only local dialect. 在 20 世纪 50 年代，许多意大利人只会说当地方言。
They began to speak rapidly in dialect. 他们开始叽里呱啦地说起地方话来。

n. 1 [C, U] [有时贬]（作为经济或政治体制之基础的）思想体系:
2 [C, U] [有时贬] 一群人所持有的、对其行为产生影响的一套信念，如意识形态、观念形态:
These businesses have a core ideology of which profit is but one ideal. 这些公司的核心理念是:
ideology |[ˌaɪdiˈɒlədʒi;美-ˈɑ:l-]
Marxist, capitalist, communist, socialist, feminist, fundamentalist, liberal, revolutionary ideology 马克思主义思想体系；资本主义思想体系；共产主义思想体系；社会主义思想体系；女性主义思想体系；原教旨主义思想体系；自由主义思想体系；革命思想 
The party had a Marxist ideology. 该党以马克思主义思想为指导。
They adopted a communist ideology. 他们接受了共产主义思想。
dominant, prevailing ideology 主流意识形态 
They are divided by opposing ideologies. 他们因意识形态冲突而彼此对立。
the narrow ideology of the extreme right 极右派狭隘的意识形态 
radical ideology 激进的意识形态 
They share a hateful ideology that rejects tolerance. 他们都抱有拒绝宽容的可恶的思想。
cultural, economic, gender（尤美）, political, racial, religious ideology 文化意识形态；经济意识形态；性别意识形态；政治意识形态；种族意识形态；宗教意识形态 
Gender ideology still has an important role in determining how couples allocate household tasks. 性别意识形态在夫妻家务分配中仍然扮演着重要角色。
bourgeois, capitalist, extremist, nationalist ideology 资产阶级意识形态；资本主义意识形态；极端主义意识形态；民族主义意识形态 
an ideology imposed by an elite group 由精英集团强加的意识形态 
They shared a common political ideology. 他们拥有共同的政治理念。
a unique ideology based on the concept of service 以服务观念为基础的独特理念 
They ideology was challenged in the early twentieth century. 这种理念在二十世纪早期遭遇到了挑战。

vt. ~ sb/sth (as sth) 谴责、斥责:
vt. 向警方或当局告发、检举（某人的非法政治活动）:
denounce |[dɪˈnaʊns]
She publicly denounced the government's handling of the crisis. 她公开谴责政府处理这场危机的方式。
The government was bitterly denounced for the emergency measures. 政府因紧急措施遭到了强烈谴责。
The project was denounced as a scandalous waste of public money. 这项工程被斥责为挥霍公款，令人愤慨。
The letter called for trade union freedom and civil rights, but did not openly denounce the regime. 这封信呼吁保障工会自由和公民权利，但没有公开谴责该政权。
German leaders denounced the attacks and pleaded for tolerance. 德国领导人谴责袭击活动，恳请各方克制。
He was publicly denounced as a traitor. 他被公开谴责为叛徒。
These new regulations have been widely denounced. 这些新规遭到广泛谴责。
They were denounced as spies. 有人检举他们，说他们是间谍。
Someone must have denounced them to the authorities. 一定有人向当局告发了他们。
Many people denounced their neighbours to the secret police. 许多人向秘密警察告发自己的邻居。
informers who might denounce you at any moment 随时都可能告发你们的那些告密者

adj. [正式] specific to sth 只存在于一个地方，或只限定在同一事物上的，即特有的，独特的，相当于peculiar:
adj. 1 详细且准确的，可称为明确具体的，相当于precise:
2 常用于名词前，只与一个特定的事物有关的，即特定的，相当于particular:
specific |[spə'sɪfɪk]
a belief that is specific to this part of Africa 非洲这一地区特有的一种观念 
These heart issues are specific to women. 这些心脏问题是妇女独有的。
specific instructions 明确的指示 
‘I’d like your help tomorrow.’ ‘Can you be more specific?’ “我想让你明天来帮帮我。”“你能不能说得具体些？”
She was very specific about the type she wanted. 她对自己想要的类型十分明确。
children’s television programmes aimed at a specific age group 针对特定年龄段的少儿电视节目 
The money was collected for a specific purpose. 这笔钱是为一个特定用途而收取的。
children with specific learning difficulties (= in one area only) 某一方面有学习困难的儿童 
These values are culturally specific, not naturally given. 这些价值观具有文化特征，并非天然形成。

n. [U] ~ (of sth) 某事物最重要的、使其成其为自身的品质或特征，即本质、实质、精髓:
n. [U, C] [英] 从植物中提取的、具有强烈气味和味道的液体，如香精、精油:
essence |[ˈesns]
His paintings capture the essence of France. 他的画描绘出法国的神韵。
The essence of consultation is to listen to, and take account of, the views of those consulted. 当顾问的精髓就在于倾听并考虑咨询者的观点。
the essence of life 生活的本质 
The girl has her own spiritual essence. 这个女孩具有独特的精神气质。
human essence 人的本质 
They distilled the essence of their message into three principles. 他们将自己的信息精髓提炼为三个原则。
His paintings embody the very essence of the post-war years. 他的画体现了战后的基本情况。
His work misses the essence of what Eastern religion is about. 他的作品未能抓住东方宗教的本质。
His theory was not new in essence. 他的理论实质上并不新颖。
In essence (= when you consider the most important points), your situation isn't so different from mine. 从本质上讲，你我的情况并非相差很远。
The freedom to pick your leaders is the essence of a democracy. 自由选举领导人是民主政治的精髓所在。
Time is of the essence. 时间是至关重要的。
coffee, almond essence 咖啡香精；杏仁香精 
a few drops of vanilla essence 几滴香草精油 
flower, herbal, plant essence 鲜花精油；草本精华；植物精华 
exotic bath essences 具有异国情调的沐浴香精

n. 1 [C] 女英雄:
2 [C] 因某种品质或技能而受人尊敬的一位女性，如女偶像:
n. [C]（故事、小说、电影等作品中的）女主角:
heroine |[ˈherəʊɪn;美-roʊ-]
the heroines of the revolution 那场革命中的各位女英雄 
feminist heroine 主张女权主义的女英雄 
She remains one of the unsung heroines of the war. 她依然是战争中默默无闻的女英雄之一。
national heroine （尤英）民族女英雄 
The national heroine of the day was Xing Fen, winner of the first gold medal of the Games. 现今的民族英雄是在该运动会上获得首枚金牌的邢芬。
Madonna was her teenage heroine. 麦当娜是她十几岁时的偶像。
My heroine was Elizabeth Taylor. 我心目中的偶像是伊丽莎白·泰勒。
sporting heroine（英）体育女明星
The heroine is played by Demi Moore. 女主角由黛米·摩尔扮演。
The heroine is a senior TV executive. 女主角是一名电视台的高级主管。
Violetta is one of the great tragic heroines of opera. 维奥莉塔是歌剧中重要的悲剧女主人公之一。
Cassandra is the real heroine of the story. 卡桑德拉是这个故事中真正的女主人公。
romantic heroine 爱情剧中的女主人公 
feisty heroine（尤英）活力四射的女主人公 
plucky heroine 执着而有胆量的女主人公 
Jane Eyre, the eponymous/titular heroine of the novel by Charlotte Bronte 简·爱——夏洛蒂·勃朗特同名小说的女主人公 
fictional heroine 小说中的女主人公 
action heroine 动作片的女主人公

n. [C] 购买产品或服务的顾客，客户。是此义的基础用词:
customer |['kʌstəmə]
long-standing, long-time, loyal customer 长期的客户；忠实的客户 
regular customer 常客 
old customer 老客户 
repeat customer（美）回头客 
potential customer 潜在的客户 
foreign customer 外国客户 
corporate, retail customer 公司客户；零售客户 
customer relation, customer service 客户关系；客户服务 
customer demands 客户需求 
customer loyalty 顾客的忠诚度 
customer complaints 顾客的投诉 
customer base 客户群

adv. 现在；在这一点（例如时间点）上:
adv. here to do sth 用于表示某人在某种情况中的角色或作用:
adv. 1 用于动词或介词后，表示在这里，向这里，到这里（这里指的是一个地方）:
2 在这一点（例如时间点、情况或主题的一个节点）上:
adv. 用于将某东西给某人或出示给某人:
exclamation. 用于向某人提供…:
adv. 用于名词后，表示强调:
exclamation. [英] 用于引起某人的注意:
here |[hɪə]
The countdown to Christmas starts here. 现在开始圣诞节倒计时。
Economic recovery is here. 经济复苏现在开始了。
I’m here to help you. 我是来帮你的。
I live here. 我住这儿。
Put the box here. 把箱子放在这里。
if you will just sign here 如果你愿意就在这里签字 
The countdown to Christmas starts here. 现在开始圣诞节倒计时。
Economic recovery is here. 经济复苏现在开始了。
Here the speaker paused to have a drink. 讲到这里，演讲人停下来喝了口水。
It’s here that we come up against the difference of approach. 正是在这一点上我们遇到方法上的分歧。
Here’s your coffee. 给，这是你的咖啡。
Here is your opportunity. 你的机会来了。
Here comes the bus. 公交车来了。
Here, let me carry that for you. 来，让我帮你搬吧。
My friend here saw it happen. 我的这位朋友目睹了事情的经过。
Here, where are you going with that ladder? 嘿，你要把梯子搬到哪里？

adj.（图像等）清晰分明的:
adj.（雪、树叶等）压碎时发出脆响的:
adj.（声音）清脆悦耳的:
adj. 1（也可用crispy）（食物）脆的、酥脆可口的:
2（也可用crispy）（水果、蔬菜）鲜脆的、脆嫩的:
vt.&vi.（用加热等方法）（使）变脆:
adj.（空气或天气）凉爽的、清新的、干燥清爽的:
adj.（纸张或布料）洁净如新的、崭新且挺括（且没有任何折痕）的:
n. [C] [也可用potato crisp，均英] [美用chip或potato chip] 油炸土豆片、炸薯片（有多种风味，袋装）:
adj. [有时贬]（某人的说话方式）快速而自信的（表明此人繁忙或不友好），即干脆的、利落的:
crisp |[krɪsp]
deep, crisp snow 踩上去咯吱作响的积雪 
He crunched through the crisp snow. 他咯吱咯吱地踏雪行进着。
crisp autumn leaves 踩上去发出脆响的秋叶
The recording sounds very crisp, considering its age. 考虑到这录音已年代久远，听起来声音还是挺清楚的。
Bake until the pastry is golden and crisp. 把油酥糕点烤至金黄酥脆。
Bake the potatoes for 15 minutes, till they're nice and crisp. 将土豆片烤15分钟，直至酥脆。
crisp bacon 脆熏肉 
crisp apple, crisp lettuce, crisp salad 新鲜脆爽的苹果；新鲜脆爽的生菜；脆爽的沙拉 
a salad of crisp, raw vegetables 用生蔬菜做成的脆爽沙拉
Cook the bacon until it begins to crisp. 把熏肉烹至酥脆。
Spread breadcrumbs on a dry baking sheet and crisp them in the oven. 把面包屑撒在干燥的烤盘上，然后放在烤箱里烤脆。
a crisp autumn day 秋高气爽的一天 
a crisp winter morning 冬天一个寒冷的早晨 
The air was crisp and clear and the sky was blue. 空气清新，天空碧蓝。
a crisp new $5 bill 一张崭新挺括的5元钞票 
a crisp white shirt 洁净挺括的白衬衫 
He wore a panama hat and a crisp white suit. 他戴着一顶巴拿马草帽，穿着一身挺括的白西装。
I slipped between the crisp clean sheets. 我钻到崭新洁净的被单底下。
crisp bag 挺括的包           
a packet of crisps 一袋炸薯片 
cheese and onion potato crisps 奶酪和洋葱味炸薯片
Her answer was crisp, and she gave no details. 她的回答简短而干脆，没有提供细节。
'Very well,' I said, adopting a crisp authoritative tone. “很好，”我用干脆的命令性的语气说道。

adj. 1（国家、政府、制度等）民主的；民主制度的；民主政体的:
2（社会或组织机构的组织或管理原则）基于民主精神的、有民主作风的:
3 Democratic（缩写为Dem.或D）（用于政党名称中）民主的:
democratic |[ˌdeməˈkrætɪk]
a democratic country 民主国家 
a democratic system 民主制度 
democratic government 民主政府 
Bolivia returned to democratic rule in 1982, after a series of military governments. 在经历了数届军人政府后，玻利维亚于 1982 年恢复了民主政权。
the country's first democratic elections 该国的首次民主选举 
There have been major changes in the constitution, but the system remains democratic. 宪法有了重大变更，但实行的仍然是民主制度。
They have a fairly democratic form of government. 他们有一个比较民主的政府。
democratic reforms 民主改革 
Education is the basis of a democratic society. 教育是民主社会的基础。
He called for widespread changes to make the armed forces more democratic and less expensive. 他呼吁进行广泛的改革，使武装部队作风更加民主，开支更加俭省。
democratic participation 民主参与 
I think it was a reasonably democratic decision. 我认为这是一个相当民主的决定。
the Democratic senator from Oregon（美国）俄勒冈州的民主党参议员 
the Social Democratic Party 社会民主党 
the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan 阿富汗人民民主党

n. [sing.] introduction (to sth) 一个人对某事的初次经历；首次体验:
n. 1 [U] 初次投入使用，或将…初次引进到某地的行为。即采用；引进；推行:
2 [C] 新采用（或新引进到某地）的事物:
n. [C] introduction (to sb) 在两个人之间所做的正式的介绍或引见（如向双方介绍各自的姓名）:
n. [C] 前奏:
n. [C] introduction (to sth) 初级读物；入门课程:
n. [C, U]（书籍或演讲的）序言；引言；导论（该部分大致阐述了后续的正文内容）:
introduction |[͵ɪntrə'dʌkʃn]
This album was my first introduction to modern jazz. 这张专辑唱片让我初次接触了现代爵士乐。
the introduction of new manufacturing methods 新制造方法的采用 
the introduction of compulsory military service 义务兵役制的实行 
the introduction of Christianity to Russia 基督教传入俄罗斯 
the accidental introduction of species into new environments 物种意外进入新的环境 
the introduction of the drug 药品的推出 
the introduction of new technologies 新技术的引进 
The book lists plants suitable for the British flower garden, among them many new introductions. 这本书列出了适合英国花园种植的花草，其中有很多新引进的品种。
Introductions were made and the conversation started to flow. 大家相互介绍之后交谈就开始了。
Our speaker today needs no introduction. 我们今天的发言人就不必介绍了。
a letter of introduction 介绍信
an eight-bar introduction 有八个小节的前奏 
After a lengthy musical introduction, the dancers finally appear. 一段冗长的音乐铺垫之后，舞蹈演员们总算现身了。
‘An Introduction to Astronomy’《天文学入门》
The book is a accessible introduction to physics. 这是一本易懂的物理学入门书。
to look for a general introduction 找一本入门读物 
brief, short introduction 简短的序言 
She wrote the introduction to his new book. 她为他的新书写了序。

adj. 1 [常用于名词前] 为一群人所共有的；或涉及到整个人类群体或社会的:
2 [常用于名词前] 用于指全体成员的:
n. [C] 共同拥有并运用一家企业或一个农场的一群人；也可指此类企业或农场。可称为企业集团、合作农场、集体企业:
n. [C] 共同拥有并运用一个农场的一群人；也可指此类农场。可称为合作农场:
n. [C] 共同拥有并运用一家企业的一群人；也可指此类企业。可称为企业集团、集体企业:
collective |[kəˈlektɪv]
collective leadership, collective decision-making, collective responsibility, collective wisdom 集体领导；集体决策；共同责任；集体的智慧 
It was a collective decision. 这是集体的决定。
collective memory (= things that a group of people or a community know or remember, that are often passed from parents to children) 集体记忆 
The country's politicians are already heaving a collective sigh of relief. 该国的政界人士均已松了口气。
The collective name for mast, boom and sails on a boat is the ‘rig ’. 船的桅杆、帆桁和帆总称为“索具”。
Social science is a collective name, covering a series of individual sciences. 社会科学是一个统称，涵盖一系列的独立学科。
Their collective volume wasn't very large. 他们的总量不是太大。
an independent collective making films for television 为电视制作影片的独立集体企业 
He will see that he is participating in all the decisions of the collective. 他会确保自己参与集体企业的各项决策。
an independent collective making films for television 为电视制作影片的独立集体企业 
He will see that he is participating in all the decisions of the collective. 他会确保自己参与集体企业的各项决策。           

n. [C] 谷仓、粮仓:
n. [C] 谷仓、粮仓:
n. [C] 飞行器尾部的升降舵:
n. [C] 电梯:
elevator |[ˈelɪveɪtə(r)]
It's on the fifth floor, so we'd better take the elevator. 那是在六楼上，我们最好乘电梯。
The elevator door slid shut. 电梯门关闭了。

adj.（人）难以取悦的，或没有帮助的。相当于awkward:
adj. 1 difficult (for sb) (to do sth) 不容易的，困难的；需要努力或技能去做（或去理解）的。是一个常规用词:
2 充满问题的；造成很多麻烦的:
difficult |['dɪfɪkəlt]
difficult child, difficult customer, difficult boss 难哄的孩子；难对付的顾客；难讨好的老板 
Don’t pay any attention to her--she’s just being difficult. 别理她——她是在故意刁难。
difficult problem, difficult task, difficult exam 难题；艰巨的任务；很难的考试 
It’s really difficult to read your writing. 你的笔迹真是难以辨认。
She finds it very difficult to get up early. 她觉得很难早起。
The fog made driving very difficult. 大雾使得开车很困难。
be in a difficult situation 处于困境 
My boss is making life very difficult for me. 我的老板总是给我找麻烦。
13 is a difficult age. 13岁是个容易出问题的年龄。

n. 1 [U] 大声说出或读出（以使别人能够写下所说的话）:
2 [C, U]（尤指在语言学习中）学生所进行的听写测试:
dictation |[dɪk'teɪʃn]
to take the dictation of the professor 记录教授的口述内容 
We did a French dictation in class. 课堂上我们进行了法语听写。
We had some very difficult words in our dictation. 听写时我们遇到了些很难的单词。

n. 1 [C]（一个人、动物、地方或事物的）名字或名称:
2 [C] 名义，权威:
n. 1 [usually sing.]（某人或某事物所具有的）名誉、名声；人们对某人或某事物所持有的观点，可称为名气:
2 [C] 构成复合形容词，指有…名称的；有…名声的或以…著名的（尤指为很多人所知晓的）:
3 [C] 一个著名的人，即名人:
vt. 1 name sb/sth (after sb) 美也用name sb/sth (for sb) 给某人或某事物命名或取名，相当于call。二者此时未见明显区别:
2 说出某人或某事物的名字，相当于identify:
vt. 准确地陈述某事，相当于specify:
name sb (to sth) 选择某人，让该人去做某份工作或让其接受某个职位，具体可称为任命或委任，相当于nominate:
name |[neɪm]
What’s your name? 你叫什么名字？
his full name 他的全名 
the name of the flower 花的名字 
user, file name（计算机用语）用户名；文件名 
brand, trade, company name 品牌名；商标名；公司名 
place, street, scientific name 地名；街道名；学名 
The tickets were booked in the name of Mclean. 这些票是以麦克莱恩的名义订的。
I arrest you in the name of the law. 我依法逮捕你。
The college has a good name for languages. 这所大学的语言教学颇有名气。
He made his name writing travel books. 他写游记出了名。
The area got a bad name after a series of nasty murders. 这一地区因一系列恶性谋杀案而留下恶名。
Throughout his years in prison, he fought to clear his name. 在整个服刑期间，他奋力为自己洗脱罪名。
The company has a name for reliability. 该公司以可靠著称。
a big-name company 著名公司 
brand-name goods 名牌产品 
a big name 大人物
He was named after his father. 他的名字跟他父亲一样。
They named their son John. 他们给儿子起名叫约翰。
The ship will be officially named by the Queen before setting sail from her home port. 这艘船将在从其船籍港起航前由女王正式命名。
The hospital was named in honour/honor of its principal benefactor. 这所医院以主捐助人的名字命名以表纪念。
The victim has not yet been named. 受害人的姓名仍未得知。
The missing man has been named as James Kelly. 失踪者已被确认为詹姆斯·凯利。
Can you name all the American states? 你能说出美国所有的州名吗？
Name your price. 给个价吧。
They’re engaged, but they haven’t yet named the day. 他们订婚了，但还未确定结婚日期。
Activities available include squash, archery and swimming, to name but a few. 所设活动项目包括壁球、射箭、游泳等等，不一而足。
Chairs, tables, cabinets--you name it, she makes it. 椅子、桌子、橱柜——凡是你说得出的她都能做。
vt. name sb (as) sth 
to name him (as) captain 任命他为队长 
the newly named head coach 新任主教练

n. [U] [美，体育]（体育比赛中为决胜负而延长的）加时赛:
n. [U] 加班费:
n. [U] 加班；加班的时间:
overtime |[ˈəʊvətaɪm;美ˈoʊvərt-]
Denver had won the championship by defeating the Cleveland Browns 23-20 in overtime. 丹佛队在加时赛中以23比20击败克利夫兰布朗队夺得冠军。
He scored with only seven seconds remaining in the second overtime. 他在第二场加时赛仅剩七秒钟的时候射门得分。
sudden-death overtime 采用突然死亡法的加时赛 
The game went into overtime. 比赛进入了加时赛。
Stanford scored two goals in the last minute to force overtime. 斯坦福队在最后一分钟攻入两球，把比赛拖入加时赛。
The first overtime period ended with no scoring. 第一场加时赛结束时两队均未得分。
overtime victory, overtime win 加时赛获胜 
an impressive overtime win against Denver 击败丹佛队的一场漂亮的加时赛 
overtime loss 加时赛失利 
We were unlucky to lose in overtime. 我们不幸在加时赛中失利。
They pay $150 a day plus overtime. 他们支付每天150元的报酬，外加加班费。
to do/work overtime 加班 
overtime hours 加班时间 
The union announced a ban on overtime. 工会宣布禁止加班。
He would work overtime, without pay, to finish a job. 他会为了完成工作无偿加班。
Union leaders had urged miners to vote in favour of an overtime ban. 工会领导人呼吁矿工投票支持加班禁令。
Doctors work excessive unpaid overtime. 医生加班时间超长却无报酬。
paid, unpaid overtime 有偿加班；无偿加班 
forced, mandatory overtime（均美）被迫加班；强制加班 
I do about five hours' overtime a week. 我一周大约加班五个小时。
She puts in a lot of overtime. 她经常加班。
overtime earnings（英）, overtime pay, overtime payments（尤英）, overtime rate 加班费 
overtime ban（尤英）加班禁令

adj. 可比较的:
adj. ~ (to/with sb/sth) 类似的、同类的:
comparable |[ˈkɒmpərəbl;美ˈkɑ:m-]
The situation in the US is not directly comparable to that in the UK. 美国的情况与英国的不能直接相比。
The regional variation in Australian accent is not in any way comparable to that found in the UK or US. 澳大利亚口音的地域差异与英国或美国的根本没法比较。
In other comparable countries real wages increased much more rapidly. 在其他具有可比性的国家，实际工资上涨更快。
By contrast, the comparable figure for the Netherlands is 16 per cent. 相反，荷兰的相对数字为16%。
paying the same wages to men and women for work of comparable value 男女同工同酬 
Farmers were meant to get an income comparable to that of townspeople. 农民的收入本应该与城里人的收入相当。
A comparable house in the south of the city would cost twice as much. 一栋类似的房子位于城南部就要贵一倍的价钱。
Inflation is now at a rate comparable with that in other European countries. 现在通货膨胀率已经和欧洲其他国家的差不多了。
Its brain is closely comparable to the brain of a chimpanzee. 它的大脑与黑猩猩的大脑非常类似。
There are no other scanners even remotely comparable to this in terms of quality of image produced.就扫描出的图像质量而言，没有任何其他扫描仪可以与之媲美。
The two machines are comparable in size. 这两台机器大小相若。
a job comparable to mine 可与我的工作相提并论的工作 
The earthquake was comparable with others in recent years. 这次地震与近年的数次地震相似。
He was dressed in something comparable to a tribal costume. 他穿一件类似于部落服装的衣服。

n. [C]（常写作Senator，缩写为Sen.）（美国、澳大利亚等国的）参议员:
senator |[ˈsenətə(r)]
American, US Senator 美国参议员 
conservative, liberal Senator 保守派参议员；自由派参议员 
a Republican state Senator 共和党州参议员 
the former US Senator, James Hurley 美国前参议员詹姆斯·赫尔利 
He was pilloried by his fellow Senators. 他受到参议院其他参议员的公开批评。
We'll talk to two key Senators on the Intelligence Committee. 我们将与在情报委员会任职的两位参议院要员会谈。
In 1988 he became a US Senator. 1988年他当选美国参议员。
He has served as a Democratic senator for Texas since 2000. 自2000年以来，他一直是得克萨斯州的民主党参议员。
Senators and congressmen, Senators and representatives（均美）参众两院议员 
I sent off a few letters to my Senators and representatives. 我给参众两院议员寄出了几封信。
Senators on both sides of the aisle (= Democrats and Republicans)（美）民主、共和两党的参议员

vt. 说冒犯人的话（或做冒犯人事），如侮辱:
n. [C] ~ (to sb/sth) 侮辱性的言语或行为:
insult |[ɪnˈsʌlt]
I have never been so insulted in my life! 我一生中从未被如此侮辱过！
She felt insulted by the low offer. 那么低的出价使她觉得受到了侮辱。
I did not mean to insult you. 我不是要故意侮辱你。
Buchanan said he was insulted by the judge's remarks. 布坎南说法官的那番话侮辱了他。
He was dismissed for publicly insulting prominent politicians. 他因当众辱骂政要而被辞退。
I felt deeply insulted that she hadn't asked me to the meeting. 她没请我参加会议，我感觉深受侮辱。
The crowd were shouting insults at the police. 人群大声辱骂着警察。
His comments were seen as an insult to the president. 他的评论被看成是对主席的冒犯。
The questions were an insult to our intelligence (= too easy). 那些问题（简单得）有辱我们的智慧。
Their behaviour was an insult to the people they represent. 他们的行为是对他们代表的人民的一种侮辱。
one of the worst insults you can throw at somebody 能够加诸他人的最恶毒的侮辱之一 
To call a woman a girl is the ultimate insult. 把一个女人叫作小妞是极端的侮辱。
I don't mean this as an insult, but I think the team would play better without you. 我不想羞辱你，不过我觉得球队如果没有你，表现会更好些。
I meant it as a bit of constructive advice, but he took it as a personal insult. 我的本意是提点儿建设性意见，但他却把这视为人身侮辱。
Foreigners have to suffer constant insults from the local population. 外国人不得不遭受当地人不断的侮辱。
The two groups of fans exchanged insults. 两帮粉丝互相谩骂。
Insults were flying back and forth. 双方你来我往，谩骂声不绝于耳。
It was an insult to his wife. 那是对他妻子的侮辱。
Then, to add insult to injury (= to make things worse), they told me I couldn't get on the flight. 更糟糕的是，他们随后又告诉我说我不能登机。

adj. [名词前不常用] 完好无损的:
intact |[ɪnˈtækt]
Most of the house remains intact even after two hundred years. 虽然过了两百年，这房子的大部分还保持完好。
We found the tomb perfectly intact. 我们发现这座坟墓完好无损。
The mill machinery is still intact. 磨坊里的机器依然完好无损。
Most of the cargo was left intact after the explosion. 大部分货物在爆炸发生后都完好无损。
The collection should be kept completely intact. 收藏品应当保持完整无缺。
He emerged miraculously intact after the fight. 战斗之后他完好无损地回来了。
The team returns largely intact to defend its title.（尤美）这支队伍基本上是原班人马参加冠军卫冕之战。
He emerged from the trial with his reputation intact. 他受审获释，名誉丝毫未受损害。
If the family unit is still intact, the patient frequently does very well. 如果家庭仍然完整，病人常常恢复得很好。

~ (for sth/sb)（对于某个目的或需要来说）足够的、充足的:
sufficient |[səˈfɪʃnt]
adj. ~ (to do sth) 
Allow sufficient time to get there. 留出充足的时间好赶过去。
Is £100 sufficient for your expenses? 100英镑够你花销吗？
The salary proved sufficient for his needs. 结果证明工资够他花了。
Our budget is scarcely sufficient to pay people, let alone buy any new equipment. 我们的预算几乎不够支付工资，更不用说买新设备了。
One metre of fabric is sufficient to cover the exterior of an 18-in-diameter hatbox. 一米布足以包裹住直径为 18 英寸的帽盒。
Lighting levels should be sufficient for photography without flash. 光照亮度应达到不开闪光灯便可以清楚拍照的程度。
These reasons are not sufficient to justify the ban. 这些理由不足以证明实施禁令有理。
Discipline is a necessary, but certainly not a sufficient condition for learning to take place. 纪律是有必要的，但绝对不是保证学习成效的充分条件。
Do you really regard that explanation as sufficient? 你真的认为那个解释很充分吗？

adj. 1 [只用于名词前] 创造性的；创作的:
2 有创造力的；（尤指艺术作品）表现出创造力的:
n. [C] 富于创造力的人；搞创作的人。（尤指广告）创意人员，创作者:
n. [U] 创意；创作素材:
creative |[kriˈeɪtɪv]
creative writing 创造性写作 
a course on creative writing (= writing stories, plays and poems) 创作课程 
creative arts 创作型艺术 
the creative and performing arts 创作与表演艺术 
creative thinking (= thinking about problems in a new way or thinking of new ideas) 创造性思维 
the company's creative team 公司的创新组 
the creative process 创作的过程 
She's very creative--she writes poetry and paints. 她极富创造力，既赋诗又作画。
Do you have any ideas? You're the creative one. 你有何高见？你是有创见的人。
Like so many creative people he was never satisfied. 像许多富于创造力的人一样，他从不满足。
her obvious creative talents 她显而易见的创作才能 
his creative use of words 他对词语的创造性运用 
I don' always feel creative. 我并不总是感觉自己有创造力。
a highly creative artist 非常有创意的艺术家
Along with scores of other advertising creatives, he will be taking part in an exhibition at the Saatchi gallery. 他将和许多广告创意人员一起参加在萨奇画廊举行的画展。
The exhibition features the paintings of local creatives. 这个展览会展出的是当地画家的作品。
We need to produce better creative if we want to attract big clients. 要吸引大客户，我们就得拿出更好的创意。

n. 1 [C] 被作为一组来处理的一群同类的人或事物，如一批:
2 [C]（食物、药物等）一批生产的量:
3 [C] [计算机] 计算机同时处理的一批任务:
vt.&vi. 分批处理:
batch |[bætʃ]
the current batch of trainee priests 目前的一批牧师学员 
Each summer a new batch of students tries to find work. 每年夏季都有新的一批学生要找工作。She brought a large batch of newspaper cuttings. 她带来了一大堆剪报。
a batch of letters 一批信 
A whole batch of original drawings will be on sale. 一整批绘画真迹都将出售。
the latest batch of opinion polls 最新的一轮民意测验 
How many books are there in each batch? 每一批书有多少本? 
We deliver the goods in batches. 我们分批发货。
a batch of cookies 一批曲奇饼 
He baked a fresh batch of rolls. 他新烤了一炉面包圈。
to process a batch job 处理一批作业 
a batch file, batch program 批处理文件；批处理程序 
batch process, batch processing 批处理 
to run in batch mode 按批处理模式运行 
The service will be improved by batching and sorting enquiries. 分批、分类处理查询将会提高服务质量。

adj.（论点、论据或一套观点）相互连贯的:
adj. 以相同的方式发生并持续一段时间的，如连续的，持续的:
adj. [褒]（行为）始终如一的；总是拥有相同的观点、标准等的:
adj. consistent with sth 与某事物一致的，相符的；与某事物不矛盾的:
consistent |[kən'sɪstənt]
His argument is not even internally consistent. 他的论点甚至本身也自相矛盾。
consistent growth in the economy 经济持续增长
She’s not very consistent in the way she treats her children. 她对待孩子反复无常。
a consistent player 状态稳定的选手 
a consistent approach to the problem 解决问题的一贯方法 
We must be consistent in applying the rules. 我们在实施这些规则时必须保持一致。
His attitude isn’t absolutely consistent. 他的态度并不是始终如一的。
The results are entirely consistent with our earlier research. 这些结果与我们早些时候的研究完全吻合。
This is relatively consistent across all age groups. 这一点在所有年龄段中都相对一致。
injuries consistent with a fall from an upper storey 和从楼上摔下来的情形相符合的伤处 
The pattern is strikingly consistent in the four samples. 四件样品的图案惊人地一致。

vt. 拥有与其他事物相似的一些特征（这些特征表明了其他事物的一些性质），即反映，相当于reflect。是一个形象化用词:
n. [sing.] a mirror of sth 将其他事物呈现出来的一个东西:
vt.（在水、玻璃等平面上）映照或反射出…的图像，相当于reflect。是将名词用作动词:
n. [C] 镜子:
mirror |['mɪrə]
The music of the time mirrored the feeling of optimism in the country. 这个时期的音乐反映出这个国家的乐观精神。
The trends here closely mirror those in America. 这儿的潮流紧跟美国。
The jump in business confidence has been mirrored by the increase in employment. 就业人数的增加反映出商业信心的大大增强。
The shock was mirrored on her face. 她面露震惊之色。
The face is the mirror of the soul. 脸是反映灵魂的镜子。
She saw herself mirrored in the window. 她看到自己在窗玻璃上照出的影像。
bathroom mirror 浴室镜 
make-up, pocket mirror 梳妆镜；袖珍镜 
full-length mirror 穿衣镜 
concave, convex mirror 凹镜；凸镜 
rear mirror（车内的）后视镜 
funhouse mirror（美）哈哈镜

n. [U] 用于测量酒精浓度的标准，即标准酒精度:
a glass of Wild Turkey bourbon: 101 degrees proof 一杯威特基波旁威士忌:
vt. 给某事物（尤指织物）放上一种特殊物质，使其能够对水、火等起防护作用:
adj. 1 [正式] ~ against sth 对某事物的破坏性（或有害）的效果有抵御能力的:
2（用于构成复合词）防…的、抗…的:
n. [C, usually pl.] 打印或复印出来需要校对的文字材料，即校样:
vt. 印…的校样:
n. [U, C] ~ (of sth/that…) 法律上的证据:
n. 1 [U]（对某事物之真实性或某个事实的）检验、证实:
2 [C] [数学]（对某个说法的）证明、求证；（对自己计算结果的）验算:
n. [U, C] ~ (of sth/that…)（作为某事物之真实性的）证据、证明:
proof |[pru:f]
proofed canvas 做过防水处理的帆布
The sea wall was not proof against the strength of the waves. 防波堤挡不住海浪的力量。
The fortress was proof against the techniques of attack then in use. 该防御工事能抵御当时所使用的各种进攻手段。
His papers were proof against all but the most expert of scrutinies. 他的论文几乎可以经受住最专业的审查。
rainproof clothing, windproof clothing 防雨服装；防风服装 
The car has childproof locks on the rear doors. 汽车后门装有防止儿童开启的锁。
an inflation-proof pension plan 已考虑通货膨胀的养老金计划
She was checking the proofs of her latest novel. 她正在审阅她的新小说的校样。
I'm correcting the proofs of the Spanish edition right now. 我正在校正西班牙语版本的校样。
colour proofing 印彩色校样
There is no proof that the knife belonged to her. 没有证据证明那把刀子是属于她的。
Do you have positive proof that she took the money? 你有确凿证据证明她拿了那些钱吗?
I have no real proof that he was in the country at the time. 我没有可靠的证据证明当时他在该国。
The photo was final proof of her husband's infidelity. 这张照片最终证明了她丈夫的不忠。
legal proof 法律证据 
He is unlikely to make wild accusations without proof. 没有证据他不可能胡乱指控。
Her account gives us no concrete proof of his guilt. 她的叙述并不能成为证明他有罪的确凿证据。
the burden of proof, the onus of proof 举证责任 
The burden of proof lies on us to prove negligence. 证明对方犯有疏忽罪的举证责任落在我们身上。
The men were acquitted for lack of proof. 因为证据不足，这些人被宣告无罪。
Civil proceedings require a lower standard of ~than criminal cases.民事诉讼比刑事案件的举证标准低。
Is the claim capable of proof? 这个说法能证明是正确的吗？
Can you provide any proof of identity? 你能提供什么身份证明吗？
Keep the receipt as proof of purchase. 保存收据，作为购物证明。
Proof of purchase must be provided before a refund can be made. 退款前必须提供购买凭证。
There is no proof that the knife belonged to her. 没有证据证明那把刀子是属于她的。
These results are a further proof of his outstanding ability. 这些成果进一步证明了他的杰出才干。
You have to have proof of residence in the state of Texas, such as a Texas ID card. 你必须有在得克萨斯州的居住证明，比如得克萨斯身份证。
This is not necessarily proof that he is wrong. 这不一定就证明他是错的。
Do you have positive proof that she took the money? 你有确凿证据证明她拿了那些钱吗?
I have no real proof that he was in the country at the time. 我没有可靠的证据证明当时他在该国。
The photo was final proof of her husband's infidelity. 这张照片最终证明了她丈夫的不忠。
legal proof 法律证据 
scientific proof 科学证据 
He is living proof that some players just get better with age. 有些运动员年纪越大状态越好，他就是个活生生的例子。
I am living proof that the treatment works. 我是这一治疗有效的活生生的证明。
He is unlikely to make wild accusations without proof. 没有证据他不可能胡乱指控。
Her account gives us no concrete proof of his guilt. 她的叙述并不能成为证明他有罪的确凿证据。
the burden of proof, the onus of proof 举证责任 
The burden of proof lies on us to prove negligence. 证明对方犯有疏忽罪的举证责任落在我们身上。
The men were acquitted for lack of proof. 因为证据不足，这些人被宣告无罪。
Civil proceedings require a lower standard of ~than criminal cases.民事诉讼比刑事案件的举证标准低。

n. [C] [计算机] 互联网上的域（是一套网址，可以表明一个网址所属的类别或地理范围，以相同字母结尾的网址属于同一个域，如.com、.org等）:
n. [C] [数学] 某一变量的所有数值的范围，即区域、定义域:
n. [C]（知识或活动的）领域、范围，尤指某人所负责的领域或范围:
n. [C]（尤指旧时个人、国家等所拥有或统治的）土地，即领土、领地、势力范围:
domain |[dəˈmeɪn;dəʊ-;美doʊ-]
Internet domain 互联网域 
Register a domain name if you want people to find your website. 想要别人找到你的网址，就注册一个域名。
domain registration 域名注册
The care of older people is being placed firmly within the domain of the family. 照顾老人仍然被确认为是家庭范围的事。
things that happen outside the domain of the home 发生在家庭以外的事情 
Physics used to be very much a male domain. 物理学曾在很大程度上是男人的领域。
the great experimenters in the domain of art 艺术领域伟大的实验者们 
Public domain（不受版权保护的）公有领域 
This information should be in the public domain. 这份资料不受版权保护。
The Spice Islands were within the Spanish domains. 香料群岛曾是西班牙的领地。
the mighty king's domain 势力强大的国王的领土
