highlight							最精彩的部分
formidable					难克服的，令人钦佩的
verbal						口头的，动词的
menu								菜单
accessory					附件，装饰品，从犯
legend						传说，铭文
assumption						假定，获得，承担
pronounce							发...的音，宣布，宣判
continue						持续，继续，延伸
perceive					察觉，把...看作
proposition					主张，计划，提议，任务
be susceptible to				容易感染，容易遭受
be susceptible of				容许
obsolete					淘汰的，过期的
invisible					看不见的，隐藏的
daylight							日光
create						创造，引起，发脾气
cathedral								总教堂
centigrade						摄氏的
levy						税，征收
catalog					目录，一系列
married						已婚的，婚姻的
political							政治的
band						乐队，波段，带状物，戒指，分类
ascertain					查明
accuracy						精确
inform							通知
opposite								对立面，对面的，相反的
precede				先于，地位高于
preceding			在前的
hero				英雄，男主角
postman									邮递员
\\\\\\\\

vt. 将（文本的某部分）用彩笔做标记；将（计算机屏幕的某区域）做高亮标记（使其更醒目）:
vt. 挑染（将部分头发染成浅色）:
n. [pl.] highlights 挑染的头发；（头发经阳光照射后产生强光效果的）浅色部分:
n. [pl.] highlights [术语]（图画的）强光部分:
n. [pl.] highlights [术语]（照片的）强光部分:
vt. 强调、凸显:
n. [C] 最好（或最精彩、最激动人心）的部分:
highlight |[ˈhaɪlaɪt]
the relevant maps with the route highlighted in yellow 用黄色荧光笔标出路线的相关地图 
I've highlighted the important passages in yellow. 我用黄色标出了重要段落。
Highlight the chosen area by clicking and holding down the left mouse button. 点击并摁住鼠标左键将所选区域高亮显示。
The report highlights the major problems facing society today. 报告特别强调了当今社会所面临的主要问题。
Last year Collins wrote a moving ballad which highlighted the plight of the homeless. 去年，柯林斯写了一首动人的抒情歌曲，突出描绘了无家可归者的苦境。
Once again, the 'Free Press' prefers not to highlight these facts. “自由新闻”组织再次故意不去突出强调这些事实。
These figures clearly highlight the difference in world living standards. 这些数据凸显出世界各地生活水平的差异。
The needs of these children were dramatically highlighted by the Action Group. 行动组令人印象深刻地凸显出这些孩子的各种需要。
The talks merely highlighted the great gulf in understanding between the two sides. 数次会谈仅仅凸显出双方的严重分歧。
The incident has sadly only served to highlight the differences within the party. 令人痛心的是，这一事件只是凸显了政党内部存在的种种分歧。
The real highlight of the trip for me was the visit to the Tower of London. 对我来说，这次旅行中最有趣的是伦敦塔之行。
personal highlight 个人生活中最闪亮的片段 
comic, football, musical, sporting（英）, sports（美）highlight 喜剧集锦；足球集锦；音乐集锦；体育集锦 
career highlight 职业生涯中的闪亮之处 
edited highlights（英）, recorded highlights（英）, video highlights 剪辑过的精彩片段；录制的精彩片段；视频集锦 
Recorded highlights of the match will be shown later tonight. 比赛的精彩录像片段将会在今晚晚些时候播出。
a match that is likely to prove one of the highlights of the tournament 可能是本次联赛中最精彩的比赛之一 
streamed video highlights from today's news 今日新闻要点的流视频 
The highlight of the week was Saturday's firework display. 本周的亮点是星期六的焰火。
The highlight of my day used to be cooking Meg a meal when she came in from work. 过去，我一天中最有意思的事就是在梅格下班回到家时为她做顿饭。

adj.（人、事物或情况）（由于太强大，或太令人印象深刻，或由于看似很困难而）可怕的（有时让人尊敬的，此事可称为令人敬畏的）:
adj.（人、事物、情况、困难、任务等）可怕的、令人敬畏的；难对付的；艰巨的:
formidable |[ˈfɔ:mɪdəbl;fəˈmɪd-;美ˈfɔ:rm-;fərˈm-]
In debate he was a formidable opponent. 在辩论中他是位难应付的对手。
She has a formidable list of qualifications. 她有一长串令人敬畏的资历。
Marsalis has a formidable reputation in both jazz and classical music. 马萨利斯在爵士乐和古典音乐领域都有极高的声望。
The two players together make a formidable combination. 这两个队员配对儿，难以对付。
The task was a formidable one. 这任务非常艰巨。
The task looks formidable. 这任务看起来很艰难。
They had to overcome formidable obstacles. 他们得克服重重障碍。
Men found her formidable. 男人们觉得她很可怕。
She has a formidable list of qualifications. 她有一长串令人敬畏的资历。
a formidable competition record 令人生畏的比赛记录 
formidable talent 令人敬畏的天才 
She has a formidable intellect. 他有令人生畏的才智。
Marsalis has a formidable reputation in both jazz and classical music. 马萨利斯在爵士乐和古典音乐领域都有极高的声望。
He had a formidable stage presence. 他台风霸气。
The customer is faced with a formidable array of products. 顾客面对数量大得惊人的产品。
formidable force 可怕的力量 
formidable bulk 可怕的大家伙 
In debate he was a formidable opponent. 在辩论中他是位难应付的对手。
The two players together make a formidable combination. 这两个队员配对儿，难以对付。
formidable personality 难对付的性格 
formidable enemy 难对付的敌人 
formidable warrior 难对付的勇士 
formidable fortress 坚固的要塞 
They had to overcome formidable obstacles. 他们得克服重重障碍。
a formidable barrier to communication 沟通的巨大障碍 
The task was a formidable one. 这任务非常艰巨。
We have a formidable task ahead of us. 我们面临着一项艰巨的任务。

In grammar, verbal means relating to a verb. 动词的
You use verbal to indicate that something is connected with words and the use of words. 词语的; 文字的
verbally 口头地
You use verbal to indicate that something is expressed in speech rather than in writing or action. 口头的
verbal |英 ['vɜːb(ə)l]  美 ['vɝbl]| adj. 口头的；言语的；动词的；照字面的/n. 动词的非谓语形式/
...a verbal noun.…一个动名词。
The test has scores for verbal skills, mathematical skills, and abstract reasoning skills.该项测试对文字表达技能、数学技能和抽象推理技能进行记分。
Dave drank heavily and became verbally abusive.戴夫喝多了，嘴里脏话连篇。
They were jostled and subjected to a torrent of verbal abuse.他们被推来搡去，并受到了潮水般的辱骂。


n. [C]（餐馆等的）菜单:
n. [C] 饭菜:
n. [C] 计算机屏幕上显示的（功能选择）菜单，选项:
menu |['menju:]
special menu 特色菜单 
set menu 套餐菜单 
lunch menu 午餐菜单 
dessert menu 甜点单 
drinks menu 酒水单 
May we have the menu? 我们可以看一下菜单吗？
What’s on the menu this evening? 今晚有些什么菜？ 
Try out the menu on a few friends. 请几个朋友来尝尝这道菜。
Passengers are offered a daily choice of menu. 乘客可以选择每天的饭菜。
edit, help menu 编辑菜单；帮助菜单 
a pull-down menu 下拉式菜单 
main menu 主菜单 
menu item 菜单项 
menu interface 菜单界面

adj. [术语] 辅助的、次要的，如副的:
n. [usually pl.] 穿着的或携带的配饰（用以和衣服搭配），如皮带、围巾、包等:
n. [usually pl.] 机器设备等的附件、配件；起装饰作用的附属物:
n. [C] [法律] ~ (to sth) 罪犯的从犯、同谋、帮凶:
accessory |[əkˈsesəri]
the accessory muscles of respiration 副呼吸肌 
Forster established the essentiality of minerals as accessory food factors required for maintaining life. 福斯特证实了矿物质作为辅助食物因子在维持生命方面的重要性。
optional accessory 自选配件 
fashionable, stylish accessory 时尚饰品；时髦的饰品 
This silk scarf is the perfect accessory for stylish summer evenings. 这条丝巾是时尚夏夜的理想配饰。
fashion, hair accessory 时装饰品；发饰 
travel accessory 旅游时的附带用品
essential, must-have accessory 必不可少的附件；必备的配件 
car accessory 汽车配件 
bicycle accessories 自行车附件 
a range of furnishings and accessories for the home 各种各样的家居装饰物及配件 
an exclusive range of hand-made bedroom and bathroom accessories 独家经营的一系列手工卧室和浴室配件
He was charged with being an accessory to murder. 他被控为谋杀罪的从犯。
She was charged with being an accessory to the embezzlement of funds. 她被指控为这起挪用公款案的从犯。
an accessory before/after the fact(= a person who knows about a crime before/after it was committed and protects the criminal）（法律）事前/事后从犯 
If you were tying to the police, then you have been an accessory after the fact for all these years. 你若对警察撒了谎，那么你这些年来就一直在犯事后包庇罪。

n. [C]（尤指某领域中的）传奇性的人物:
n. [C] [术语] 地图（或书中图表）的解释:
n. [C, U]（可真可假的）传奇故事、传说（可以发生在过去，也可以发生在现在）:
n. [C] [正式]（标志、徽记、硬币等物品上的）铭文:
legend |[ˈledʒənd]
She was a legend in her own lifetime. 她在世的时候就是一个传奇人物。
living legend 活生生的传奇人物 o movie stars who become living legends 成为活传奇的影星 
basketball, music, rock, screen legend 篮球界的传奇；音乐传奇；摇滚乐的传奇人物；银幕传奇 
Hollywood legend 好莱坞的传奇
old legend 古老的传说 
Greek legend 希腊传说 
the legend of Robin Hood 罗宾汉的传奇故事 
the heroes of Greek legend 希腊传说中的英雄 
the legends of ancient Greece 古希腊传说 
Legend has it that the lake was formed by the tears of a god. 据传说这个湖是一位神仙的眼泪积聚而成的。
The incident has since become a family legend. 此事自此成为了家族传奇。
His frequent brushes with death are the stuff of legend among the press. 他频繁地与死神擦肩而过，成了报章杂志的热门猛料。
The story of how she was rescued has already passed into legend. 她被救的经历已经成了传奇故事。
He told us the legend of the ghostly horseman. 他给我们讲幽灵骑士的传说。
The legend of his supernatural origins lives on. 他不是肉体凡胎的传说仍在流传。
Legend says that the forest is cursed. 传说那是一片受了诅咒的森林。
According to ancient legend, the river is a goddess. 据古代传说，这条河是位女神。
There have always been stories of human giants in Celtic legend and mythology. 凯尔特神话传说中一直都有巨人的故事。
legends about the Vikings关于维京人的传说 
The story is part of the ancient legend of King Arthur.这个故事是亚瑟王的古老传说的一部分。
Legend has it that the Bridge of Sighs got its name from the cries of prisoners being led across it.传说叹息桥的名字源于囚犯过桥时发出的叹息声。
the myths and legends of Mexico 墨西哥神话传说 
The island has long been the subject of legend. 这座岛屿长期以来一直是传说的主题。

n. [C] 假设性的认为:
n. [C, U] [正式] assumption of sth（责任的）承担:
n. [C]（在没有证据的前提下做出的）假设、假定:
n. [C, U] [正式] assumption of sth（权力的）开始拥有，即取得:
assumption |[ə'sʌmpʃn]
There is an underlying assumption that the unemployed are reluctant to work. 人们都下意识地认为失业的人不愿意工作。
We need to challenge some of the basic assumptions of Western philosophy. 我们有必要向西方哲学的某些基本假设提出质疑。
Dr Subroto questioned the scientific assumption on which the global warming theory is based. 苏布罗托博士质疑全球变暖理论所依据的科学假设。
Your argument is based on a set of questionable assumptions. 你的论证建立在一套有问题的假设上。
the assumptions underlying their beliefs 构成他们信仰的基础的种种假设 
Lots of evidence supports this assumption. 许多证据支持该假设。
We are working on the assumption that the techniques are safe. 我们是在假定这些技术安全可靠的前提下工作的。
It was impossible to make assumptions about people's reactions. 臆断人们的反应是不可能的。
His actions were based on a false assumption. 他的行为基于错误的设想。
They have taken a wrong turning in their assumption that all men and women think alike. 他们错误地设想所有男女均见解一致。
There is an underlying assumption that the unemployed are reluctant to work. 人们都下意识地认为失业的人不愿意工作。
shared assumptions between teachers and parents 老师和家长共同的假设 
She's always making assumptions about how much money people have. 她总在猜人们有多少钱。
I set the table for eight people, on the assumption that Jo would come. 我假定乔也会来，所以准备了八个人的餐具。
We are working on the assumption that everyone invited will turn up. 我们假定了每一个人都会应邀出席并正就此做出安排。
assumptions about how women should behave 关于女性应如何行事的种种假设
The government have retained the support which greeted their assumption of power last March. 自从在刚过去的三月掌权以来，政府的支持率依旧未减。
their assumption of control 他们的取得控制

vt.（正式、官方或公开地）宣布或发表意见（此时与announce和declare几无差别），一般不太用于日常生活中的非正式场合（而announce和declare则可表示非正式场合中“正式宣布”）:
vt. 发一个字词或字母的音，即发音。是此义的常规用词:
pronounce |[prə'naʊns]
He pronounced the country to be in a state of war. 他宣布全国进入战争状态。
The committee has pronounced in favour/favor of the merger. 委员会已表示支持合并。
The judge will pronounce sentence today. 法官将于今天宣判。
She pronounced him the winner of the competition. 她宣布他是竞赛的优胜者。
I now pronounce you man and wife. 我现在正式宣布你们结为夫妻。
She was pronounced dead on arrival at the hospital. 到达医院时她被宣告已经死亡。
to pronounce an opinion 发表意见 
Reality TV was officially pronounced dead by the critics. 评论界正式宣布真人秀没有生命力。
He pronounced himself delighted with the judge’s decision. 他宣布自己对法官的判决感到高兴。
Very few people can pronounce my name correctly. 很少有人能把我的名字念正确。
The ‘b’ in lamb is not pronounced. lamb中的b不发音。

vi. continue (as sth) 仍然在某一职位上，即留任:
vi. 朝相同的方向走去（或移动）:
vt.＆vi. 1 保持存在或发生（而不停止），即继续存在、继续发生。是“继续”的常规用词:
2 continue (with sth) 继续做某事（而不停止）:
to continue with the project 继续做这个项目 3（停顿一段时间后）开始或再次开始，即继续，相当于resume:
vi. continue (as sth) 仍然在某一职位上或条件中，即留任、维持原状:
vi.（停顿后）再次开始说，即继续说、接着说:
vi. 朝相同的方向延伸:
continue |[kən'tɪnju:]
I want you to continue as project manager. 我要你留任项目经理。
She will continue in her present job until a replacement can be found. 在找到替换人员以前，她将继续做她目前的工作。
He continued on his way. 他继续走他的路。
The exhibition continues until 25 July. 展览要持续到7月25日。
to continue for three months 持续三个月 
The rain continued to fall all afternoon. 这场雨整整下了一下午。
She wanted to continue working until she was 60. 她想要继续工作到 60 岁。
The story continues in our next issue. 这篇故事我们将在下一期里继续刊载。
I want you to continue as project manager. 我要你留任项目经理。
Please continue--I didn’t mean to interrupt. 请继续往下说，我并非有意打断你的话。
‘In fact,’ he continued, ‘I’d like to congratulate you.’ “其实，”他接着说，“我想向你表示祝贺。” 
The path continued over rough, rocky ground. 这条小路穿过了崎岖不平的石头地。

vt. ~ sb/sth (as sth) 以某种方式理解…，如看作、视为、认为:
vt. 注意到、觉察到（尤指不明显的东西）:
vt. 意识到（尤指不明显的东西）:
perceive |[pəˈsi:v;美pərˈs-]
This discovery was perceived as a major breakthrough. 这一发现被视为一项重大突破。
She did not perceive herself as disabled. 她没有把自己看成残疾人。
They were widely perceived to have been unlucky. 人们普遍认为他们的运气不佳。
Stress is widely perceived as contributing to coronary heart disease. 压力被广泛认为是导致冠心病的一个因素。
The General's words were perceived as a threat by neighbouring countries. 将军说的话被邻国看作是一种威胁。
It is widely perceived as a women's health problem, but it does also affect men. 这被广泛看作是女性健康问题，但实际上也影响男性。           
to dimly perceive the baby in the presence of a huge shape 隐约注意到婴儿胎位的大形状 
the world of directly perceived objects 直接感知的物质世界 
I perceived a change in his behaviour. 我注意到他举止有些改变。
The patient was perceived to have difficulty in breathing. 发现病人呼吸困难。
'Precisely what other problems do you perceive?' she asked. “你究竟还发现了什么问题？”她问道。
Risks are perceived differently by different people. 不同的人对风险的感知程度不同。
The industrial bias of canal building can be readily perceived by looking at Figure 7.3. 从图7.3中可以很容易地看出开凿运河主要出于工业目的。
She perceived that all was not well. 她意识到并非一切都顺利。
A key task is to get pupils to perceive for themselves the relationship between success and effort. 关键任务是让学生们自己认识到成功和努力之间的关系。
The remedy for the problem was only dimly perceived by scientists until recently. 直到最近科学家们才隐约意识到解决该问题的办法。

n. [C] 打算去做的事情；待处理的问题或任务。尤指（难办或诱人的）事情，任务:
vt. 直接向某人提出性要求，即求欢:
n. [C] [数学] 命题:
n. [C]（尤指业务上的）提议、建议、提出的行动计划（提出建议者和倾听者通常共同执行该提议）:
n. [C] [正式] 观点、见解:
n. [sing.]（也可用Proposition）（美国）法律修正议案:
proposition |[ˌprɒpəˈzɪʃn;美ˌprɑ:p-]
Getting a work permit in the UK is not always a simple proposition. 在英国获得工作许可证往往不是一件简单的事情。
Getting a job is not always a simple proposition. 找工作并不总是一件简单的事。
Even among seasoned mountaineers Pinnacle Ridge is considered quite a tough proposition. 即使在经验丰富的登山者中，平纳克尔峰也被认为是很难攀登的。
Making easy money has always been an attractive proposition. 轻松赚钱总是件诱人的事。
difficult, tricky proposition 棘手的事 
expensive proposition 费钱的事 
all-or-nothing proposition（美）孤注一掷的事 
dangerous, dicey（美）, risky proposition 危险的事；碰运气的事；冒险的事 
Running the business was one thing. Getting it to make a profit was a different proposition altogether. 经营管理企业是一回事，要能使之盈利则完全是另一回事。
She was propositioned by a strange man in the bar. 酒吧里有个陌生男人向她求欢。
He had allegedly tried to proposition a colleague. 据说他曾试图向一名同事求欢。
business, commercial, economic, paying proposition 业务上的提议；商业上的提议；经济方面的提议；带来利润的提议 
I'd like to put a business proposition to you. 我想向您提个业务上的建议。
I want to make you a proposition. 我想给你提一个建议。
He was trying to make it look like an attractive proposition. 他正设法使他的计划显得吸引人。
You came to see me at my office the other day with a business proposition. 几天前你带着一份商业提案来我的办公室见我。
losing proposition（尤美）亏本的提议 
Ring up your agent in New York and put your proposition to him. 给你在纽约的代理人打电话，把你的建议告诉他。
Her assessment is based on the proposition that power corrupts. 她的分析是建立在权力使人堕落的观点上的。
The proposition that democracies do not fight each other is based on a tiny historical sample. 认为民主国家互不争斗的观点是以一个极小的历史样本为根据的。
basic, central, fundamental proposition 基本主张；主要主张 
true proposition 真实看法 
abstract, empirical, existential, general, theoretical proposition 抽象的观点；基于经验的观点；存在主义的论点；总的论点；理论观点 
dubious proposition 可疑的观点 
simple proposition 简单的想法 
a set of proposition 一套主张 
The book puts forward a number of propositions about the nature of language. 这本书对语言的本质提出了一些见解。
How did you vote on Proposition 8? 对于第8项修正案你是怎么投的票？
Vote Yes on Proposition 136, but No on Propositions 129, 133 and 134. 对第136号修正案投赞成票，但对第129号、133号和134号修正案投反对票。

adj. 由于新东西已经被发明出来而不再被使用的，如被淘汰的、被废弃的、过时的:
obsolete |[ˈɒbsəli:t;美ˌɑ:bsəˈli:t]
obsolete technology 过时技术 
With technological changes many traditional skills have become obsolete. 随着技术的革新，许多传统技艺已被淘汰。
So much equipment becomes obsolete almost as soon as it's made. 这么多设备几乎一生产出来就要被淘汰。
Their work is now rendered obsolete by machines. 他们的工作已被机器淘汰。

adj. 1 ~ (to sb/sth) 某事物（如因为透明、隐匿或极小）不能被看见的，隐形的:
2（故事中的人或事物）隐身的、隐形的:
3 [常用于名词前] 无形（但确实有效果或影响）的:
4 [经济学]（收入）无形的（与服务而非商品有关，如银行业或旅游业的收入）:
n. [pl.] invisibles可指赚取无形收入的服务行业（如银行业、旅游业）:
adj. 被人忽视的、不为人注意的:
invisible |[ɪnˈvɪzəbl]
The belt is invisible even under the thinnest garments. 这种腰带即便在最薄的衣衫下都看不出来。
stars invisible to the naked eye 肉眼看不见的星球 
She felt invisible in the crowd. 她觉得自己淹没在人群中。
The lines were so finely etched as to be invisible from a distance. 线条被蚀刻得如此精细，在远处看都看不见。
Infrared light is invisible to the human eye. 人眼看不见红外线。
It's interesting how women are rendered invisible in these statistics. 从这些统计数字中根本看不出女性的存在，所用的手法真是有趣。
The Invisible Man《隐形人》
a wizard who could make himself invisible 能隐身的术士 
He wished that he could make himself invisible. 他希望自己能够隐身。
Parents fear they might overstep these invisible boundaries. 父母担心他们可能会逾越这些无形的界限。
Her father's face had suddenly tightened as though he was being strangled by invisible hands. 她父亲的脸突然僵硬了，仿佛是被无形的双手扼住了脖子。
invisible earnings 无形收益 
Tourism is Britain's single biggest invisible export. 旅游业是英国最大的一项无形输出。
The revenue from tourism is the biggest single item in the country's invisible earnings. 旅游业收入是该国无形收益当中最大的一项。
It was strange, how invisible a clerk could feel. 一名办事员会感到如此受人忽视，令人觉得不可思议。
The problems of the poor are largely invisible. 穷人的问题大多不受重视。

n. [U] 白昼、白天:
n. [U] 日光:
daylight |[ˈdeɪlaɪt]
The public has access during daylight hours. 日间公众可以进入。
The machines roar incessantly during the hours of daylight. 机器在白天隆隆地响个不停。
I can see better in daylight. 白天我看得比较清楚。
The street looks very different in daylight. 在白天大街显得很不一样。
They left before daylight (= before the sun had risen). 他们天亮前就走了。
She was up before daylight. 天还没亮她就起床了。
By daylight the fire was almost under control.到天亮时，火势基本被控制住了。
Quinn returned shortly after daylight yesterday morning. 昨天早上天刚亮奎因就回来了。
It was still daylight but all the cars had their headlights on. 还是大白天，但所有汽车的前灯都亮起来了。
Lack of daylight can make people feel depressed. 日晒不足会让人情绪低落。
broad, full daylight光天化日 
He was robbed in broad daylight. 他在光天化日之下被抢了。
A girl was attacked on a train in broad daylight. 光天化日之下，一个女孩在火车上遭到了袭击。
The recent murder happened in broad daylight in a supposedly 'safe' part of London. 最近的这起谋杀案是光天化日之下在伦敦一个据称“安全”的城区发生的。
bright daylight 灿烂的阳光 
I prefer to work in natural daylight. 我喜欢在自然光线下工作。
The thin curtains let in the daylight. 阳光透过薄薄的窗帘照了进来。
The shutters were closed to keep out the daylight. 百叶窗关着，遮住了阳光。
They emerged from the church into the bright daylight. 他们走出教堂来到明亮的日光下。
The prisoners emerged blinking into the daylight. 囚犯们眯着眼睛走进明亮的日光中。
A little daylight was filtering through the curtains. 一缕阳光透过窗帘照射进来。
He drew back the curtains and the daylight flooded in.他拉开窗帘，阳光照了进来。
The daylight penetrated to the far corners of the room。阳光透进房间，连远处的角落都能照到。
Around 6a.m. daylight broke. 将近早上6点的时候，天开始透亮。
The evening turned cool as daylight faded. 傍晚的天气随着日光渐弱转凉了。

vt. 给予某人一个特定的等级或头衔，如授予、册封:
vt. 引起、造成或产生（某种感觉或印象）:
vt. 使某事发生或存在，如创造:
create |[krɪ'eɪt]
The government has created eight new peers. 政府新封了八个贵族。
He was created a baronet in 1715. 他于1715年被封为准男爵。
The company is trying to create a young energetic image. 该公司正试图塑造一个充满活力的年轻形象。
The announcement only succeeded in creating confusion. 那通告反而引起了混乱。
They’ve painted it red to create a feeling of warmth. 他们把它刷成红色以营造一种温暖的感觉。
Scientists disagree about how the universe was created. 科学家对宇宙是怎样形成的有分歧。
to create wealth 创造财富 
to create jobs 创造就业机会 
Create a new directory and put all your files into it. 创建一个新的目录，然后把你所有的文件都放进去。
Try this new dish, created by our head chef. 品尝一下这道新菜吧，是我们厨师长首创的。

n. [C] 一个地区有主教的大教堂，即主教座堂、教区总教堂:
cathedral |[kəˈθi:drəl]
St Paul's Cathedral 圣保罗大教堂 
magnificent Cathedral 庄严的大教堂 
baroque, Gothic, medieval Cathedral 巴洛克式大教堂；哥特式大教堂；中世纪大教堂 
Anglican, Catholic Cathedral 圣公会大教堂；天主教大教堂 
The great Gothic Cathedral dominates the city. 那座宏伟的哥特式大教堂俯瞰整个城市。
Cathedral city（尤英）大教堂所在城市 
the cathedral city of Canterbury 有主教座堂的坎特伯雷市 
Cathedral church（尤英）大教堂 
Cathedral bell, Cathedral spire 大教堂的钟；大教堂的尖顶 
Cathedral choir, Cathedral organist 大教堂的唱诗班；大教堂的管风琴手 
We went to mass in the Cathedral. 我们去大教堂做弥撒。

adj. 摄氏的，摄氏度的，等于Celsius:
n. [U] 摄氏度:
centigrade |['sentɪɡreɪd]
a temperature of 37 degrees centigrade 37摄氏度的温度 
temperatures in centigrade and Fahrenheit 摄氏和华氏温度 
water temperature in centigrade 用摄氏度表示的水温

n. [C] ~ (on sth) 征收额，尤指税款:
vt. ~ sth (on sb/sth) 行使官方权力来征收（税款等）:
levy |[ˈlevi]
to put/impose a levy on oil imports 对进口石油征税 
an annual motorway levy on all drivers 以所有司机为征收对象的高速公路年税 
a tax levied by the government on excess company profits 政府对公司超额利润征收的税 
They levied religious taxes on Christian commercial transactions. 他们对基督徒的商业交易征收宗教税。
Taxes should not be levied without the authority of Parliament. 未经议会授权不得征税。

 In this discussion, the emphasis is on the catalog asset, but the treatment is applicable to any asset group.  在当前的讨论中，重点是在目录资产上，但是处理方法对于任何资产组都是适用的。
 It uses the information from the statistics in the system catalog.  它使用来自系统编目中统计信息中的信息。
 Next, upload the files to the catalog.  接下来，将文件上传到目录。
catalog |英 ['kætəlɒɡ]  美 ['kætəlɔg]| n. [图情][计] 目录；登记/vt. 登记；为…编目录/vi. 编目录；按确定价格收入目录（等于catalogue）/



adj. ~ to sth 专心于某事的；献身于某事的；致力于某事的:
adj. 1 已婚的:
2 [只用于名词前] 婚姻的；结婚的:
married |[ˈmærid]
My brother is married to his job. 我弟弟一心扑在工作上。
She was a very strict Christian who was married to her job. 她是个虔诚的基督徒，对工作全身心投入。
I have little time for women because I'm married to my cricket, so I'm leaving the arrangements to my sister. 我把全部心思都放在了板球上，很少有时间交女友，所以便把约会一事交由姐姐来安排。
married man, married woman 已婚男子；已婚女子 
Is he married? 他结婚了吗？
All her friends are now married with children. 她的所有朋友都已结婚生子。
a happily married couple 一对幸福结合的伉俪 
She's married to John. 她嫁给了约翰。
She is married to an Englishman. 她嫁给了一个英格兰人。
She's married to an actor. 她嫁给了一个演员。
When did you get married? 你什么时候结的婚?
Rachel and David are getting married on Saturday. 雷切尔和戴维将在星期六结婚。
How long have you been married? 你结婚多长时间了？
We have been married for 14 years. 我们已经结婚14年了。
The newly married couple left for their honeymoon in Spain. 这对新婚夫妇动身到西班牙度蜜月去了。
I wouldn't have felt properly married if it hadn't been a church wedding. 如果不是在教堂举行了婚礼，我还不会觉得已真正结了婚。
Are you enjoying married life? 你喜欢你的婚姻生活吗？
Her married name (= the family name of her husband) is Jones. 她婚后随夫姓琼斯。
For the first ten years of our married life we lived in a farm-house. 我们结婚的头十年住在一座农舍里。

adj. 1 与国家、政府或公共事务有关的:
2 与不同的政治团体相关的，尤指与各党派的政策和争斗有关的:
3（人）关心政治的，政治上活跃的，或有坚定政治信仰的:
4 与一个组织内的权力、地位等相关的，即争权夺利的，人事纠纷的:
political |[pə'lɪtɪkl]
political power 政治权力 
a political prisoner 政治犯 
a highly political issue 高度政治化的问题 
political works 具有政治性的作品 
political decision 政治性的决定 
I have no intention of getting political. 我无意涉及政治。
political debate, political party, political leader 政治辩论；政治党派；政治领袖 
What are your political sympathies? 你认同哪个政党？
She became very political at university. 她上大学时开始十分热衷于政治。
I’m not a political animal. 我不是搞政治的那种人。
The company is full of political disputes. 这家公司内部充满了人事纠纷。
to be dismissed for political reasons 因为人事上的原因而被解雇

n. [C] 绕在…周围的、细的、扁平的、戴在头上或手腕上的装饰性带子或圆环:
n. [C] 绕在…周围（如用以捆绑或加固、或构成服饰的一部分）的一条细的、扁平的带子或圆圈:
n. [C]（无线电波的）波段或频带:
n. [C] 带状（如颜色带、光带、衣服等事物上的条纹等）:
vt. 常用被动式，在…周围加上不同颜色或材料的条:
n. [C]（因有共同的兴趣、信仰、观点或想法等而聚在一起共同做某事的）一群人，即趣味相投的群体:
n. [C] 带状物（如颜色带、光带、土地带、衣服等事物上的条纹等）:
vt. 常用被动式，在…周围加上不同颜色或材料的条:
n. 1 [C]（演奏流行音乐、爵士乐、摇滚乐等的）乐队（通常还包括一名或若干名歌手）。该词是乐队的常规用词:
2 [C]（演奏管乐和打击乐的）乐队:
n. [C]（数目、年龄、价格等的）范围，段（可用于计数或测量之目的）:
vt. [英] 常用被动式，将价格、收入等划分档次或等级:
band |[bænd]
a wrist-band 腕带 
to tie her hair back in a band 用一条带子把她的头发扎在后面 
He wears a band of silver on his finger. 他戴着一枚银戒指。
to place a metal band around his broken leg 在他受伤的腿上安装一个金属箍
band of frequencies 频带 
a 20-50 metre band 20-50米的波段
a white plate with a red band around the edge 带红边的白盘子 
This insect is banded black and yellow. 这只昆虫有黑色和黄色的条纹。
a small band of rebels 一小股叛乱份子 
a band of outlaws 一帮歹徒 
a band of soldiers 一群士兵 
a band of volunteers 一批志愿者 
select band（尤英）精英群体 
merry band 快活的一伙人
bands of woods 一行行的树林 
a white plate with a red band around the edge 带红边的白盘子 
This insect is banded black and yellow. 这只昆虫有黑色和黄色的条纹。
a singer in a rock band 摇滚乐队的歌手 
a drummer with a jazz band 爵士乐队的鼓手 
big band 大型乐队 
string, wind band 弦乐队；管乐队 
backing band 伴奏乐队 
school band 校乐队 
band leader 乐队首席 
a military band 军乐队
age, price, tax band 年龄段；价格范围；课税等级
Salary is banded according to job performance. 薪水是按工作绩效划分等级的。
Tax is banded according to income. 赋税是按收入划分等级的。

vt. [正式] 找出或查明关于某事的真实情况或正确信息:
ascertain |[ˌæsəˈteɪn;美ˌæsərˈt-]
It can be difficult to ascertain the facts. 可能难以查明事实真相。
I ascertained that the driver was not badly hurt. 我已查清，驾驶员伤势不重。
It should be ascertained that the plans comply with the law. 须要弄清楚，这些计划要合法。
The police are trying to ascertain what really happened. 警方正设法查清到底发生了什么。
Could you ascertain whether she will be coming to the meeting? 请你弄清楚她来不来开会好吗？
It must be ascertained if the land is still owned by the government. 必须确定这块土地是否仍属于政府所有。
Through doing this, the teacher will be able to ascertain the extent to which the child understands what he is reading. 这样一来，老师就能确定孩子们对他所读的内容理解多少了。
Once they had ascertained that he was not a spy, they agreed to release him. 一旦确认他并非间谍，他们即同意将他释放。
The geographical spread of the industry in the 16th century is hard to ascertain, for much of it is poorly recorded. 该行业在第16世纪的地理分布状况很难查清，因为历史记录很少。           

n. [U] 准确、精确或正确（是一种状态）；熟练地做某事而不出差错的能力（如准确、精确或正确的程度）:
accuracy |['ækjərəsɪ]
the accuracy of the information 信息的准确性 
factual, scientific accuracy 事实的准确度；科学的准确性 
to achieve historical accuracy in every detail 让每个细节都与历史吻合 
the accuracy of data 数据的准确性 
the accuracy of forecasts 预报的准确性 
the accuracy of his statement 他的陈述的准确性 
She hits the ball with great accuracy. 她击球十分准确。
The needle has to be positioned with pinpoint accuracy. 针刺的位置必须精确无误。
The missiles are capable of a very high degree of accuracy. 这些导弹的命中精度非常高。

vt. [正式] 对某事有影响:
vt. inform sb (of/about sth)（尤指正式地）将某事告知给某人，即知会，通知:
vt. inform yourself (of/about sth) 找出关于某事物的信息，即了解:
inform |[ɪn'fɔ:m]
Religion informs every aspect of their lives. 宗教影响着他们生活的各个方面。
Please inform us of any changes of address. 地址若有变动请随时通知我们。
‘He’s already left,’ she informed us.“他已经走了。”她告诉我们说。
I am not advising you. I am merely informing you of the situation. 我不是在给你提建议，我只是把情况告诉你而已。
Patients were informed adequately of the risks. 充分告知了患者相关的风险。
I regret to inform you that you have been unsuccessful in your application. 我遗憾地通知您，您的申请未能成功。
We need time to inform ourselves thoroughly of the problem. 我们需要时间对这个问题有个透彻的了解。

prep. 在电影或戏剧中与某人合演，即联袂演出:
adj. 常用于名词前，与某事物截然不同的:
n. [C] 与…截然相反或对立的人或事物:
adj. 1 只用于名词前，处于某个区域的另一侧且常与…相面对的:
2 用于名词后，指面对（说话者或其他人或事物）的:
adv. 对面:
prep. 处于某个区域的另一侧，且常与…相面对:
opposite |['ɒpəzɪt]
She starred opposite Tom Hanks. 她与汤姆·汉克斯联袂主演。
in the opposite direction 在反方向上 
She tried calming him down but it seemed to be having the opposite effect. 她试着让他平静下来，却似乎火上浇油了。
students at opposite ends of the ability range 能力差距两极的学生
Hot and cold are opposites. 热和冷是对立面。
What is the opposite of heavy? 重的反义词是什么？
Exactly the opposite is true. 事实恰恰相反。
In temperament, she was the complete opposite to her sister. 她和她姐姐的性格截然不同。
The effect was exactly the opposite to what he intended. 效果与他的意图正好相反。
opposites attract 异性相吸
Answers are given on the opposite page. 答案在对页上。
on the opposite side of the road 在马路对面 
the opposite end of the country 该国的另一端 
the opposite corner of the room 房间里的另一个对角 
the house directly opposite 正对面的房子 
He sat down in the chair opposite. 他在对面的椅子上坐了下来。
He lives opposite. 他住在对面。
See opposite for further details. 详情见对页。
He looked up at the buildings opposite. 他抬头看了看对面那些楼。
I sat opposite him during the meal. 席间我坐在他的对面。
The bank is opposite the supermarket. 银行在超市对面。
Write your address opposite your name. 在姓名旁边写上你的地址。

vt.&vi.（在时间上）在…之前发生（或出现）:
vt.&vi.（顺序）先于:
vt.&vi.（句、段、章节）在…之前:
vt.&vi.（位置）在…前面:
precede |[prɪˈsi:d]
the years preceding the war 战前的几年 
His resignation was preceded by weeks of speculation. 在他辞职之前，有关的猜测已持续了几个星期。
Intensive negotiations between the main parties preceded the vote. 主要政党在选举前进行了集中的谈判。
The earthquake was preceded by a loud roar and lasted 20 seconds. 地震前有一阵巨大的轰隆声，持续了20秒钟。
She preceded me in the job. 她是我这工作的前任。
in the moments which immediately preceded the earthquake 就在地震发生之前的时刻 
Victories are often preceded by minor setbacks. 胜利之前常常会遇到一些小挫折。
He gestured to Alice to precede them from the room. 他给艾丽斯做手势，让她在他们前面离开房间。
She preceded him out of the room. 她先于他走出屋子。
See the preceding chapter. 请见前一章。
Look at the information that precedes the paragraph in question. 查看正在讨论的这段文字前面的信息。
Repeat the exercises described in the preceding section. 把前一节要求的练习重做一遍。
They were preceded by mounted cowboys. 他们前面是骑马的牛仔们。

You refer to the period of time or the thing immediately before the one that you are talking about as the preceding one. 前面的
preceding |英 [prɪ'siːdɪŋ]  美 ['prisidɪŋ]| adj. 在前的；前述的/v. 在...之前（precede的ing形式）/
She informed us that eighteen members of the staff had left during the preceding year.她当时告知我们，18位教职员在此前的一年里离开了。
As we saw in the preceding chapter, groups can be powerful agents of socialization.如我们在前一章所见，团组可以是社会化的有力动因。


n. 1 [C] 英雄，尤指男英雄:
2 [C] 所崇拜的对象，即偶像，尤指男性偶像:
n. [C] 在北美英语中可指长卷三明治，即将长卷面包纵向切开，内夹各种食物，也叫潜艇三明治（submarine sandwich或submarine）:
n. [C] 书籍、戏剧、电影或故事等艺术形式中的男主人公，男主角:
hero |['hɪərəʊ]
the brave heroes who died for their country 为国捐躯的勇士 
folk, national hero 民间的英雄；民族英雄 
fictional, mythical hero 虚构的英雄；神话中的英雄 
war hero 战争英雄 
Olympic hero 奥运英雄 
He was hailed as a hero after the rescue. 那次营救行动之后他就被誉为英雄。
hero figure 英雄形象 
a boyhood hero 少年时的偶像 
Bugs Bunny was one of my childhood heroes. 兔八哥是我儿时的偶像之一。
comic, football, musical hero 漫画英雄；足球偶像；音乐偶像 
Einstein is the all-time hero of many scientists. 爱因斯坦是众多科学家心中无与伦比的英雄。
the hero of the novel 这部小说的主人公 
romantic, tragic hero 言情剧主角；悲剧主角 
action hero 动作片主角 
Tom Cruise played the hero. 汤姆·克鲁斯扮演主角。

n. [C] [尤英] 邮递员、邮差:
postman |['pəʊstmən]
The dog is chasing a postman. 那条狗在追一个邮递员。
village postman 村里的邮递员
