invade						侵略，侵扰
correct						正确的，纠正，批改，调节
symmetry				对称
helmet				头盔
time					时间，一段时间，时刻，次
view								观点，思维方式，视野，景色，看
receipt								收据，收到
management				管理，控制
perfect				完美的，精确的，完全的
conductor						指挥，向导，导体
objective				公正的，客观的，宾语的，目标
beverage		饮料
manipulate				操作，控制，篡改
counterpart				相当的人，对应物，副本
persecute				迫害，纠缠
marital				婚姻的
spiral				螺旋形的，不断上升或下降
designate						命名，指派
provide							提供，规定
symposium				专题研讨会
technical						技术的，专业的
individual					个人，个体
present								在场的，当前的，礼物，提交，呈现，介绍
mercury				汞
Mercury				水星
level							水平的，不相上下的，平静的
simply								简单的，朴素的，仅仅，的确
excursion						远足，涉足，离题
bandage						绷带
gene							基因
recycle							回收利用
\\\\\\\\

vt. 大量进入一个地方，尤指造成损害或混乱地涌入:
vt. 以一种烦人的方式干扰、袭扰某事物:
vt.&vi. 用军事力量入侵一个国家、城镇等，即侵略、侵犯:
vt. 以一种烦人的方式侵犯别人的私生活:
invade |[ɪnˈveɪd]
Demonstrators invaded the government buildings. 大批示威者闯进了政府办公大楼。
As the final whistle blew, fans began invading the field. 比赛结束的哨声一响，球迷便开始冲入球场。
People invaded the streets in victory processions almost throughout the day. 几乎一整天,大街上都挤满了欢庆胜利的游行队伍。
Every so often the kitchen would be invaded by ants. 厨房常常会遭到大批蚂蚁的进犯。
The cancer cells may invade other parts of the body. 癌细胞可能扩散到身体的其他部位。
Do the press have the right to invade her privacy in this way? 新闻界有权以这种方式干扰她的私生活吗？
to invade territory 入侵领土 
When did the Romans invade Britain? 古罗马人是何时侵略英国的？
Troops invaded on August 9th that year. 军队是在那年的8月9日入侵的。
The Romans and the Normans came to Britain as invading armies. 罗马人以及诺曼人通过军事入侵来到英国。
In autumn 1944 the allies invaded the Italian mainland at Anzio and Salerno. 1944 年秋，盟军从安齐奥与萨勒诺攻入意大利本土。
Do the press have the right to invade her privacy in this way? 新闻界有权以这种方式干扰她的私生活吗？

adj. 在乎（言谈举止），使其符合公认准则的，即得体的:
adj. 1 准确的；没有任何错误的，精确的；正确的。相当于right:
2 恰当的或合适的，因此某事得到正常或正确执行的:
vt. 1 通过改动或清除错误来使某事物正确或准确，即改正，纠正，修正。是一个常规用词:
2 告诉某人其犯了一个错误，或指出其错误:
vt.（教师）批改（论文）:
vt.（教师）批改（作业、论文等）:
correct |[kə'rekt]
a correct young lady 举止得体的年轻女士 
He is always very correct in his speech. 他说话总是很有分寸。
Do you have the correct time? 你的表走得准吗？
the correct answer 正确答案 
correct details 准确无误的细节 
‘Are you in charge here?’ ‘That’s correct.’ “你是这里的负责人吗？”“是的。”
His first idea proved correct. 他的第一个想法证明是对的。
What you say is perfectly correct. 你所说的完全正确。
He is not entirely correct in his assumptions. 他的假设不完全正确。
legally, technically correct 法律上正确；技术上正确 
morally correct 道德上正确 
The sentence is grammatically correct, but not very idiomatic. 这句话语法上正确，但不太合乎语言习惯。
the correct way to shut the machine down 关闭这台机器的正确方法 
a correct decision 正确的决定
to correct mistakes of an article 纠正文章的错误 
to correct eyesight 矫正视力 
to correct a statement 更正一份声明 
Correct me if I’m wrong. 若是我说错了就请指出。
‘It’s Yates, not Wates,’ she corrected him.“那是Yates而不是Wates。”她纠正他道。
I spent all evening correcting essays. 我整个晚上都在批改论文。
I spent all evening correcting essays. 我整个晚上都在批改论文。

n. [U]（各种力量等的）平衡:
n. [U]（某事物的两个部分或两侧在尺寸和形状方面）对称:
n. 1 [U]（在一个关系或协议中双方给予或接受的数量）相等:
2 [U]（国家、机构、局势的）非常相似或相等:
symmetry |[ˈsɪmətri]
the symmetry between different forces 不同力之间的平衡
the incredible beauty and symmetry of a snowflake 雪花难以置信的美丽和对称 
the perfect symmetry of the garden design 花园图案的完全对称 
I loved the house because it had perfect symmetry. 我喜欢这所房子，因为它非常对称。
The trees break the symmetry of the painting. 这些树打破了画中的对称格局。
an axis of symmetry 对称轴 
the symmetry between different forces 不同力之间的平衡
The superpowers pledged to maintain symmetry in their arms shipments. 超级大国承诺在武器运输方面要保持数量均衡。
the increasing symmetry between men's and women's jobs 男女职业的日渐趋同 
He said that Britain would not rejoin the ERM 'until there is much greater symmetry between our economy and other European economies.' 他说在英国经济与其他欧洲国家的经济实现更大的趋同性之前，英国不会重新加入欧洲汇率机制。

n. [C] 头盔:
n. [C] 头盔:
n. [C] 头盔:
helmet |['helmɪt]
protective helmet 防护头盔 
combat, riot helmet 作战头盔；防暴头盔 
motorcycle, safety helmet 摩托车头盔；安全头盔 
football helmet 美式橄榄球头盔 
policeman’s helmet（尤英）警用头盔 
helmet visor 头盔面罩
leather, metal, steel helmet 皮革头盔；金属头盔；钢盔 
protective helmet 防护头盔 
full-face helmet 全护式头盔 
combat helmet 作战头盔 
helmet visor 头盔面罩
bicycle, motorcycle, safety helmet 自行车头盔；摩托车头盔；安全头盔

n. [pl.] times可表示现代的时尚、品味和发展，即时代潮流:
n. 1 [U] time to do sth 一段时间；（可用于工作、休息等的）一段时间:
2 [sing.] 或长或短的一段时间（在此期间内做某事或某事发生）:
3 [sing.] 相当长的一段时间:
4 [U, pl.] 与某些事件或某些人的人生经历有关的一段历史，即时期；时代；年代；世道等:
5 [sing.] 生命的期限，或做某事所用的时间总量（即期限）:
6 [C]（以某种方式所经历或体验的）时间或时刻、场合:
7 [C, U]（完成速度比赛或其他竞赛项目）所用的时间:
vt. 测定…所需要或花费的时间，计时:
n. [C] 时机:
vt. 常用被动式，指选择…的时机:
n. [C]（做某事或某事发生的）次，回；还可指时机:
n. 1 [U]（以分钟、小时、天等计量的）时间:
2 [U] 钟表所显示的小时、分钟或秒，即时间，时刻，钟点:
3 [U]（世界某一地区所计量的）时间:
time (for sth)（某事发生或其应该发生的）时间:
vt. 常用被动式，指为做某事（或为某事的发生）安排时间:
n. [sing.] 生命的期限，或做某事所用的时间总量（即期限）:
n. [pl.] 用于数字之后表示倍数:
conj. 乘，乘以:
vt.（在一场体育比赛中）在某一时刻击球（或踢球）:
n. 1 [U] 音乐中的拍子；节拍。仅为不可数名词:
2 [U] 一首乐曲的正确的（或恰当的）速度或节奏:
time |[taɪm]
This approach is now seriously out of step with the times. 这种方法如今与时代潮流严重脱节。
to give me time 给我时间 
free, leisure, spare time 空闲时间；闲暇；业余时间 
Do you have time for a chat? 你有时间聊会儿吗？
a long time 很长一段时间 
I lived in Egypt for a time. 我在埃及住了一阵子。
The early morning is the best time of day. 清晨是一天当中最好的时光。
He stayed for quite a time. 他呆了很长一段时间。
the violent times we live in 我们生逢的乱世 
Times are hard for the unemployed. 对失业者来说，时世艰难。
good times 好日子 
ancient times 古时候 
in times of trouble 在困难时期 
He knows his time is running out. 他知道自己的时间不多了。
Did you have a good time in Spain? 你在西班牙过得愉快吗？
I had an awful time in the hospital. 我在医院的日子可真难熬。
The winner’s time was 11.6 seconds. 获胜者的时间是11.6秒。
record time 破纪录的时间 
time trial 计时赛 
The winner was timed at 18 seconds. 获胜者用的时间为18秒。
Time how long it takes you to answer the questions. 记一下自己回答这些问题所需的时间。
appropriate, good, suitable time 恰当的时机；好时机；合适的时机 
bad, wrong time 不当的时机；错误的时机 
Your time will come. 你的机会会来的。
The time is ripe for revolution. 革命时机已经成熟。
Their request was badly timed. 他们的要求提得不合时宜。
I timed our visit for March 7. 我把我们访问的时间定在3月7日。
The meeting is timed for 3 o’clock. 会议时间安排在3点。
a beautifully timed entrance 时间掌握得恰到好处的入场
every time 每次 
next time 下次 
He failed his driving test three times. 他考了三次驾驶执照都没通过。
When was the last time you saw her? 你上次是什么时候见到她的？
time and space 时间和空间 
a period of time 一段时间 
How time flies! 光阴似箭！
Time heals all wounds. 时间能医好一切创伤。
It was only a matter of time. 这只是一个时间问题。
The time is now half past ten. 现在是十点半。
What time is it 几点了？
This time tomorrow I’ll be in Canada. 明天这个时候我就在加拿大了。
time zone 时区 
Pacific Standard Time 太平洋标准时间 
6 o’clock local time 当地时间6点钟 
What time do you finish work? 你什么时候下班？
It’s time for lunch. 午餐时间到了。
The train arrived right on time. 火车准点到达。
arrival, departure time 抵达时间；启程时间 
This campaign is well timed. 这次活动的时间安排得很好。
The schedule must be carefully timed. 日程必须仔细安排。
Now that Martin has begun to suffer the effects of AIDS, he says his time is running out. 马丁已开始遭受艾滋病的折磨，他说自己时日不多了。
Its profits are rising four times faster than the average company. 其利润正以快于一般公司四倍的速度增长。
Four times six is 24. 4乘以6等于24。
She timed the pass perfectly. 她传球的时机掌握得恰到好处。
This piece is in four-four time. 这首乐曲为四分之四拍。
a slow waltz time 缓慢的华尔兹节拍 
double, quick time 两拍；快拍 
Try and dance in time to the music. 要跟上音乐的节奏跳舞。
Clap your hands to keep time. 随着节奏拍手。

view sb/sth with sth 以某种方式来看待某人或某事物，即把…视为…，以…看待…:
n. 1 [U, sing.] 用于谈论你是否能看见…（或在某种情况中某事物是否可被看到），如观看，看，视野，视线等:
2 [C] 也可用viewing，观看（或瞻仰）…的一次特别的机会，如一睹:
vt. 1 看某事物（尤指仔细观看）:
2 察看房子等（以便购买或租用）:
n. [C] 从某处所看到的景色（尤指乡间美景）:
vt. [正式] 观看电视、电影等:
n. 1 [C] view (about/on sth)（就某事所持有的）个人看法，对某件事的态度。可以是某个人的看法，也可以是一群人的看法。此时与opinion几无差别:
2 [sing.] view (of sth) 理解所思考某事的方式，即理解（或思维）的方式，方法:
n. [C]（展示了一个有趣的地方或景色的）一张图画，即风景画:
n. [C] 展示了一个有趣的地方或景色的一张照片，即风景照:
view |[vju:]
vt. view sb/sth as sth 
She viewed him with suspicion. 她以怀疑的目光看待他。
These results should be viewed cautiously. 应当谨慎看待这些结果。
Try to view the situation objectively. 要尽量客观地看待这种情况。
This conduct is not viewed as acceptable. 这种行为被认为是不可接受的。
He is widely viewed as a possible leader. 人们普遍认为他有可能成为首领。
The lake soon came into view. 那湖很快映入眼帘。
There was nobody in view. 一个人也看不见。
Sit down--you’re blocking my view. 坐下，你挡住我的视线了。
He was shot in full view of a large crowd. 他在众目睽睽之下遭枪杀。
bird’s-eye view 鸟瞰图 
back, front view 背视图；前视图 
close view 近景 
We take a long-term view of the business.（比喻用法）我们从长远的眼光来看待生意。
a private view 画展预展 
to view her work 观赏她的作品 
a viewing platform 观景台 
The property can only be viewed by appointment. 只有预约方可察看这处房产。
magnificent views of the surrounding countryside 四周乡间的秀丽景色 
commanding, expansive, sweeping view 居高临下的景观；开阔的景致；一览无余的景色 
ocean（尤美）, sea（尤英）view 海景 
I’d like a room with a view. 我想要一个可以观赏风景的房间。
viewing audience 观众 
to view the movie 看影片
In my view it was a waste of time. 依我看，这是浪费时间。
a frank exchange of views 坦诚交换意见 
prevailing view 盛行的观点 
personal views 个人观点 
conflicting view 相冲突的观点 
philosophical, political view 哲学观点；政治观点 
He has an optimistic view of life. 他乐观地看待人生。
the Christian view of the world 基督教的世界观 
The traditional view was that marriage was meant to last. 传统的观念是结成夫妻就要白头到老。
negative, pessimistic view 消极的观点；悲观的看法
a book with views of Paris 一本有巴黎风光的书

n. [U] receipt (of sth) 正式用法，指接收…、收到…:
n. [C] receipt (for sth) 收据，收条，凭条（美式英语中也用sales slip）:
n. [C] 复数形式receipts在商业中可表示企业、银行、政府等收到的款项，收入:
receipt |[rɪ'si:t]
Are you in receipt of any state benefits? 你目前是否享受政府补助金？
I would be grateful if you would acknowledge receipt of this letter. 如您能告知收到此信，我将感激不尽。
organizations in receipt of UN funding 收到联合国资助的机构 
The closing date for receipt of your application is July 14. 申请函最后的受理日期是7月14日。
The goods will be sent on receipt of your payment.（尤英）收到货款后会立即发货。
Items should be paid for within 14 days of receipt. 收到货品14天内应付款。
ATM（尤美）, credit-card receipt 自动柜员机凭条；信用卡凭条 
a receipt made out for £5 5英镑的收据 
original receipt 原始收据 
receipt book 收据簿 
receipt printer（美）收据打印机 
to issued a receipt for the goods on request 根据需要为货物出具收据 
Could I have a receipt for that please? 请给我开个收据好吗？
You can claim a refund provided you keep the receipt. 你要有收据才可以要求退款。
net receipts 纯收入 
annual receipts 年收入 
capital receipts（英）资本收入 
tax receipts 税收收入 
cash receipts 现金收入 
dollar receipts 美元收入 
box-office, gate receipts 票房收入；门票收入 
receipts from land sales 出售土地所得的收入 
receipts and expenditure, receipts and expenditures（均尤美）收入与支出 
receipts and payments 收入与支出

Management is the way people control different parts of their lives. (对生活的) 管理
You can refer to the people who control and organize a business or other organization as the management. 管理层
Management is the control and organizing of a business or other organization. (对企业等组织的) 管理
management |英 ['mænɪdʒm(ə)nt]  美 ['mænɪdʒmənt]| n. 管理；管理人员；管理部门；操纵；经营手段/
...her management of her professional life.…她对自己职业生涯的管理。
We need to get more women into top management.我们需要让更多的女性进入高管层。
The management is doing its best to improve the situation.管理层正在尽全力改善局面。
The dispute is about wages, working conditions, and the management of the mining industry.这场争端涉及工资、工作环境和采矿业的管理。
The zoo needed better management rather than more money.动物园需要更好的管理而非更多的钱。


adj. perfect for sb/sth 对于…来说正合适的，理想的，相当于ideal:
vt. 使某事物完善或完美，或尽己所能来变得完善或完美:
adj. 与动词完成时有关的:
n. [sing.] the perfect（也可用the perfect tense）完成时:
adj. 只用于名词前，全部的，完全的，彻底的:
adj. 完全正确的，准确的，精确的，地道的:
adj. 1 具有所有必要的东西的，即完备的；完整且没有瑕疵、缺点或弱点的，即完美的，完全的:
2 同类中最佳或最优秀的:
3 极好的，很好的，非常好的:
perfect |['pə:fɪkt,pə'fekt]['pə:fɪkt][pə'fekt]
It was a perfect day for a picnic. 那是野餐最理想的天气。
She’s the perfect candidate for the job. 她是这项工作的最佳人选。
‘Will 2.30 be OK for you?’ ‘Perfect, thanks.’ “2:30对你合适吗？”“正合适。谢谢。” 
The town’s position in the region makes it perfect for touring. 这个城镇在此地区的地理位置使它成为理想的观光地。
As a musician, she has spent years perfecting her technique. 身为音乐家，她多年来在技艺上精益求精。
‘I have eaten’ is the present perfect tense of the verb ‘to eat’. I have eaten是动词eat的现在完成时。
I don’t know him--he’s a perfect stranger. 我不认识他，他是百分之百的陌生人。
She speaks perfect English. 她讲一口地道的英语。
perfect copy, perfect fit, perfect match 精确的副本；绝对合身；天作之合 
What perfect timing! 时机掌握得恰到好处！
in perfect condition 状况极佳 
a perfect set of teeth 一副完美的牙齿 
Nobody’s perfect. 人无完人。
He seemed too perfect to be real. 他似乎过于完美而显得不真实。
a perfect example of the painter’s early style 这位画家早期风格的典范 
the perfect crime 一直破获不了的案件 
The weather was perfect. 天气好极了。

n. [C] 物理学中可指导电或导热的物质，即导体:
n. [C] 乐队（如管弦乐队、交响乐队或合唱队）的指挥人员，尤指职业指挥家:
n. 1 [C] [美；英也用guard] 火车上的列车长或列车员:
2 [C] [英] 公共汽车等交通工具上的售票员:
conductor |[kən'dʌktə]
electrical conductor 电导体 
a good conductor of electricity 电的良导体 
lightning conductor（英）避雷装置
chief, principal conductor 首席指挥 
opera, orchestra, symphony（尤美）conductor 歌剧指挥；管弦乐队指挥；交响乐指挥 
the conductor’s baton（音乐）指挥棒
a bus conductor 公交车售票员

n. [C] [术语] 望远镜或显微镜的物镜:
adj. 1 不受个人感情或观点影响的，只基于事实来考虑的，即客观的:
2（哲学上）不存在于头脑中的，基于可被证明的事实的，即客观存在的，基于事实的:
n. [C] 企图去实现的目标:
n. [C] 企图去实现的目标:
adj. [只用于名词前]（语法上）宾格的:
objective |[əbˈdʒektɪv]
objective analysis, objective assessment, objective report 客观的分析；客观的评估 
objective criteria 客观标准 
I find it difficult to be objective where he's concerned. 只要涉及他，我就难以做到保持客观。
objective reality 客观现实
We need to establish a clear objective. 我们需要制定一个明确的目标。
to set realistic aims and objectives 设立切实可行的目标 
The legislation has failed to achieve its stated objectives. 这项法规未能达到其所宣称的目标。
the main objective of this meeting 本次会议的主要目标 
long-term, short-term objective 长期目标；短期目标 
economic, business, political, policy, strategic objective 经济目标；商业目标；政治目标；政策目标；战略目标 
course, learning, mission, research objective 课程目标；学习目标；任务目标；研究目标 
The two groups are pursuing a common objective. 这两个团体追求一个共同的目标。
The party is radical in its objectives. 该党派的目标有些激进。
We need to establish a clear objective. 我们需要制定一个明确的目标。
to set realistic aims and objectives 设立切实可行的目标 
The legislation has failed to achieve its stated objectives. 这项法规未能达到其所宣称的目标。
the main objective of this meeting 本次会议的主要目标 
long-term, short-term objective 长期目标；短期目标 
economic, business, political, policy, strategic objective 经济目标；商业目标；政治目标；政策目标；战略目标 
course, learning, mission, research objective 课程目标；学习目标；任务目标；研究目标 
The two groups are pursuing a common objective. 这两个团体追求一个共同的目标。
The party is radical in its objectives. 该党派的目标有些激进。

(chiefly in commercial use) a drink other than water.:（主要用于商业用途）水以外的饮料。
beverage |ˈbɛv(ə)rɪdʒ| Noun/:饮料

vt. ~ (sb into sth/into doing sth) 为贬义用法，表示控制某人或某事物、事件、局势，且常指暗中操控，而受控者还意识不到自己被操控:
vt. 熟练地控制或使用某事物:
vt. 熟练地控制或使用某事物:
vt. 熟练地控制或使用某事物:
vt. [术语] 医学上指正骨、治疗脱臼或对肌肉进行推拿:
manipulate |[məˈnɪpjuleɪt]
She uses her charm to manipulate people. 她利用自身的魅力来摆布别人。
As a politician, he knows how to manipulate public opinion. 身为一位政客，他知道如何左右公众舆论。
to manipulate voters 操纵选民 
She knows how to manipulate the audience. 她知道如何驾驭观众。
They managed to manipulate us into agreeing to help. 他们设法促使我们答应了提供帮助。
Children try to manipulate you. 孩子们试图摆布你。
genetically manipulated organisms 通过基因来控制的生物体 
to control and manipulate events 操控事件 
to manipulate an situation 操控局势 
to manipulate the tax system to evade tax 操控税务系统来逃税          
to manipulate the gears and levers of a machine 熟练地操纵机器的排挡和变速杆 
Computers are very efficient at manipulating information. 计算机在处理信息方面效率极高。
to manipulate a computer 操控电脑 
to manipulate puppets 操纵木偶
to manipulate the gears and levers of a machine 熟练地操纵机器的排挡和变速杆 
Computers are very efficient at manipulating information. 计算机在处理信息方面效率极高。
to manipulate a computer 操控电脑 
to manipulate puppets 操纵木偶
to manipulate the gears and levers of a machine 熟练地操纵机器的排挡和变速杆 
Computers are very efficient at manipulating information. 计算机在处理信息方面效率极高。
to manipulate a computer 操控电脑 
to manipulate puppets 操纵木偶
to manipulate my leg 对我的腿实施推拿术

n. [C]（在两个不同的地方、情形或时间中）职位（或作用）相同的人，可称为（两个地方、情形或时间中的）对应者:
counterpart |[ˈkaʊntəpɑ:t;美-tərpɑ:rt]
The Foreign Secretary telephoned his Italian counterpart to protest. 外交部长致电意大利外长表示抗议。
the modern counterparts of those medieval writers 那些中世纪作家的现代同行 
Women soldiers will join their male counterparts at the army base. 女兵将加入到这个陆军基地的男兵之中。
The women's shoe, like its male counterpart, is specifically designed for the serious tennis player. 像同类的男式鞋一样，这种女式鞋是专为认真地从事网球运动的人设计的。
The actress who played the Queen looked uncannily like her real-life counterpart. 扮演女王的演员与现实中的女王惊人地相像。
British environmentalists have their counterparts in Europe. 英国有环保主义者，欧洲也有。
corporations that trade with their counterparts in other countries 与其他国家同行做生意的公司 
The Finnish organization was very different from that of its counterparts in the rest of the Nordic region. 芬兰的这一机构和北欧其他国家的同类机构迥然不同。
the difficulty of translating terms with no direct counterpart in the other language 翻译译入语中没有直接对应词的术语的困难

vt. ~ sb (for sth) [常用被动式] 迫害某人，尤指因其种族、宗教或政治信仰而迫害:
vt. [常用被动式] 故意一直骚扰某人，让其麻烦不断:
persecute |[ˈpɜ:sɪkju:t;美ˈpɜ:rs-]
Mr Weaver and his family have been persecuted by the authorities for their beliefs. 韦弗先生和他的家人由于其信仰而遭到当局的迫害。
Throughout history, people have been persecuted for their religious beliefs. 人们因宗教信仰而受迫害的情况贯穿了整个历史。
They began by brutally persecuting the Catholic Church. 他们开始残酷迫害天主教。
persecuted minorities 被迫害的少数群体
Why are the media persecuting him like this? 新闻媒体为什么总这样揪住他不放？
He said his first wife persecuted him with her unreasonable demands. 他说他的第一任妻子总是拿无理要求纠缠他。
Tom was bullied by his father and persecuted by his sisters. 汤姆受到父亲的欺压和姊妹们的纠缠。     

Marital is used to describe things relating to marriage. 婚姻的
marital |英 ['mærɪt(ə)l]  美 ['mærɪtl]| adj. 婚姻的；夫妇间的/
Caroline was hoping to make her marital home in Pittsburgh to be near her family.卡罗琳希望把婚后的家安置在匹兹堡，离父母家近些。


vi. 螺旋式上升，盘旋式上升:
vi. 急剧增长:
n. [C]（有害的事情）（通常越来越快的）逐渐上升:
vi. 螺旋式下降，盘旋式上下降:
vi. 急剧下跌:
n. [C]（有害的事情）（通常越来越快的）逐渐下降:
vi.（使）盘旋着移动:
vi.（使）盘旋着生长:
n. [C] 螺旋的形状或样式:
adj. 螺旋形的:
vi. 螺旋式上升或下降，盘旋式上升或下降:
vi.（使）盘旋着生长或移动:
n. [C] 螺旋的形状或样式:
adj. 螺旋式的:
spiral |[ˈspaɪrəl]
the spiralling cost of health care 急剧上涨的医疗费用 
Prices are spiralling out of control. 物价飞涨，失去控制。
Production costs began to spiral. 生产成本开始急遽上升。
a spiralling trend of violence 暴力急遽上升的态势
wage-price spiral 工资和物价的交替上涨 
the upward spiral of sales 日渐上升的销售额 
There is a risk that the policy may trigger an inflationary spiral. 这一政策有可能引发通货膨胀螺旋式上升的风险。
The plane spiralled down to the ground. 飞机盘旋降落。
House prices will continue to spiral downwards. 房价将继续暴跌。
the destructive spiral of violence in the inner cities 市中心贫民区日益严重的暴力行为 
vicious spiral 恶性循环 
spiral death（美，比喻用法）死亡漩涡 
The company has entered a death spiral. 这个公司已经进入了死循环。
deflationary spiral 通货紧缩恶性循环 
The economy continued its downward spiral. 经济继续其螺旋式下降的走势。
to halt the vicious downward spiral of drug abuse 制止药物滥用的恶性发展趋势
a bullet spiralling out of a gun barrel 从枪管里飞旋而出的子弹
Vines spiraled upward toward the roof. 藤蔓盘旋着朝屋顶方向生长。
The birds circled in a slow spiral above the house. 鸟儿在房子上空缓缓盘旋。
A snail’s shell is spiral in form. 蜗牛壳呈螺旋形。
The plane spiralled down to the ground. 飞机盘旋降落。
Vines spiraled upward toward the roof. 藤蔓盘旋着朝屋顶方向生长。
a bullet spiralling out of a gun barrel 从枪管里飞旋而出的子弹
The birds circled in a slow spiral above the house. 鸟儿在房子上空缓缓盘旋。

vt. 用某个标记来标明、标示…:
~ sth (as being sth) 官方命名或官方宣布…具有某个特征；以某种方式描述某事物:
vt. ~ sb (as) sth 为某一工作或职位来选定或任命某人:
adj. [正式]（用于名词后）已受委派但尚未上任的；已当选但尚未就职的:
designate |[ˈdezɪgneɪt]
The different types are designated by the letters A, B and C. 不同的类型分别用字母A、B和C标明。           
vt. ~ sth (as) sth 
This area has been designated (as) a National Park. 本区已定为国家公园。
a designated nature reserve 指定的自然保护区 
There are efforts under way to designate the bridge a historic landmark. 人们正在努力将这座桥定为历史遗迹。
This floor has been designated a no-smoking area. 这楼层已定为无烟区。
Some of the rooms were designated as offices. 其中一些房间被指定用作办公室。
designated seats for the elderly 老人专座 
a man interviewed in one of our studies whom we shall designate as E 在我们的一项研究中接受访谈的男子，我们称之为 E 
Several pupils were designated as having moderate or severe learning difficulties. 几名学生被认定有一定或严重学习困难。
scholarships designated for minorities 专门给予少数族裔学生的奖学金 
The director is allowed to designate his/her successor. 主任获准选定自己的继任人。
Who has she designated (as) her deputy? 她委任了谁为她的副手？
the man designated to succeed the president 被指派接替校长职务的男人 
to designate someone as the spokesperson 指派某人为发言人
an interview with the director designate 与未到任主任的面谈 
Japan's Prime Minister-designate is completing his Cabinet today. 日本的当选首相今日将完成组阁。

provide sth (for sb) 把某事物给某人，或使其对该人可用，即提供、供应，相当于supply。是此义的一个常规用词:
vt. [正式]（法律或规则）规定某事将发生或规定其必须发生，即规定，相当于stipulate:
provide |[prə'vaɪd]
vt. provide sb (with sth) 
Please answer questions in the space provided. 请在留出的空白处答题。
Careers advice is provided free of charge. 免费提供职业咨询。
to provide financial help 提供财务援助 
The organization provides food and shelter for refugees. 该组织为难民提供食物与栖身之处。
The agency provides legal services to farmers. 该机构为农民提供法律服务。
He provided us with a lot of useful information. 他向我们提供了很多有用的信息。
a buffet dinner, kindly provided by club members 由俱乐部成员特意准备的自助晚餐
The final section provides that any work produced for the company is thereafter owned by the company. 最后一节规定，此后为公司创作的一切作品均为该公司所有。

A symposium is a conference in which experts or academics discuss a particular subject. 专题研讨会
symposium |英 [sɪm'pəʊzɪəm]  美 [sɪm'pozɪəm]| n. 讨论会，座谈会；专题论文集；酒宴，宴会/
He had been taking part in an international symposium on population.他那时在参加一个有关人口的国际研讨会。


adj. 1 常作前置定语，关于在科学、工业、运输、交流等活动中使用机械、材料、方法、流程等的:
2 常作前置定语，指与（某项工作、某种体育运动或某种艺术活动所用的）技能相关的:
3 与某一学科相关的（因此若对该学科所知甚少则导致难以理解的），即专业性的:
adj. 只作前置定语，与法律细节或一系列规则相关的:
technical |['teknɪkl]
technical education 技术教育 
technical problems arising from using the machine 使用该机器的过程中所遇到的技术问题 
to provide technical support for our customers 为我们的客户提供技术支持 
the technical complexity of diving 跳水的技术难度 
technical term 专业术语 
The guide is too technical for a non-specialist. 这份手册对非专业人员来说太专业了。
A lot of the discussions were highly technical. 很多讨论都是非常专业的。
to argue over technical details 就法律规则细节（或诉讼程序细则）进行辩论

adj. 1 [只用于名词前]（常用于each之后）单独的、个别的:
2 [常贬] 独特的、与众不同的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 一个人的；供一个人用的:
n. 1 [C] 个人:
2 [C] 与众不同的人、有个性的人:
n. [C] [非正式，常贬] 某类人，尤指古怪的人:
individual |[ˌɪndɪˈvɪdʒuəl]
We interviewed each individual member of the community. 我们采访了社区中的每个成员。
The minister refused to comment on individual cases. 那位部长拒绝对具体个案发表评论。
a highly individual style of dress 十分有个性的衣着风格
respect for individual freedom 对个人自由的尊重 
an individual pizza 供一人食用的比萨饼 
The competition is open to both teams and individuals. 团队和个人均可参加比赛。
Treatment depends on the individual involved. 治疗方式因人而异。
donations from private individuals (= ordinary people rather than companies, etc.) 私人捐赠 
outstanding, talented individual 杰出的人；有天赋的人 
key individual 关键人物 
powerful individual 有权势的人 
creative individual 有创造力的人 
average, ordinary individual 一般人；普通人 
private individual 私人 
The motives influencing a particular individual may change from time to time. 影响特定个体的动机可能会随时改变。
autonomous, independent individual 自主的个体；独立个体 
Society does not consist of isolated individuals, but people in a network of relationships. 社会不是一个个孤立的个体，而是由相互关联的人构成的。
unique individual 独特的人 
a group of like-minded individuals 一群志同道合的人 
We welcome applications from suitably qualified individuals. 我们欢迎符合条件的个人提出申请。
We know that all human individuals are unique. 我们知道所有人类个体都是独一无二的。
The teacher should treat each pupil as an individual. 教师应该把每位学生当成一个独立的个体来对待。
Although individuals vary widely, the bones of the average female skeleton are smaller and lighter than the male. 尽管个体差异很大，但一般来说，女性的骨骼与男性相比更小、更轻。
No single individual had done so much for the development of the motor vehicle. 没有哪一个人对机动车的发展作出过如此大的贡献。
The needs of the community outweigh those of any single. 群体的需要重于任何个人的需要。
the freedom of the individual 个人的自由 
It's up to the individual concerned to contact the police. 应该由相关人员来决定是否与警方联系。
Each course has to be tailored to the needs of the individual. 每门课程都必须根据个人的需要而设计。
respect for the individual 对个人的尊重 
Eating habits are bound to vary from individual to individual. 饮食习惯肯定因人而异。
She's grown into quite an individual. 她已经长成了一个相当有个性的人。
She had taken a group of individuals and made them into a superb team. 她接管了个性各异的一组人并把他们打造成了一个卓越的团队。
an odd-looking individual 模样怪异的人 
So this individual came up and demanded money. 于是这个怪人就走上前来要钱。

adj. present (in sth) 不作前置定语，（事物或物质、情况等）存在于某一地点或某一事物中:
vt. [正式] present yourself at, for, in, etc.（自己）正式出现在某处，如出席等。含义较广:
adj. present (at sth) 不作前置定语，（人）正在某一地，即在场，出席等:
present sth/sb/yourself as sth（以某种方式）显示，展现，表现等:
adj. 只作前置定语，现在（发生或存在）的:
n. [sing.] 通常用the present，指目前；现在:
present sth 使发生或使经历（麻烦或问题等）:
vt. present itself (to sb)（机会、答案等）突然出现、显露或产生，相当于arise:
vt. [英] 主持（广播或电视节目）:
present sth/sb/yourself as sth（以某种方式）描述。强调向更高等级的人或更大范围的、需要自己认真对待的群体来“呈现”。常需要做出认真的准备，并付出一定的（通常是较大的）努力:
vt. [正式] present sth (to sb) 用口头或书面形式来表达某事:
present sth (to sb) 把…交给某人（尤指在仪式上正式交给某人，此时可叫颁发或授予等）:
present sth (to sb) 把…提交或提出给其他人（供其参看或考虑）:
vt. [正式] present sb (to sb) 正式介绍或引见某人（尤指引见给等级或地位更高的人）:
n. [C] 礼物；礼品:
vt.（面向公众）上演（戏剧、广播、演出等）:
vt. 向某人提交支票或账单（该支票或账单需要接收者兑付或支付）:
n. [sing.] the present 现在时，相当于present tense:
present |['preznt][prɪ'zent,'preznt][prɪ'zent]
Levels of pollution present in the atmosphere are increasing. 大气中的污染程度正在加深。
Traces of arsenic were present in the body. 尸体中有微量砒霜。
This special form of vitamin D is naturally present in breast milk. 这种特殊形式的维生素D天然存在于母乳中。
Bacteria are naturally present in the environment. 细菌天然存在于环境当中。
You will be asked to present yourself for interview. 将请你到场面试。
She was ordered to present herself in court on 20 May. 她被传唤于5月20日出庭。
Get word to him right away that he’s to present himself at City Hall by tomorrow afternoon. 立即通知他，他得于明天下午之前到市政厅来。
to be present at the meeting 出席会议 
He wasn’t present at the birth of his child. 他的孩子出生时他不在场。
vt. present sth 
It is essential that we present a united front. 至关重要的是我们要表现得团结一致。
He was trying to present a kinder image. 他在努力表现出一副更和善的形象。
The papers are only briefly presented here. 这只是论文的简要介绍。
The results are presented graphically in Figure 2. 图2形象地显示了结果。
Hotel brochures are designed to present the most attractive aspects of the hotel. 宾馆的小册子旨在介绍宾馆最吸引人之处。
in the present situation 在当前形势下 
the present crisis 目前的危机 
the present owner of the house 现在的房主 
at the present time 目前 
I’m sorry he’s out at present. 很抱歉他这会儿不在。
vt. present sb with sth 
Use of these chemicals may present a fire risk. 使用这些化学品可能有失火的危险。
This presents a problem for many financial consumers. 这给许多金融消费者带来了麻烦。
The future is going to be one that presents many challenges. 未来将会带来许多挑战。
One major problem did present itself, though. 不过，确实出现了一个重大问题。
As soon as the opportunity presented itself, she would get another job. 一有机会，她就会另谋新职。
Thankfully, a solution presented itself to him surprisingly soon. 谢天谢地，他意外地很快就找到了解决方案。
She used to present a gardening programme on TV. 她曾在电视上主持一个园艺节目。
vt. present sth 
The government has presented these changes as major reforms. 政府将这些变化描述成重大改革。
The arguments were clearly presented. 这些论点表述清楚。
He presented the information to his colleagues. 他把信息告诉了同事。
to orally present 口头陈述 
The article presents these proposals as misguided. 文章把这些提案评为误导的产物。
Please allow me to present my apologies. 请允许我表示歉意。
vt. 1 present sb with sth 
Betty will present the prizes to the winners. 贝蒂将给获胜者颁奖。
Colleagues presented him with a set of golf clubs. 同事们赠给他一套高尔夫球杆。
The sword was presented by the family to the museum. 这家人把宝剑捐赠给了博物馆。
2 present sth (for sth) 
The committee will present its final report to Parliament in June. 委员会将于六月向议会提交最后的报告。
Eight options were presented for consideration. 已提出八个备选方案供审议。
May I present my friend to you? 请允许我向您介绍我的一位朋友。
Fox stepped forward, presented him to Jack. 福克斯向前跨了一步，把他正式介绍给了杰克。
Christmas present 圣诞礼物 
anniversary, birthday, wedding present 周年纪念日礼物；生日礼物；结婚礼物 
going-away（尤美）, leaving（尤英）present 临别礼物；告别礼物 
to exchange presents 互送礼物 
make sb a present of sth 将某物赠送给某人
to present a play with gay characters 上演有同性恋角色的戏剧
A cheque presented by Tom was returned by the bank. 银行退回了汤姆提交的支票。
to presente a bill 送来一份账单


mercury |英/美 ['mɝkjəri]| n. [化]汞，水银/



n. [U] mercury（化学符号为Hg）指水银、汞:
n. [sing.] 水星:
Mercury |[ˈmɜ:kjəri;美ˈmɜ:rk-]
mercury thermometer 水银温度计 
poisoning mercury 有毒的水银

n. [C]（看待、回应、应对或理解事物的）某种方式；思考的层次:
vt. 完全摧毁一栋建筑或一些树木，即夷平，相当于raze。与其它表示“毁灭”的词相比，level更强调毁灭后所形成的“平地感”，即所有原本站立在地面上的事物（如房屋或树木）已完全变成平地的一部分，不再凸出于地面:
adj. [尤英] level (with sb) 体育运动中可指与某人得分相同的:
adj.（声音或目光）无任何感情的，即平静的；冷静的；平稳的。相当于even:
vt.（指责或批评）针对:
vt. level sth (at sb) 对准或瞄准某人（尤指用枪）。暗示出枪口与目标之间直线相对，强调一种直接性和准确性。与point异曲同工:
n. [C] 水平仪，相当于spirit level:
n. [C, U]（与地面相对的）高度:
n. [C] 土地的地层。并不强调沉积，也并不常用:
n. [C, U]（与地面或过去的位置相对的）高度。与height有交集，在交集部分，二者可互换使用:
adj. level (with sth) 与…有相同的高度、位置、地位、价值等的。所形容的对象常可用高低标准来衡量:
vt.＆vi. 使相等；使平等；使相似:
adj.（某人）接近（某人或某事物）的:
adv. 接近（某人或某事物）:
vt.（指责或批评）针对:
vt. level sth (at sb) 对准或瞄准某人（尤指用枪）。暗示出枪口与目标之间直线相对，强调一种直接性和准确性。与point异曲同工:
n. [C] 水平仪，相当于spirit level:
adj. 表面平坦且没有斜坡的。与flat未见明显差别:
vt. level sth (off/out) 使…平坦或平整:
n. [C] 建筑物的楼层。不过依然带有几何上的层级色彩。在使用上虽然与本组其它词没什么区别，但不如floor常用:
n. 1 [C]（某事某情况下，A事物中所存在的B事物的）数量（具体可叫做程度、浓度等）:
2 [C, U] 某种标准、水平或品质、品级，程度上的差别。是“水平”的常规用词:
3 [U, C]（规模、重要性或尺寸上的）级别，如组织或机构中的等级:
level |['levl]['levl]
Fables can be understood on various levels. 寓言可从不同的角度去理解。
conscious, subconscious, unconscious level 意识层面；潜意识层面；无意识层面 
practical, theoretical, political, tactical, micro level 实际层面；理论层面；政治层面；战术层面；微观层面 
On a personal level, I would like to thank Jean for all the help she has given me. 从个人的角度，我愿感谢琼给予我的一切帮助。
The blast levelled several buildings in the area. 那次爆炸把当地几座建筑物夷为平地。
The storm levelled sugar plantations. 这场暴风雨夷平了甘蔗种植园。
France took an early lead but Wales soon drew level. 法国队开始领先，但很快就被威尔士队把比分扳平。
a level gaze 目光平静的凝视
Allegations of corruption were levelled at him and his family. 对腐败的指控是针对他和他的家人的。
I had a gun levelled at my head. 有一支枪对准了我的头。
the water level of the Mississippi River 密西西比河的水位 
the problem of rising sea levels 海平面日益升高的问题 
to raise the level of the bank 加高堤岸 
one metre below ground level 地面下一米深的地方 
200 m above sea level 海拔200米 
The plane was flying at a very low level. 飞机正在超低空飞行。
below the level of the clouds 在云层以下
Archaeologists found pottery in the lowest level of the site. 考古学家在挖掘现场的最下层发现了陶器。
ground, sea, water level 地平面；海平面；水位 
eye, knee level 平视高度；膝盖高度 
The plane was flying at a very low level. 飞机当时正在超低空飞行。
below the level of the clouds 在云层以下
Are these pictures level? 这些画挂齐了吗？
to keep wages level with inflation 使工资与通货膨胀保持相同的水平 
She drew level with the police car. 她开车赶上来和警车并排行驶。
The top of the water came level with her chin. 水面已经到她的下巴了。
Davies levelled the score at 2 all.（英）戴维斯把比分扳成2:2平。
until they were level with the door 直到他们接近门口时 
We drew level with the gates. 我们向大门口接近。
Allegations of corruption were levelled at him and his family. 对腐败的指控是针对他和他的家人的。
I had a gun levelled at my head. 有一支枪对准了我的头。
Pitch the tent on level ground. 把帐篷搭建在平地上。
Make sure you get the shelf level before screwing it in. 拧螺丝之前一定要将架子放平。
Keep the pot level, or you’ll spill the coffee. 把壶端平，否则会把咖啡洒出来。
If you’re laying tiles, the floor will need to be levelled first. 你如果要铺瓷砖，得先整平地面。
The library is all on one level. 图书馆全部在同一层楼上。
a multi-level parking lot 多层停车场 
Take the elevator to Level Four. 乘电梯到四层。
the level of alcohol in the blood 血液中的酒精含量 
blood-sugar level 血糖水平 
radiation level 辐射量 
a relatively low level of crime 相对低的罪案数字 
low pollution levels 轻度污染 
poverty level 贫困程度 
Industrial output has reached record levels. 工业产量已达到创纪录的水平。
a high level of achievement 高水平的成就 
students at intermediate level 中等水平的学生 
a computer game with 15 levels 15个级别的电脑游戏 
He studied French to degree level. 他的法语学到了拿学位的水平。
I refuse to sink to their level. 我不愿堕落到他们那种地步。
the lowest level of inflation 最低水平的通货膨胀 
Her illness has reached an advanced level. 她的病已经是晚期。
difficulty level 难度 
fitness level 健康水平 
educational level 教育水平
to take my career to the next level 让我的事业提升一个层次 
the upper levels of the civil service 高级公务员 
international, national, regional level 国际级别；国家级别；地区级别 
grass-roots level 基层民众 
He rose to the level of general manager. 他升到了总经理的级别。

in a straightforward or plain manner:以直接或简单的方式
merely, just:只是，只是
absolutely, completely (used for emphasis):绝对，完全（用于强调）
used to introduce a short summary of a situation:用于介绍情况的简短摘要
simply |ˈsɪmpli| Adverb/:简单地,只是,简单地说,简直
she spoke simply and from the heart:她说话简单，发自内心
simply complete the application form:只需填写申请表
it makes Trevor simply furious:it让特雷弗怒不可遏
quite simply, some things have to be taught:很简单，有些东西必须教

n. [C] [正式] ~ into sth 对新事物或不同活动的短期涉猎（或涉足）:
n. 1 [C] 尤指以游玩为目的的短途旅行或短途远足:
2 [C]（尤指旅行社组织的对某地的）短途旅游:
excursion |[ɪkˈskɜ:ʃn;美ɪkˈskɜ:rʒn]
After a brief excursion into drama, he concentrated on his main interest, which was poetry. 他短暂涉猎过戏剧之后便把全部精力投入到他的主要兴趣——诗歌中去了。
Radio 3's latest excursion into ethnic music, dance and literature. 第三广播台最近开始涉及有关少数民族音乐、舞蹈和文学的节目 
The few excursions into stylistic experiment do not entirely come off. 几次体裁上的尝试都不算很成功。
her first excursion into business 她第一次涉足商务
They've gone on an excursion to York. 他们到约克旅游去了。
In Bermuda, Sam's father took him on an excursion to a coral barrier. 在百慕大，萨姆的父亲带他到附近的珊瑚礁去游玩。
brief, little, short excursion 简短旅行；短暂旅行；短途旅行 
day, evening, full-day, half-day, weekend, week-long excursion 白天的旅行；晚上的旅行；全天的旅行；半天的旅行；周末的旅行；一周的旅行 
three-day excursion 三天的游行 
annual excursion 年度旅行 
outdoor excursion 户外旅游 
boat, coach（英）, train excursion 乘船旅行；乘大客车旅行；乘火车旅行 
shopping, sightseeing excursion 购物旅行；观光旅行 
We decided to make an all-day excursion to the island. 我们决定去岛上—日游。
We also recommend a full day optional excursion to the Upper Douro. 我们还推荐去杜罗河上游的短途自选一日游。
Another pleasant excursion is Malaga, 18 miles away. 另一个非常不错的短途旅游是去18英里以外的马拉加。
We signed up for a shore excursion to New Orleans. 我们报名参加了—个去新奥尔良海滨的旅游。
Our ship offers 13 different excursions. 我们的船提供 13 种不同的旅游路线。
Princess Tours runs independent excursions from selected hotels. 公主旅行社在精选出的酒店中经营独立的旅游线路。
He took us on an excursion to the ruined city. 他带我们去游览那座城市的遗迹。

n. [C] 绷带:
vt. bandage sth (up) 用绷带包扎（身体部位）:
bandage |['bændɪdӡ]
She had a bandage on her arm. 她胳膊上扎着绷带。
Apply a dressing to the wound and bandage it. 在伤口上敷上敷料并用绷带包扎起来。

n. [C] [生物学] 基因:
gene |[dʒi:n]
dominant, recessive gene 显性基因；隐性基因 
abnormal, defective, mutant gene 畸形基因；有缺陷的基因；突变的基因 
human gene 人类基因 
people who carry the gene that causes this disease 携带这种致病基因的人 
The gene is passed on to their children. 这种基因遗传给了他们的孩子。
We may be able to identify the genes responsible for disease resistance. 我们也许能识别出抗病基因。
Genes control the development of an embryo. 基因控制胚胎发育。
A gene pool of at least 300 animals is necessary to maintain a healthy tiger population. 需要一个至少有300头动物的基因库才能维持一个健康的老虎种群。
gene defect, gene mutation 基因缺陷；基因突变 
Gene mutations are alterations in the DNA code. 基因突变是指DNA密码的改变。
gene sequence 基因序列 
gene therapy 基因疗法 
An individual may pass on to future generations its genes for tallness. 一个人身高的基因可能会遗传给其后代。
genes that code for the colour of the eyes 为眼睛的颜色编码的基因

vt. 再次使用相同的想法、方法、玩笑等:
vt. 再次使用相同的想法、方法、玩笑等:
vt. 对事物的回收利用、再利用:
recycle |[͵ri:'saɪkl]
to recycle the idea 再次使用那个点子 
to recycle his arguments 重复他的论点
to recycle the idea 再次使用那个点子 
to recycle his arguments 重复他的论点
to recycle domestic waste 回收利用生活垃圾 
recycled paper 再生纸 
These materials are recycled into other packaging products. 这些材料被回收后制成其他包装产品。
The packaging can be recycled. 包装可以回收。
recycled waste, recycled materials 回收的废物；循环使用的材料
