celebrate				庆祝，主持
fireman				消防队员
recognize				认出，承认，赞赏
recovery				康复，找回，恢复
recognition				认出，承认，赞誉
congratulate							向...祝贺
devise				设计，发明
evacuate				撤出，抽空
dialog				对话
banquet				宴会，赴宴
move				移动，行进，搬家，进展
contradict					与...相矛盾，反驳
corporation					大公司
prisoner					犯人
accommodation							住所，和解
embassy								大使馆
respect								尊敬，考虑，谨慎，方面，问候
fragile					易碎的，娇嫩的，脆弱的
deficit					赤字
grandmother					奶奶
compensate							赔偿，补偿
paralyze					使...瘫痪
evaluate						评价，评判
excessive							过高的，过分的
orderly					有序的，守秩序的
salesman						推销员
curiosity						好奇，珍稀物
discipline						纪律，惩罚，学科，训导
equal							相同的，平等的，等于
soldier						士兵，从军
\\\\\\\\

vt. [正式] 赞扬（或歌颂、颂扬）…:
vt.＆vi. 通过做某件特别的事来表明一天（或一个活动）是重要的，即庆祝、庆贺:
vt. 主持宗教仪式（尤指圣餐）:
celebrate |['selɪbreɪt]
a movie celebrating the his life and work 颂扬他生平事迹的影片
Jake’s passed his exams. We’re going out to celebrate. 杰克已通过考试，我们要出去庆祝一下。
We celebrated our 10th wedding anniversary in Paris. 我们在巴黎庆祝结婚10周年。
to celebrate New Year 庆贺新年


fireman |英 ['faɪəmən]  美 ['faɪrmən]| n. 消防队员；救火队员；锅炉工/n. (Fireman)人名；(英)法尔曼/



vt. be recognized (as sth) 被大众所公认为非常好或非常重要:
vt. recognize sb/sth (as sth) 正式接受（或认可、赞成、批准）某人（或某事物）:
vt. 对某人所做过（或达成）的某事表示正式感谢:
vt. recognize sb/sth (by/from sth) 当看到或听到某人（或某事物）时，知道其是谁（或是什么），因为以前看到过或听到过，即认识，认出，辨别出:
vt. 1 recognize sth (as sth) 承认（或意识到）某事物存在（或属实），相当于acknowledge:
2 理解；认识到。此时与realize在词义上未见明显差别，但recognize仅为及物动词:
recognize |['rekəɡnaɪz]（英也用recognise）
The book is now recognized as a classic. 这本书现在是一部公认的经典著作。
She’s a recognized authority on the subject. 她在这个学科上被公认为权威。
recognized qualifications 承认的资格 
to recognize the new regime 承认新政权 
He is recognized to be their natural leader. 人们都承认他是他们的当然领袖。
The company should publicly recognize its mistake. 该公司应该公开承认错误。
The court explicitly recognized the group’s right to exist. 法院明确承认该团体的生存权。
He readily recognizes the influence of Freud on his thinking. 他坦然承认弗洛伊德对他思想的影响。
His services to the state were recognized with the award of a knighthood. 他被封为爵士，以表彰他对国家的贡献。
I recognized him as soon as he came in the room. 他一进屋我就认出了他。
Do you recognize this tune? 你能听出这是哪支曲子吗？
I immediately recognized the building. 我立刻认出了那座建筑。
I vaguely recognized his voice. 我大致听出了他的声音。
They recognized the need to take the problem seriously. 他们认识到需要严肃对待这个问题。
Nobody recognized how urgent the situation was. 谁也没意识到形势有多么紧急。
We recognized that the task was not straightforward. 我们意识到这个任务并不简单。
They fully recognize the need to proceed carefully. 他们充分意识到继续谨慎行事的必要性。
The company had been slow to recognize the opportunities available to it. 公司慢慢才认识到存在某些潜在的机会。

n. [U] ~ (of sth)（对已丢失或被盗物品的）找回:
n. [U]（也可用recovery room [C]）（供刚做完手术的病人使用的）监护室:
n. 1 [U, C, usually sing.] ~ (from sth)（疾病或受伤后的）恢复、康复:
2 [U]（身体或精神状态的）恢复:
n. [U, C, usually sing.] ~ (in sth) 改善、复苏、重新变得更强，常指经济的复苏或好转:
recovery |[rɪˈkʌvəri]
There is a reward for information leading to the recovery of the missing diamonds. 凡能为找回丢失的钻石提供线索者可获奖赏。
A substantial reward is being offered for the recovery of a painting by Turner. 为追回特纳的一幅画，已发布了重金悬赏令。
She has a reasonable prospect of recovery from the insurer. 她有望从保险公司拿到赔偿。
My father has made a full recovery from the operation. 我父亲手术后已完全康复了。
She is on the road to (= making progress towards) recovery. 她正在康复之中。
He made a remarkable recovery from a shin injury. 他的胫骨伤恢复得相当不错。
He had been given less than a one in 500 chance of recovery by his doctors. 他的医生们认为他康复的几率不足1/500。
Carole, a compulsive pot smoker and alcoholic in recovery 卡萝尔，一位正在戒断康复当中的大麻吸食者和酗酒者 
the abrupt loss and recovery of consciousness 意识的突然丧失和恢复
The government is forecasting an economic recovery. 政府预测经济会复苏。
Interest-rate cuts have failed to bring about economic recovery. 利率下调没有带来经济复苏。
In many sectors of the economy the recovery has started. 许多经济领域已经开始复苏。
a recovery in consumer spending 消费支出的回升 
The economy is showing signs of recovery. 经济呈现出复苏的迹象。

n. [sing, U] ~ (that…)（对…的存在性、真实性或官方地位的）承认、认可:
n. [U] ~ (for sth)（对某人的成果或行为的）公开赞赏，如赞誉、赏识、认可:
n. [U] 认出；识别出:
George said, 'Ida, how are you?' She frowned for a moment and then recognition dawned. 'George Black. Well, I never.'. 乔治说:
n. [sing, U] ~ (that…)（对…的存在性、真实性或官方地位的）意识、认识:
recognition |[ˌrekəgˈnɪʃn]
a growing recognition that older people have potential too 越来越多的人认识到老年人也是有潜力的 
There is a general recognition of the urgent need for reform. 人们普遍认识到迫切需要改革。
The CBI welcomed the Chancellor's recognition of the recession and hoped for a reduction in interest rates. 英国工业联合会对财政大臣承认经济出现衰退表示欢迎，并希望能出台降低利率的政策。
to seek international recognition as a sovereign state 寻求国际上的承认，承认它是一个主权国家 
South Africa gave diplomatic recognition to Rwanda's new government on September 15. 南非于9月15日正式承认了卢旺达的新政府。
His government did not receive full recognition by Britain until July. 他的政府直到7月份才得到英国的正式承认。
Brazil normalized its diplomatic relations with South Africa in recognition of the steps taken to end apartheid. 巴西恢复了与南非的外交关系，以示对其采取措施结束种族隔离的正式认可。
diplomatic recognition 外交上的承认 
formal, legal, legislative, official recognition 正式承认；法律上的认可；立法承认；官方的承认 
Twelve states have accorded de facto recognition to the new regime. 十二个州事实上承认了这一新政权。
to qualify for UN recognition as an International Biosphere Reserve 获得联合国承认的国际生物圈保护区的资格 
Official recognition of the change came fast. 这一变动很快便得到了官方的承认。
a country that has long sought recognition as a major power 长期以来寻求承认其主要强国地位的国家 
There needs to be a greater recognition of corporate crime as a social problem. 作为一种社会问题，团体犯罪应引起更大的重视。
equal recognition for the work women do 平等看待妇女的工作 
Both of these perspectives are valid and require recognition. 这两种看法都有根据，都应得到承认。
She gained only minimal recognition for her work. 她的工作仅仅得到极少的赞誉。
At last, her father's work has received popular recognition. 最后，她父亲的工作得到了大众的认可。
He is an outstanding goalscorer who doesn't get the recognition he deserves. 他是一个出色的射手，但并没有获得应有的认可。
He received the award in recognition of his success over the past year. 他受到了奖励，这是对他过去一年的成绩的肯定。
He had just received a doctorate in recognition of his contributions to seismology. 他刚被授予了博士头衔以表彰他对地震学作出的贡献。
an award in recognition of his outstanding work 表彰他出色工作的奖励 
She has worked actively but without recognition. 她工作积极，却得不到赏识。
recognition by his superiors of the service he had performed 他因表现出色而获得的上司的赏识 
They received recognition for their 20-year commitment to safety at sea. 20年来他们一直致力于海上安全工作，因而受到赞誉。
The judges selected three projects for special recognition. 评委们选了三个项目作出特别表彰。
Recognition of his talent was long overdue. 早就该认识到他的才华了。
personal recognition for your achievements 个人对您所取得成就的认可 
The award is being made in belated recognition of her services to the industry. 这一奖项是对她为本行业所作贡献的迟来的表彰。
The young talent at the club deserves wider recognition. 俱乐部中的这位年轻才子应该得到更广泛的认可。
public, social recognition 公众的认可；社会的认同 
professional recognition 专业认可 
His recitals have earned him recognition as a talented performer. 他的演奏会使他赢得了天才演奏家的赞誉。
He glanced briefly towards her but there was no sign of recognition. 他瞥了她一眼，但似乎没认出她来。
He searched for a sign of recognition on her face, but there was none. 他试图在她的脸上找出一丝认出他的神情，但是根本没有。
She stared directly at the witness but he did not show a flicker of recognition(= he did not show that he recognized her). 她径直盯着证人；而证人却显得一点儿都不认识她。
He pulled the hood of his cloak over his head to avoid recognition. 他拉起披风的帽子罩住头以防别人认出他来。
Recognition slowly dawned, and I remembered her from my college days. 我渐渐认出了她来，记得那还是大学时代的事了。
He looked up, glanced at them without recognition, and went on his way. 他抬头看了他们一眼，没认出他们，便继续向前走。
There was no recognition in his eyes(= he did not look as if he recognized her). 他看上去似乎不认识她。
character, face, fingerprint, handwriting, speech, text, voice recognition 字符识别；面孔识别；指纹识别；笔迹识别；语音识别；文本识别；声音识别 
computer recognition 计算机识别 
the automatic recognition of handwriting by computer 计算机自动识别笔迹 
The monitoring system allows recognition of pollution hot spots. 监测系统可以识别出污染产重的地区。
recognition software, recognition system, recognition technology 识别软件；识别系统；识别技术 
Many of those interviewed said their job had changed beyond recognition (= changed completely) over the past five years. 很多接受采访的人都说近五年来他们的工作发生了翻天覆地的变化。
The equipment and methods of production have improved out of all recognition(= greatly improved). 生产设备和生产方式提高之快令人难以置信。
The bodies were mutilated beyond recognition. 尸体都残缺不全，无法辨认了。
The facilities have improved beyond all recognition. 这些设备经过大幅度的改良，都让人认不出来了。
the early recognition of a disease 疾病的早期发现 
brand, name recognition 品牌知名度；知名度 
One of the main goals of marketing is name recognition. 市场营销的主要目标之一就是建立知名度。
word recognition 识字
a test of children's word recognition 儿童识字测试
a growing recognition that older people have potential too 越来越多的人认识到老年人也是有潜力的 
There is a general recognition of the urgent need for reform. 人们普遍认识到迫切需要改革。
There needs to be a greater recognition of corporate crime as a social problem. 作为一种社会问题，团体犯罪应引起更大的重视。
equal recognition for the work women do 平等看待妇女的工作 
Both of these perspectives are valid and require recognition. 这两种看法都有根据，都应得到承认。

vt. congratulate yourself (on sth) 为自己的成就或成功感到高兴和自豪:
vt. congratulate sb (on sth) 向某人道贺，祝贺:
congratulate |[kən'ɡrætʃuleɪt]
You can congratulate yourself on having done an excellent job. 你应该为你出色的工作感到自豪。
to congratulate the winner 向获胜者表示祝贺 
She congratulated me warmly on my performance. 她就我的表现向我表示热烈祝贺。

vt. 发明、设计新东西:
vt. 策划新东西或做某事的新方法:
vt. 想出新东西或做某事的新方法:
devise |[dɪˈvaɪz]
A new system has been devised to control traffic in the city. 控制城市交通的新系统已经设计出来。
New long-range objectives must be devised. 必须规划出新的长期目标。           
We devised a scheme to help him. 我们想出了一个帮他的计策。

vt.（把人从危险的地方）疏散，转移，撤离:
vt.&vi.（从危险的地方）撤出，搬出，撤空:
vt. [正式] 排空（胃肠）；排泄（粪便）:
evacuate |[ɪˈvækjueɪt]
Police evacuated nearby buildings. 警方已将附近大楼的居民疏散。
Children were evacuated from London to escape the bombing. 为躲避轰炸，孩子们都撤离了伦敦。
They were planning to evacuate the seventy American officials still in the country. 他们正计划转移仍滞留在该国的70名美国官员。
Since 1951, 18,000 people have been evacuated from the area. 自1951年以来，已有18, 000人撤离了该地区。
6 000 soldiers have been medically evacuated since the war began.（medically尤为美式用法）战争爆发以来已有6000名战士被撤离进行治疗。
to provide aircraft to help evacuate refugees 提供飞机帮助疏散难民 
Every police unit has been ordered to evacuate all civilians. 所有警察部队奉命疏散全体平民。
Helicopters were used to evacuate people from their homes. 动用了直升机把人们从居所撤离。
The man has now been safely evacuated to the mainland. 那个人已被安全撤离到大陆。
The fire is threatening about sixty homes, and residents have evacuated the area. 大火正威胁着大约六十户人家，居民已经从该地区撤离。
Employees were urged to evacuate their offices immediately. 已敦促各雇员立即从办公室撤出。
Officials ordered the residents to evacuate. 官员命令居民撤离。
Locals were told to evacuate. 当地居民已得到撤离的通知。

 For other pages/dialogs, it should go back one page or close the dialog.  至于其他页面/对话框，它应该回退一个页面或者关闭对话框。
 In this dialog, you can only open an artifact in the editor.  在这个对话框中，您只可以在编辑器中打开一个工件。
 Dialog with them.  与他们对话。
dialog |英 ['daɪəlɒɡ]  美 ['daɪə,lɑg]| n. 对话；会话/



n. 1 [C]（尤指特殊场合的）大型正式的宴会（常有人在此场合发表演讲）:
2 [C] 令人印象深刻的一顿大餐，如筵席:
banquet |[ˈbæŋkwɪt]
five-course banquet 五道菜的宴会 
formal, official banquet 正式宴会；官方宴会 
royal, state banquet 王室宴会；国宴 /awards（美）, farewell, wedding banquet 颁奖宴会；告别宴；婚宴 
The winners will be announced at the annual awards banquet. 获胜者将会在年度颁奖宴会上宣布。
medieval banquet 中世纪风格的宴会 
The kitchens are preparing for a lavish banquet. 厨房正在准备丰盛的宴会。
The president attended a state banquet last night. 总统昨晚出席了一场国宴。
a banquet for the president 为总统举行的宴会 
Over 1 600 people attended a banquet in his honour/honor. 超过1,600人出席了为他举行的宴会。

vt. move sb (from ...) (to ...) 变换或调动（某人的工作）:
n. [C]（职业的）变换；（兴趣的）改变:
vi. move (on/ahead)（在某个方向上）前进:
vi. move (on)（时间）前进，相当于progress:
vt. move sb (to sth) 使某人拥有强烈的感情（尤指同情或悲伤），即打动，使感动:
vi. move in可表示跻身于（某个社会阶层、圈子或领域）:
vt.＆vi. 改变位置，或使…改变位置（该过程可以被看到、听到或感觉到），即移动:
n. [C] 地点或位置等的变换，即移动；活动；位移:
vt. [正式] 促使（或影响）某人去做某事，相当于prompt。不太常用:
move (to do sth)（为实现或达到…所采取或需要采取的）行动、举动、做法:
vi. 采取行动；去做某事。相当于act:
vi. move (on/ahead)（在某条路径或某个方向上）取得进展，前进，进步，相当于progress:
vt.＆vi. 变化，改变…，也可叫转变，相当于shift（如改变话题；更改时间；转变状态、活动、观点、态度或立场等）:
vt. move sb (from ...) (to ...) 变换或调动（某人的工作、班级等），改变（兴趣等）。相当于transfer:
n. 1 [C] move to/away from sth（想法、态度、行为或状态的）改变；转变；动摇等。相当于shift或tread:
2 [C]（职业的）变换；（兴趣的）改变:
vt.＆vi. move (from ...) (to ...) 变换（居住或工作等的）地方，如搬家；搬迁:
n. [C] 搬家，或变换工作的地点:
vt.＆vi.（国际象棋和其他棋类游戏）走棋子；移动一颗棋子:
n. [C] 棋类游戏中可指棋子的移动，即走棋:
vt. [正式]（如在会议上）正式提出建议或提议（以供讨论或决定），相当于put forward:
move |[mu:v]
I’m being moved to the New York office. 我要调到纽约办事处去。
his move to the chairmanship 他被调任为主席职务 
a sideways move 平级调动
Share prices moved ahead today. 今天的股票价格上升了。
Time is moving on. 时间在流过。
The story moved me. 这个故事打动了我。
She moves in high-society circles in Palm Beach. 她跻身于棕榈海滩的上流社会。
Don’t move. 别动。
He could hear someone moving around in the room above. 他能听到楼上屋里有人走动。
Phil moved towards the window. 菲尔朝窗户走去。
I can’t move my fingers. 我的手指动不了了。
We moved our chairs a little nearer. 我们把椅子挪近了一点。
The train began to move. 火车开动了。
Don’t make a move! 别动！
dance, wrestling move 舞步；摔跤中的移步 
The soldier blocked the move with his free hand. 那名士兵用空着的那只手挡住了这一招式。
She made a move towards/toward the door. 她朝门口走去。
His career as an engineer has kept him on the move. 工程师这一职业使得他常年在各地奔波。
The cubs watched their mother’s every move. 这些幼崽紧盯着他们母亲的一举一动。
She felt moved to address the crowd. 她不由得想给大家讲一番话。
He works when the spirit moves him (= when he wants to). 他只有在想干活的时候才干活。
It was punk that first moved him to join a band seriously. 最初是朋克摇滚乐促使他认真地加入了一个乐队。
The management have made no move to settle the strike. 资方没有采取任何措施来解决罢工问题。
The talks represented the first significant move towards/toward peace. 会谈代表着向实现和平迈出了有实际意义的第一步。
The one-point cut in interest rates was a wise move. 利率下调一个点是明智之举。
She wondered whether she had made the right move in telling the truth. 她不知道讲了实话是否做得对。
One false move could lead to war. 走错一步就有可能引发战争。
strategic, tactical move 战略行动；战术行动 
legal, military, political move 法律行动；军事行动；政治行动 
pre-emptive, cost-cutting move 先发制人的行动；降低成本的举措 
a career move 职业生涯上走出的一步
The police moved quickly to dispel the rumours. 警方迅速采取行动来消除谣言。
Time is moving on. 时间在前进。
Share prices moved ahead today. 今天的股票价格上升了。
Things are moving fast. 事情进展很快。
The government has not moved on this issue. 政府在这个问题上没有转变。
Let’s move the meeting to Wednesday. 我们把开会时间改到星期三吧。
Let’s move to another subject, Dan. 丹，我们换个话题吧。
The Labour Party has moved to the right and become like your Democratic Party. 工党已经转向右翼，变得像你们民主党了。
Everyone thought I was crazy to go back, but I wouldn’t be moved. 人人都认为我回去是疯了，可我是不会动摇的。
I’m being moved to the New York office. 我要调到纽约办事处去。
He moved from being a part-time tutor to being a lecturer in social history. 他从一名兼职助教转变成了一名社会史讲师。
There has been a move away from nuclear energy. 人们对于核能的看法已经动摇。
his move to the left 他思想上的左倾 
Her new job is just a sideways move. 她的新工作只是平级调动。
The company’s moving to Scotland. 公司准备迁往苏格兰。
She’s been all on her own since her daughter moved away. 自从她女儿搬走以后，她一直独自生活。
What’s the date of your move? 你什么时候搬家？
move from Italy to the US 从意大利迁到美国
It’s your turn to move. 该你走棋了。
She moved her queen. 她走一步王后棋。
The game was over in only six moves. 这盘棋只走了六步就结束了。
It’s your move. 该你走了。
opening move 开局第一步棋 
chess move 棋步 
to play a move 走一步棋
to move an amendment to the Bill 对法案提出修正案 
I move that a vote be taken on this. 我提议就此进行投票。

vt. 反驳，驳斥（即认为某人所说的是错的，而相反的才是对的）:
vt.（一些陈述或证据）彼此相反，以致一定有一个是错误的，即相反，相抵触，相矛盾:
contradict |[kɒntrə'dɪkt]
All evening her husband contradicted everything she said. 整个晚上她说什么丈夫都反驳。
You’ve just contradicted yourself. 你恰好与你以前说的自相矛盾。
The two stories contradict each other. 这两种说法相互抵触。
John’s account of the event directly contradicts Stephen’s. 约翰对这件事的陈述直接同斯蒂芬的相矛盾。

n. 1 [C] 大公司:
2 [C] 在法律上被视为一个单体的一个组织或一群组织，即法人，法人团体:
n. [C] 英式英语中还可指被选举出来以管理一个大型城镇或城市（兼提供公共服务）的一群人，即市政委员会:
corporation |[͵kɔ:pə'reɪʃn][͵kɔ:pə'reɪʃn]
big, giant, huge, large, major corporation 大公司 
powerful corporation 强大的公司 
foreign corporation 外国公司 
multinational, transnational corporation 跨国公司 
private corporation 私营公司 
broadcasting, finance, oil corporation 广播公司；金融公司；石油公司 
for-profit, non-profit corporation 营利性公司；非营利性公司 
parent corporation（美）母公司 
the Chrysler corporation 克莱斯勒公司 
corporation tax（英）公司所得税 
urban development corporations 城市开发集团公司

n. [C] 被敌人捕获并被关押起来的人，即俘虏:
n. 1 [C] 囚犯，或被羁押等候审判者:
2 [C] 被劫匪等捕获并被关押起来的人，即俘虏:
n. [C] 比喻用法中可指与非战争或非罪行有关的囚禁者:
prisoner |['prɪznə]
a prisoner of war 战俘 
Many soldiers were taken prisoner. 许多士兵被俘。
to capture 80 prisoners 抓获80名俘虏
prisoners serving life sentences 被判无期徒刑的囚犯 
a prisoner of conscience 政治犯 
political prisoners 政治犯 
life prisoner（尤英）无期徒刑的囚犯 
short-term prisoner（英）短期监禁的囚犯 
remand prisoner（英）还押候审的犯人 
condemned prisoner 已判刑的犯人 
death-row prisoner 死囚犯 
escaped prisoner 逃犯 
released prisoner 获释的囚犯 
model prisoner 模范囚犯 
fellow prisoner 同监犯人 
They are holding her prisoner and demanding a large ransom. 他们把她劫持了，并索要巨额赎金。
to be kept prisoner in a basement room 被关在一间地下室
She is afraid to go out and has become a virtual prisoner in her own home. 她不敢出门，实际上已成了关在家中的囚犯。

n. [C, U] [正式]（持有不同意见的人或群体之间所达成的，各方都可接受的）协议或一致安排。强调手段上的“调节”和目的上的“使之适应”，最终达到各方都可接受的一种和解或调和状态。调节手段一般比较温和。本词除了可以指调节后达成的“协议”外，还可指达成此种协议的过程:
n. [C, U] [正式] 达成协议的过程:
n. [C, U] [正式] 适应:
n. [C, U] [正式] 协调:
n. 1 [U] [英] 一个供居住、工作或停留的地方。常具有相对完备的生活设施:
2 [pl.] [美] accommodations 可供居住或停留的地方（通常也提供食物或其他服务）:
accommodation |[ə͵kɒmə'deɪʃn]
They were forced to reach an accommodation with the rebels. 他们被迫与反叛分子达成调解协议。
accommodation to the harsh circumstances of rural life 对农村艰苦生活环境的适应
some accommodation between conservation and tourism 环境保护与旅游业之间的相互协调
office accommodation 办公用房 
First-class accommodation is available on all flights. 所有班机都备有一等舱位。
overnight, temporary accommodation 只待一晚的住处；临时住处 
permanent accommodation 永久住处 
private, rented accommodation 私人住处；租来的住处 
holiday, hotel accommodation 度假住宿处；旅馆住宿 
living, residential accommodation 居住处；居所 
sleeping accommodation 下榻处 
bed-and-breakfast accommodation 提供住宿和早餐的处所 
student accommodation 学生住宿处 
to provide accommodation for the homeless 为无家可归者提供住处 
bed and breakfast accommodations in private homes 由私人提供的住宿和早餐服务 
overnight, sleeping accommodations 只住一晚上的食宿；睡觉的住处 
guest, hotel accommodations 旅客的食宿；旅馆的食宿 
living accommodations 食宿 
public accommodations 公共住处 
You should book your travel accommodations and flights quickly. 你应该迅速预订旅游时的住处和航班。

n. [C] 大使馆的建筑:
n. [C] 由大使所率领的一群使馆官员:
embassy |['embəsɪ]
foreign embassy 外国大使馆 
the Chinese embassy in London 中国驻伦敦的大使馆 
embassy building 大使馆建筑 
embassy bombing 大使馆爆炸
to inform the embassy of the situation 向大使馆报告形势 
embassy official, embassy personnel, embassy staff 大使馆官员；大使馆人员；大使馆工作人员 
embassy spokesman 大使馆发言人

n. [C] 事物的某个方面（或细节）:
vt. 同意不违反法律、原则等，即遵守:
n. 1 [U, sing] respect (for sb/sth) 由于某人所具有的良好品质或成就而对其所产生的仰慕之情，即尊敬，尊重，敬重，钦佩:
2 [U, sing] respect (for sb/sth) 对认为重要的…所采取的礼貌（或关心、在乎）的行为，即重视，尊重:
vt. 1 respect sb/sth (for sth) 尊敬，尊重，仰慕:
2 谨慎对待或从事；确保不做（某人认为不正确的事）:
respect |[rɪs'pekt]
In this respect we are very fortunate. 在这个方面，我们是很幸运的。
There was one respect, however, in which they differed. 然而，他们在一点上有分歧。
The report is accurate in all material respects. 该报告在所有重要方面都是准确的。
In many respects she is like her mother. 她和她母亲在很多方面类似。
The marriage was a disaster in every respect. 这场婚姻从任何角度来说都是彻底的失败。
to respect the constitution 遵守宪法
I have the greatest respect for your brother. 我非常尊敬你的哥哥。
mutual respect 互相尊重 
We observed a minute’s silence out of respect for the disaster victims. 我们默哀一分钟，向灾害遇难者表示敬意。
to show a lack of respect for authority 蔑视权威 
He has no respect for her feelings. 他根本不尊重她的感受。
I respect her for her honest. 她的诚实令我起敬。
a highly respected doctor 一位深受尊敬的医生 
to respect other people’s property 不侵犯别人的财产 
She promised to respect our wishes. 她保证尊重我们的意愿。
to respect other people’s right to privacy 尊重别人的隐私权 
to respect human rights 尊重人权 
to respect his opinion 尊重他的意见

adj. 纤巧精细（且常美丽）的:
adj. 1 容易破碎（broken）或容易损坏（damaged）的:
2 脆弱而不确定、不牢固的；容易破坏（destroyed或spoilt）的:
adj. 身体虚弱的、容易生病的。强调身体的脆弱性:
fragile |['frædӡaɪl]
fragile beauty 纤美 
The woman’s fragile face broke into a smile. 那面孔秀丽的女子粲然一笑。
fragile china, fragile glass, fragile bones 易碎的瓷器；易碎的玻璃制品；易碎的骨骼 
fragile alliance, fragile relationship 脆弱的联盟；脆弱的关系 
to be emotionally fragile 情感脆弱 
The economy remains extremely fragile. 经济仍然极其脆弱。
Her father is now 86 and in fragile health. 她的父亲现在86岁，身体虚弱。
I’m feeling a bit fragile after the heavy work. 繁重的工作之后，我觉得身子有点发虚。

n. [sing.] 生理或精神上的缺陷:
n. [C] 落后的分数:
n. 1 [C] [经济学] 赤字、逆差、亏损（即花的钱或欠的钱比挣的钱多）:
2 [C] 金钱的亏空:
deficit |[ˈdefɪsɪt]
attention, cognitive, neurological deficit 注意力缺陷；认知障碍；神经功能缺损 
His teacher thought he had some sort of cognitive deficit. 他的老师认为他认知方面有某种缺陷。           
United are hoping to overturn a two-goal deficit from the first leg. 联队希望能扭转第一回合落后两球的局面。
The team has to come back from a 2–0 deficit in the first half. 这支队得扳回上半场0:2的落后局面。
federal, financial, fiscal, trade deficit 联邦赤字；财务赤字；财政赤字；贸易逆差 
If the government didn't run such huge deficits, the country would not have financial problems. 如果政府没有造成数额如此巨大的赤字，国家就不会有财务问题。
to prevent the country moving into deficit 防止国家陷入赤字 
The trade balance has been in deficit for the past five years. 过去五年来贸易状况一直是逆差。
The company has run up a deficit of £30,000. 该公司累计亏损了3万英镑。
You cannot cut a budget deficit simply by raising taxes. 不能只通过增税来削减预算赤字。
The government was forced to sell state-owned companies to fund the budget deficit. 政府被迫出售国有公司以弥补预算赤字。
a budget deficit running at 7% of GDP 相当于国内生产总值7%的预算赤字 
The trade balance shows a deficit of two million pounds. 贸易收支显示有两百万英镑的逆差。
The US trade deficit ballooned to a record $167 billion. 美国贸易逆差猛增到创纪录的1,670亿美元。
The UK remained in deficit with all countries outside the EU. 英国对欧盟之外的所有国家都有逆差 
the US trade deficit with Japan 美国对日本的贸易逆差 
We will find it hard to make up this deficit. 我们会发现很难弥补这一亏空。
There's a deficit of $3 million in the total needed to complete the project. 完成这项工程所需资金中有300万元的亏空。

Your grandmother is the mother of your father or mother. 祖母; 外祖母
grandmother |英 ['græn(d)mʌðə]  美 ['ɡrænmʌðɚ]| n. 祖母；女祖先/vt. 当…的祖母/vi. 当祖母/
My grandmothers are both widows.我的祖母和外祖母都是寡妇。


vi. compensate (for sth) 弥补，抵消坏事造成的影响，相当于make up for:
vt. compensate sb (for sth) 给予某人钱物补偿或赔款，即经济补偿。是此义的常规用词:
compensate |['kɒmpenseɪt]
Nothing can compensate for the loss of a loved one. 失去心爱的人是无法补偿的。
The advantages of the plan more than compensate for the risks associated with it. 这项计划的优点大大地弥补了其所带来的风险。
His strengths more than compensate for his weaknesses. 他的强项大大弥补了他的弱点。
His voice doesn’t have much range but he compensates with clever lyrics. 他嗓音的音域不是很宽，但他用巧妙的歌词做了弥补。
to be compensated in full 得到全额补偿 
I expect to be compensated financially. 我希望能得到经济赔偿。
The company will compensate you for the losses you have suffered. 您所遭受的损失将由公司赔偿。 

 I think we would all agree that it is well worth it, yet many of us still choose to let this innate fear paralyze us and settle into comfortable, secure positions despite being unhappy in them.  我想每个人都认同这些东西是值得的，但是我们中许多人尽管对目前处境不甚满意，仍然选择麻痹于内在的恐惧，停滞于安逸，保险的职位。
 You can bet that would truly paralyze the flow of credit: Does anyone believe Washington can manage banks?  你可以打赌，这会使流动的信贷真正限于瘫痪：真有人相信华盛顿可以经营银行吗？
 All the opinions and analysis will paralyze anyone who is not up to the task.  所有的意见和分析都会使那些没有参与这项任务的人感到不知所措。
paralyze |英/美 ['pærə,laɪz]| vt. 使麻痹；使瘫痪/



vt.＆vi. 在一番仔细考量之后对某事物的数量、价值、品质所给出的观点，即评估，评价。词义相当于assess，且二者都极为常用。但evaluate相对正式，且assess仅为及物动词:
evaluate |[ɪ'væljueɪt]
to evaluate the safety of the new drug 评估这种新药的安全性 
The evidence should be carefully evaluated. 这项证据应当仔细地鉴定。
These probabilities can be evaluated empirically. 这些可能性可以通过实验加以验证。
criteria used to evaluate employees’ performance 员工业绩评定标准

adj. 过多的:
adj. 超过合理限度的，如过度的、过分的:
excessive |[ɪkˈsesɪv]
The amounts she borrowed were not excessive. 她借的数量没有超额。
Excessive drinking can lead to stomach disorders. 酗酒可能引起胃病。
The government says that local authority spending is excessive. 政府称地方当局开支过大。
He considered the level of tax excessive. 他认为税收过重。
They complained about the excessive noise coming from the upstairs flat. 他们抱怨楼上发出的噪音太大。
Excessive drinking can lead to stomach disorders. 酗酒可能引起胃病。
the alleged use of excessive force by police 警察涉嫌滥用武力 
He considered the level of tax excessive. 他认为税收过重。
The influence of her ideas was perhaps excessive. 她思想的影响也许过头了。
The sentence which was imposed was manifestly excessive. 所判刑罚显然过重。

adj. 1（布置或排列）整洁的、井然有序的:
2（行为）有序的:
n. [C]（医院的）护工，勤杂工（通常不需要专门培训）:
n. [C] 勤务兵（通常不需要专门培训）:
orderly |[ˈɔ:dəli;美ˈɔ:rdərli]
It's a beautiful, clean and orderly city. 这是一座美丽清洁、秩序井然的城市。
vegetables planted in orderly rows 一行行栽种整齐的蔬菜 
Their vehicles were parked in orderly rows. 他们的车一排排井然有序地停放着。
The organizers guided them in orderly fashion out of the building. 组织者引领他们井然有序地走出大楼。
an orderly demonstration 秩序井然的示威 
Despite the violence that preceded the elections, reports say that polling was orderly and peaceful. 尽管选举前发生了暴力事件，报道说投票得以和平有序地进行。
a calm and orderly life 平静有序的生活 
We want to bring about this change in an orderly fashion/manner/way. 我们想按部就班地进行改革。

n. [C] 男售货员，尤指代表某个公司将产品推销给商店或其它公司的男推销员:
salesman |['seɪlzmən]
door-to-door salesman 上门推销员 
car, insurance salesman 汽车推销员；保险推销员 
snake-oil salesman（尤美，非正式用法）劣质品推销员

a strong desire to know or learn something:强烈渴望了解或学习某事
an unusual or interesting object or fact:一个不寻常或有趣的物体或事实
curiosity |ˌkjʊərɪˈɒsɪti| Noun/:好奇心,兴趣
filled with curiosity, she peered through the window:充满好奇，她透过窗户凝视
he showed them some of the curiosities of the house:他向他们展示了这所房子的一些奇特之处

vt. ~ yourself 控制自己的行为、严格要求自己:
n. [U] 控制自己行为（或生活方式、工作方式等）的能力，如自制力、自律:
n. [C] 训练自己身心（或行为）的方法；符合准则的行为:
n. [C] 训练自己身心（或行为）的方法；符合准则的行为:
n. [C] 知识领域；（尤指大学的）学科，科目:
Students are to be tested on the three core disciplines: mathematics，English and science. 学生要考三门核心科目:
n. [U, C] 为了成功而对自己进行的训练或磨练；也可指作为磨练的一种活动或形势:
vt. 训练、管教某人，让其遵守规则或变得乖巧，尤指管教儿童:
n. [U] 纪律、风纪:
vt. ~ sb (for sth)（为某人的所作所为）惩罚某人:
discipline |[ˈdɪsəplɪn]
He disciplined himself to exercise at least three times a week. 他规定自己每周至少锻炼三次。
Out on the course you must discipline yourself to let go of detailed theory. 在高尔夫球场上，你必须训练自己做到不拘泥于细枝末节的理论。
I'm very good at disciplining myself. 我能做到严格自律。
Dieting is a matter of disciplining yourself. 节食是自我控制的问题。
He'll never get anywhere working for himself--he's got no discipline. 他为自己工作是不会有什么成就的——他毫无自制力。
It was that image of calm and discipline that appealed to voters. 正是那个冷静、自律的形象打动了选民。
It is good discipline to learn to delegate. 学会下放权力是良好的素质。
personal discipline 自律 
mental, spiritual discipline 心理约束；精神约束 
physical discipline 身体约束 
business, commercial, financial, fiscal, industrial, market, monetary discipline 经营管理；商业约束；财政控制；工业控制；市场控制；货币控制 
The government has stabilized the economy through strict fiscal discipline. 通过严格的财政控制，政府稳定了经济。
message discipline（= the practice of only talking about what is relevant to your aims, by a politician）（美）信息控制 
He'll never get anywhere working for himself--he has no discipline. 他单干永远不会成功——他没有自我约束能力。
something to help you bring discipline to your decision-making process 有助于在决策过程中增加克制力的东西 
It takes great discipline to learn a musical instrument. 学习乐器需要高度的自律能力。
a lack of discipline 缺乏自制力
Yoga is a good discipline for learning to relax. 瑜伽是一种学习放松的有效方法。
Yoga is a good discipline for learning to relax. 瑜伽是一种学习放松的有效方法。
core, main, major discipline 核心科目；主要科目 
When did sociology emerge as a distinct discipline? 社会学是何时成为独立学科的? 
established, traditional discipline 老牌的学科；传统的学科 
emerging, new discipline 新兴学科 
social work and its related disciplines 社会工作及相关学科 
academic, intellectual, scholarly discipline 学术科目；知识学科 
They established psychology as an academic discipline. 他们确立了心理学的学科地位。
professional discipline（尤美）专业学科 
humanities, science, scientific discipline 人文学科；理科 
There is a lack of communication across disciplines(= between teachers and students of different subjects). 不同学科之间缺乏交流。
You've got to make sure that people work together across disciplines. 你必须确保让那些出身不同学科的人一起共事。
Within a discipline there may be more than one school of thought. 一个学科内可以有不止一个学派。
academics from diverse academic disciplines 来自不同学科的学者 
multiple disciplines（尤美）多学科 
experts in multiple disciplines 多学科的专家 
The university offers a wide range of disciplines. 大学设有许多不同的学科。
We're looking for people from a wide range of disciplines. 我们需要各个学科的人才。
inner disciplines like transcendental meditation 内省，如冥思静坐 
The discipline of studying music can help children develop good work habits. 音乐学习中的训练可以帮助孩子们培养好的工作习惯。
a guide to the best ways of disciplining your child 管教子女最佳方法指南
Strict discipline is imposed on army recruits. 新兵受严格的纪律约束。
strict military discipline严格的军纪 
He quickly brought order and discipline to the regiment. 他很快使该团秩序井然，纪律严明。
the discipline that the party exercises over its members 该党对其党员实行的纪律 
They submitted to the discipline imposed by their leaders. 他们遵守领导制定的纪律。
student, team discipline 学生纪律；团队纪律 
church, military, party, prison, school, social, work discipline 教规；军纪；党纪；监狱纪律；校纪；社会规约；工作纪律 
parental discipline 家规 
The school has a reputation for high standards of discipline. 这所学校因纪律严格而名闻遐迩。
We need better discipline in our schools. 我们的学校需要更好的纪律。
Order and discipline have been placed in the hands of headmasters and governing bodies. 维持秩序和纪律的工作已交接给了校长和管理机构了。
She keeps good discipline in class. 她严格执行课堂纪律。
discipline problems in the classroom 课堂纪律问题 
The teacher was unable to maintain discipline. 那名老师无法维持纪律。
Students have to learn discipline. 学生要学会守纪律。
The school was criticized for having very poor discipline. 该校被指责纪律很差。
She believes children need discipline. 她认为孩子们需要纪律约束。
a breach of discipline（尤英）违反纪律 
It's unfair to dismiss somebody for a single breach of discipline. 一次违纪就开除，这不公平。
a breakdown of discipline in the classroom 课堂上秩序大乱 
Discipline was too lax. 纪律太松懈了。
The officers were disciplined for using racist language. 这些军官因使用种族歧视性语言而受到惩罚。
The workman was disciplined by his company but not dismissed. 那个工人受到了公司的处罚，但并没有被解雇。
Her husband had at last taken a share in disciplining the boy. 她的丈夫最后也加了进来一起教训那个男孩。

vt. 和…一样好，或和…处于同一标准上，即比得上:
adj. equal to sth [正式] 在成功处理问题方面，拥有足够的力量、勇气和能力的:
vt. 导致…，或结果为…:
linking verb. 指在尺寸、数量、价值等方面与…相等，即等于。是此义的常规用词:
adj. equal (to sb/sth) 尺寸、数量、价值、实力、重要性、结果等方面相等的:
n. [C] 品质上相同的人或事物，或在地位、权利等方面相同的人或事物:
adj. 1 equal (to sb/sth) 尺寸、数量、价值、实力、重要性、结果等方面相等的:
2 拥有相同权利的，或被公平对待的，不考虑种族、宗教或性别等方面的差别的:
linking verb. 指在尺寸、数量、价值等方面与…相等，即等于:
equal |['i:kwəl]
The victory equalled the team’s best in history. 这次胜利平了该队历史上的最佳纪录。
to equal the world record 平世界纪录 
The achievements of the scientist are hard to be equalled. 这位科学家的成就其他人难以匹敌。
to be equal to any test 成功应对任何考验 
I believe that you are equal to the challenge. 我相信你能成功应对这一挑战。
I felt that nothing could make me equal to the demands being made of me. 我觉得自己根本无法达到那些对我的要求。
I felt more than equal to the task. 这个任务对我来说不难。
Innovation equals progress. 创新引领进步。
1 plus 1 equals 2. 1加1等于2。
A metre equals 39.38 inches. 1米等于39.38英寸。
to be equal in weight 重量相等 
The two books are more or less equal in length. 这两本书篇幅差不多。
equal numbers 数量相等 
One pound is roughly equal to two dollars. 一英镑大约相当于两美元。
He is one of members of the team, their equal. 他是该团队中的一员，和他们平起平坐。
intellectual, social equal 智力相当的人；社会地位相当的人 
In fighting, they had no equals. 论打架，他们没有对手。
The product of the small company is equal of those produced anywhere of the world. 这家小公司的产品可与世界上任何地方生产的产品相媲美。
to be equal in weight 重量相等 
equal numbers 相等的数量 
equal importance 同样重要 
One pound is roughly equal to two dollars. 一英镑大约相当于两美元。
The EU nations together have an economy about equal in size to that of the US. 欧盟各国的经济实力总和与美国相当。
to demand equal rights 要求平等的权利 
equal opportunities 平等的机会 
equal pay 同等的报酬 
Everyone is born equal. 人人生来平等。
1 plus 1 equals 2 1加1等于2 
A metre equals 39.38 inches. 1米等于39.38英寸。

n. [C] 军人，尤指士兵（通常不包括军官）。是此义的常规用词:
soldier |['səʊldӡə]
professional, regular soldier 职业军人；正规军人 
volunteer soldier 志愿兵 
common, ordinary soldier 普通士兵 
retired soldier 退伍军人 
active-duty soldier 现役军人 
child soldier 娃娃兵 
fellow soldier 战友 
wounded soldier 伤兵 
combat soldier 战士 
foot soldier 步兵 
army soldier 陆军士兵 
enemy soldier 敌军 
toy soldier 玩具兵 
a company of soldiers 一个连队的士兵 
He decided to enlist as a soldier. 他决定应征入伍。
