president								总统，会长
sensible						明智的，实用的，意识到的
bare				裸露的，空的，仅仅的，刚够的
definition						释义，清楚
reception						欢迎，接待，接待处，招待会
prince							王子
distract						使...分心，给...以消遣
accommodate							容纳，关照
secretary							秘书，大臣
county						郡，县
presence				在场，风度
pardon					原谅
merry						欢乐的，微醉的
convert				转变，换算
limit							极限，限制，边界
cover					遮盖，包裹，处理，报导，支付
evident						明显的
criminal							罪犯，犯罪的
signify						表示，要紧
beside						在...旁边，与...协作，与...相比
manual					体力的，手的，使用手册
dorm					宿舍
circus						马戏，喧闹的场面
bathroom						浴室，洗手间
romantic				浪漫的，夸张的，情爱的
reform					改良，改革
acre									英亩，大量
universe						宇宙，领域
execute				执行，表演
inspire							鼓舞，使产生，激起
\\\\\\\\

n. [C] 一些组织机构、俱乐部等的负责人，即会长、主席等（也可用President）:
n. [C] 银行或商业公司的负责人，即银行行长或公司董事长、总裁，尤用于北美英语:
n. [C] 大学的负责人，即校长、院长等（也可用President）:
n. [C] 共和政体的总统或国家主席（也可用President）:
president |['prezɪdənt]['prezɪdənt]
president of the students’ union 学生会主席 
honorary president 名誉主席 
association, club president 协会会长；俱乐部主席 
council president（美）理事会主席
the bank president 银行行长 
the president of Columbia Pictures 哥伦比亚影业公司董事长 
company president（美）公司总裁
college, university president（均美）学院院长；大学校长
American president 美国总统 
Democratic president 民主党总统 
vice president（美）（英用vice-president）副总统 
former, previous president 前总统 
party president（英）政党主席

adj.（衣服、鞋等）朴素而实用的:
adj.（行为或决定）基于理性和经验（而非感情）做出的，即明智的、合理的:
adj. 1（行为或决定）基于理性和经验（而非感情）做出的，即明智的:
2（人）能够基于理性和经验（而非感情）做出合理判断的，即理智的、明智的:
adj. [正式或文学] 意识到、认识到:
sensible |[ˈsensəbl]
sensible shoes 朴实而舒适的鞋 
Wear loose clothing and sensible footwear. 穿上宽松的衣服和舒服的鞋子。
It might be sensible to get a solicitor. 也许应该请一个诉状律师。
The sensible thing is to leave them alone. 别去管他们才是明智的。
I think the sensible thing would be to take a taxi home. 我想还是坐出租车回去的好。
In the state I was in, this seemed a perfectly sensible remark. 根据我当时的情况，这么说似乎完全合乎情理。
Are you going out to search for it at this time of night? It seems hardly sensible. 你打算夜里这个时候出去找吗？这好像不那么明智。
I think that's a very sensible idea. 我看这个主意很妥当。
This approach seems very sensible to me. 在我看来，这个方法似乎很明智。
That advice sounds sensible enough. 那个建议听起来相当合理。
Say something sensible. 说点正经的。
It might be sensible to get a solicitor. 也许应该请一个诉状律师。
The sensible thing is to leave them alone. 别去管他们才是明智的。
I think the sensible thing would be to take a taxi home. 我想还是坐出租车回去的好。
Are you going out to search for it at this time of night? It seems hardly sensible. 你打算夜里这个时候出去找吗？这好像不那么明智。
I think that's a very sensible idea. 我看这个主意很妥当。
This approach seems very sensible to me. 在我看来，这个方法似乎很明智。
Say something sensible. 说点正经的。
She was a sensible girl and did not panic. 她是一个理智的女孩，没有惊慌失措。
Oh come on, let's be sensible about this. 噢，得了吧，我们还是理智地对待此事吧。
She's a sensible sort of person. 她属于那种通情达理的人。
He's usually very sensible. 他做事通常很理智。
I am sensible of the fact that mathematics is not a popular subject. 我知道数学课不受欢迎。

adj. 1 没穿任何衣服的，即裸体的，裸露的:
2（表面）没有任何事物来遮盖或保护的:
vt. 从某事物上移去覆盖物（尤指脱掉衣服）:
adj. 只用于名词前，刚刚够的，仅够的:
adj.（房间、橱柜等）空的:
adj.（树木）没有叶子的，即光秃秃的；（乡村）没有植物或树木的，即荒芜的:
adj. 只用于名词前，最基本或最简单的:
bare |[beə]
She likes to walk around in bare feet. 她喜欢光着脚走来走去。
bare wooden floorboards 未铺地毯的木地板 
The walls were bare except for a clock. 墙上除了一只挂钟什么也没有。
You shouldn’t have left the wires bare. 你不应该让电线裸露在外。
The earth had been laid bare. 土壤裸露在外 
The walls have been stripped bare. 这些墙的外皮已经脱落了。
She was paid several thousand dollars to bare all (= take all her clothes off) for the magazine. 她获得数千元报酬为那本杂志作全裸画页。
He did the bare minimum of work but still passed the exam. 他只花了最少的工夫，却仍然通过了考试。
It was the barest hint of a smile. 那是一个几乎不露一丝痕迹的笑。
The fridge was completely bare. 电冰箱里什么也没有。
bare shelves 空荡荡的架子 
The house was almost bare of furniture. 这所房子里几乎没有家具。
the bare branches of winter trees 冬天树木光秃秃的枝丫 
a bare mountainside 光秃秃的山坡
the bare necessities of life 最起码的生活所需 
the bare facts of the case 该案件的一些基本情况

n. [U] 清晰度；清晰、分明:
n. 1 [C, U]（尤指词典里给出的）定义，释义:
2 [C] 定义:
n. [U] 清晰、分明、明确:
definition |[ˌdefɪˈnɪʃn]
The definition of the digital TV pictures is excellent. 数字电视图像的清晰度很高。
clear simple definitions 简单明了的释义 
Neighbours by definition live close by (= this is what being a neighbour means). 按照释义，“邻居”就要居住在邻近的地方。
There is no general agreement on a standard definition of intelligence. “智力”一词目前还没有一个普遍认可的标准释义。
The term partner' requires careful definition. partner这个词需要慎重定义。
My definition of a good hospice is one where some of the patients start feeling too good to die. 我对“好的晚期病人安养院”的定义是一个能让一些病人开始感到生有所恋的地方。
According to a strict definition, the expenses of a self-employed person can be deducted from tax. 根据严格的定义，个体经营者的开支可从税款中扣除。
formal, official, statutory definition 正式的定义；官方的定义；法律上的定义 
The firm falls within the statutory definition of a 'small company'. 这家公司属于法律上定义的"小公司"。
dictionary definition 字典定义 
legal definition 法律定义 
The mathematical definition of an even number is one that is exactly divisible by 2. 偶数在数学上的定义是能被2整除的数。
accepted, conventional, standard, textbook, traditional definition 公认的定义；常规定义；标准定义；课本上的定义；传统的定义 
workable, working definition 初步的定义 
We need a good working definition of 'pollution'. 我们需要为"污染"下一个合适的初步定义。
This unusual building barely fits the definition of a house. 这幢独特的建筑几乎称不上房子。
He has expanded the definition of sculpture. 他扩展了对雕塑的定义。
According to a strict definition of 'assault', she was not assaulted. 根据"侵犯他人身体"的严格定义，她并没有受到侵犯。
A clinic for women would, by definition, deal with pregnancy and childbirth. 妇科诊所据其定义负责处理妊娠和分娩事宜。
Under the broader definition of 'poverty', thousands more people would be included. 根据"贫困"的广义定义，还有数以千计的人要包括在内。
What's your definition of happiness? 你对幸福的定义是什么？
They have adopted a very narrow definition of success. 他们采用了一种非常严格的关于"成功"的定义。
The author provides a clear definition of cultural awareness. 作者给文化意识下了一个清楚的定义。
She refused to accept the definition of woman as man's subordinate. 她拒绝接受女人是男人附属品的定义。
Give your brows extra definition with Outdoor Girl's Eyebrow Pencil in Brown. 用“户外女孩”品牌的棕色眉笔更加清晰地勾勒出眉形。
The speakers criticised his new programme for lack of definition. 几位发言者批评他的新方案不够清楚明确。

n. [sing.] 给予某人或某事的反应或反响:
n. [U]（无线电和电视信号的）接收效果:
n. [U] 接收、接纳某人（的行为）:
n. 1 [U] [尤英]（旅馆、办公建筑等入口处内部的）接待处或接待区（宾客或到访者到达旅馆或办公楼后首先要去的地方）:
2 [C] 欢迎某人（或庆祝某事）的一个正式社交场合，即接待仪式；招待会等:
3 [sing.] 给予某人或某事的欢迎:
4 [U] 接待或迎接某人（的行为）:
reception |[rɪ'sepʃn]
critical reception to a movie 对一部电影的批评 
the positive reception to the speech 对演讲的好评 
The plan has had a somewhat mixed reception from local people. 当地居民对这一计划反响不一。
The managers did not expect a sympathetic reception from the striking workers. 管理人员并没指望得到罢工工人的同情。
radio, satellite, television reception 收音机收听质量；卫星接收效果；电视机收视效果 
There was very poor reception on my phone. 我的电话接收效果很差。
the reception of refugees from the war zone 接纳战区来的难民 
a reception centre for children who have run away from home（英）离家出走儿童收容处
reception area 接待区 
reception counter, reception desk 接待处 
reception staff 接待人员 
at reception（英）在前台 
Please wait for me downstairs in reception. 请在楼下前台等我。
You can leave a message with reception. 你可以在接待处留个口信。
to report to the reception 到接待处报到 
evening reception 欢迎晚宴 
welcome reception（尤美）欢迎宴会 
diplomatic, wedding reception 外交宴会；婚宴 
cocktail reception（尤美）鸡尾酒会 
a reception for the Japanese trade delegation 欢迎日本贸易代表团的招待会 
Delegates gave him a warm reception as he called for more spending on education. 由于他呼吁增加教育经费，代表们向他报以热烈的欢迎。
The returning soldiers received a rousing reception. 归来的士兵们受到了热烈的欢迎。
reception party 迎宾队 

A prince is the male royal ruler of a small country or state. (小国的) 君王
A prince is a male member of a royal family, especially the son of the king or queen of a country. 王子
prince |英 [prɪns]  美 [prɪns]| n. 王子，国君；亲王；贵族/n. (Prince)人名；(英、葡)普林斯；(法)普兰斯；/
He was speaking without the prince's authority.他在未经君王许可而发言。
...Prince Edward and other royal guests.…爱德华王子和其他王室贵宾。


vt. ~ sb/sth (from sth) 转移某人的注意力；使某人分心:
distract |[dɪˈstrækt]
You're distracting me from my work. 你使我不能专心工作。
Tom admits that playing video games sometimes distracts him from his homework. 汤姆承认玩电子游戏有时会使他无心做作业。
Don't let yourself be distracted by fashionable theories. 不要让自己被流行的理论分散了注意力。
Don't talk to her--she's very easily distracted. 不要同她讲话——她的注意力很容易分散。
It was another attempt to distract attention from the truth. 这又是企图分散人们对事实真相的注意力。
He's easily distracted from his work. 他工作时注意力很容易分散。
A noise outside momentarily distracted her. 外面的噪声一时分散了她的注意力。
an attempt to distract attention away from the real problems in the country 把注意力从国家的实际问题上转移开的企图           

vt. [正式] 考虑到、顾忌:
vt. 为某人或某事物提供足够的空间，如容纳:
vt. ~ sb (with sth) [正式]（通过为某人做事来）帮助对方，如迎合、迁就:
~ sth/yourself to sth [正式]（改变自己的行为以更好地）适应新环境:
vt. 为某人提供一个睡觉、居住或坐着的房间，即为…提供住宿:
accommodate |[əˈkɒmədeɪt;美əˈkɑ:m-]
Our proposal tries to accommodate the special needs of minority groups. 我们的提案尽量照顾到少数群体的特殊需要。
The roads are built to accommodate gradual temperature changes. 修建这些道路时考虑到了温度的逐渐变化。
The way that American history is taught may change in order to accommodate some more of those cultures. 美国历史的授课方式可能会为了照顾到更多的文化而作改变。
The school in Poldown was not big enough to accommodate all the children. 波尔登的学校不够大，容不下所有的孩子。
It was a large hall, where a lot of people could be comfortably accommodated. 那个厅很大，可以容纳很多人而不拥挤。
The garage can accommodate three cars. 这个车库可以停放三辆轿车。
The CD-ROMs will accommodate the works of all English poets from 600 to 1900. 这些光盘能存下从公元600年到1900年所有英国诗人的作品。
Over 70 minutes of music can be accommodated on one CD. 一张激光唱片可以容纳70多分钟的音乐。
I have accommodated the press a great deal, giving numerous interviews. 我多次接受采访，已给了报界许多方便。
He has never put an arm around his wife to accommodate photographers. 他从未为了迎合摄影师而搂住妻子。
He's already altered several of the proposals in his economic plan to accommodate demands of special interests. 他已经改动了经济计划中的几项提议以迁就特殊利益集团的要求。
vt.&vi. ~ to sth 
Some animal and plant species cannot accommodate to the rapidly changing conditions. 某些种类的动植物不能适应迅速变化的环境。
She walked slowly to accommodate herself to his pace. 她走得很慢，以便与他保持一致的步伐。
I needed to accommodate to the new schedule. 我需要适应新的时间表。
The hotel can accommodate up to 500 guests. 这家旅馆可供500位旅客住宿。
a hotel built to accommodate guests for the wedding of King Alfonso 一家为接待前来参加阿方索国王婚礼的来宾而建的宾馆 
Students are accommodated in homes nearby. 学生被安置在附近的住家中。

n. [C] 俱乐部、社团等的文书、干事:
n. [C] 办公室中为其他人处理一些周边性工作事务的秘书:
n. 1 [C] Secretary，国务卿:
2 [C] 用于头衔中，可表示政府的部长，大臣，为美式用法:
3 [C] 在英国指大臣或助理:
n. [C] 政治组织的书记、秘书、文书、干事:
secretary |['sekrətərɪ]['sekrətərɪ]
the membership secretary 组织干事 
club, company secretary 俱乐部干事；公司干事
Please contact my secretary to make an appointment. 请和我的秘书联系，预约一个时间。
executive secretary 行政秘书 
press secretary 新闻秘书 
personal, private secretary 私人秘书
the US Secretary of State 美国国务卿 
Secretary Hillary Clinton 国务卿希拉里克林顿 
Secretary of the Treasury 财政部长 
deputy secretary of agriculture in the Bush administration 布什政府的农业部副部长 
assistant secretary of commerce 商务部助理部长 
cabinet secretary（英）内阁大臣 
Secretary of State（英国政府的）大臣 
the Secretary of State for Education 教育大臣 
Defence, Foreign, Home, Treasury, etc. Secretary 国防大臣；外交大臣；内政大臣；财政大臣等
branch, district, group, national, regional secretary 支部书记；地区干事；集团书记；国家书记；地区书记 
the First Secretary of the Communist Party 共产党第一书记 
deputy secretary 副书记 
general secretary 总书记 
UN Secretary General, Ban Ki-moon 联合国秘书长潘基文

n. [C]（缩写为Co.）（英国、爱尔兰的）郡；（美国的）县:
adj. [英，常含贬义] 典型英国上流社会人物的:
county |[ˈkaʊnti]
Orange County 奥兰治县 
He is living now in his mother's home county of Oxfordshire. 他现在居住在他母亲的故乡牛津郡。
Over 50 events are planned throughout the county. 全县共筹划了50多次活动。
border（尤英）, coastal, metropolitan, rural, urban（美）county 边境地区的郡；沿海的县；都市郡；乡村郡县；城市郡县 
the Welsh border counties 威尔士边境地区的郡 
eastern county 东部郡县 
historic county（尤英）历史上的郡 
home county 家乡所在县；伦敦周围的郡 
He returned to his home county in North Carolina. 他回到了北卡罗来纳州的家乡所在县。
London and the home counties (= the counties around London）伦敦及周围各郡 
native county（英）故乡所在郡 
He was elected MP for his native county of Merioneth. 他获选为故乡梅里奥尼思郡的下院议员。
London and its surrounding counties 伦敦及周边各郡 
She represents the county in Parliament.（英）她在议会里代表这个郡。
The river forms the county boundary. 这条河构成郡的边界。
county resident（美）县的居民 
county seat（美）, county town（英）（= where the local government is based）县城；郡首府 
the town of Sierra Blanca，the county seat of Hudspeth County, Texas 得克萨斯州哈得斯佩思县的县城，谢拉布兰卡镇 
Trowbridge is the county town of Wiltshire. 特罗布里奇是威尔特郡的首府。
county commission（美）, county council, county department（美）, county government（尤美）县委员会；郡政务委员会；县政府部门；县政府 
Fairfax County Department of Family Services 费尔法克斯县家庭服务部 
county attorney, county clerk, county coroner, county judge, county official, county prosecutor, county sheriff（均美）郡县的律师；郡县的职员；郡县的验尸官；郡县的法官；郡县的官员；郡县的检察官；郡县的治安官 
county chairman（尤美）, county councillor（尤英）, county executive（尤美）县主席；郡政务委员；县行政执行官 
county court, county courthouse（美）, county jail（美）郡法院；县法院大楼；县监狱 
county hospital, county library, county school 郡县的医院；郡县的图书馆；郡县的学校 
county cricket（英）郡际板球赛 
county championship, county match(= in cricket)县锦标赛；郡际板球赛 
people who live in this county 这个郡的居民

n. [U] [褒] 一个人的言谈或举止所表现出来的（给别人留下深刻印象的）气质、仪态、风度:
n. 1 [U]（人、组织机构等在某地的）存在:
2 [U]（事物或物质）存在于某地或某事物中:
3 [C, usually sing.] [文学] 感觉在附近的人（或鬼魂）:
n. [U]（人）出席、在场:
n. [C, usually sing.] [文学] 感觉在附近的鬼魂:
n. [C, usually sing.] [文学] 感觉在附近的人:
n. [sing.] 被派到某地去处理事情的一群人（尤指一群士兵）:
n. [sing.] 被派到某地去处理事情的一群士兵:
n. [sing.] 被派到某地去处理事情的一群警察:
presence |[ˈprezns]
a man of great presence 风度翩翩的男子 
They do not seem to have the vast, authoritative presence of those great men. 他们看起来并没有那些伟人的翩翩风度和威严。
Hendrix's stage presence appealed to thousands of teenage rebels. 亨德里克斯在台上的风采吸引了成千上万的叛逆少年。
She was a formidable presence on the set. 她在赛场上令人生畏。
He was still an intimidating presence. 他的气场仍然令人生畏。
He has a commanding screen presence. 他上镜时霸气十足。
the increased presence of Asian actors in Hollywood 亚洲演员在好装坞的人数有所增加 
The company now has a strong presence in Germany. 该公司目前在德国有很强的势力。
The company plans to expand its presence in emerging markets. 该公司计划扩大其在新兴市场的占有率。
He remained a dominant presence in the art world. 他在艺术界仍占主导地位。
the overwhelming presence of the church in daily lives 教会在日常生活中压倒性的势力 
the pervasive presence of the Web 网络的普遍存在 
He's become a ubiquitous presence on talk shows. 脱口秀节目中已少不了他。
the visible presence of campus security 可以看得到的校园安全措施 
a small business that doesn't have a Web presence 没有网站的小企业 
Establishing a strong presence on the Internet is a top priority. 在互联网上做大做强是当务之急。
Fox's efforts to create a Web presence for the movie 福克斯公司为该电影创建网页的努力 
I could see no signs of human presence. 我看不到人类存在的迹象。
The test can identify the presence of abnormalities in the unborn child. 这项化验能鉴定胎儿是否有不正常现象。
The somewhat acid flavour is caused by the presence of lactic acid. 这种微酸的味道是因为含有乳酸造成的。
the presence of a carcinogen in the water 水中含有的一种致癌物质 
These chemicals could indicate the presence of water on the planet. 这些化学物质可能表明这颗行星上有水。
Tests confirmed the presence of the disease. 检验证实了该疾病的存在。
She felt a presence behind her. 她觉得有什么东西跟在背后。
She felt a presence in the room.她觉得房子里有什么东西存在。
The forest was dark and silent, haunted by shadows and unseen presences. 这个森林黑暗寂静，经常有幽灵和看不见的鬼怪出没。
She started to be affected by the ghostly presence she could feel in the house. 她觉得这座房子里有可怕的鬼怪，开始变得神经紧张。
I felt as though there was some ghostly presence. 我觉得好像有个幽灵在场。
Flame has always symbolized a divine presence. 火焰一直象征着神圣的存在。
She sensed an evil presence, and it was growing stronger. 她感觉到有某种邪恶的东西，而且这种感觉越来越强烈。
Your presence is requested at the meeting.（正式）敬请出席会议。
He hardly seemed to notice my presence. 他似乎没有注意到我在场。
Her Majesty later honoured the Headmaster with her presence at lunch. 随后女王陛下出席了午餐，令校长感到荣幸。
How nice of you to grace us with your presence! 您的大驾光临使我们蓬荜生辉! 
The King requested our presence this morning. 国王要求我们今天上午到场。
Your presence is required two days from now. 要求你两天后到场。
Her presence during the crisis had a calming effect. 危难时她的存在稳定了大家的心情。
Her comforting presence made him feel safe. 她的在场给了他安慰，使他感到很安全。
the physical presence of actors among the audience 亲身出现在观众中的演员 
They argued that his presence in the village could only stir up trouble. 他们认为他在村里出现只会招惹麻烦。
The talks took place in the presence of a diplomatic observer. 会谈是在一位外交观察员在场的情况下进行的。
He acknowledged our presence with a nod of his head. 他点了一下头对我们打招呼。
He should never have made those remarks in your presence. 他怎么都不该当着你的面说那些话。
She certainly made her presence felt in the boardroom. 她确实让自己在董事会上受到了关注。
Rather than politely lobbying politicians, Gay Dignity will be making its presence felt through demonstrations. “同性恋尊严”游行活动不会彬彬有礼地向政客们游说，而会通过示威引起关注。
The mere presence of children in the room is enough to upset him. 只要有孩子在房间里，他就会不高兴。
She felt a presence behind her. 她觉得有什么东西跟在背后。
She felt a presence in the room. 她觉得房子里有什么东西存在。
The forest was dark and silent, haunted by shadows and unseen presences. 这个森林黑暗寂静，经常有幽灵和看不见的鬼怪出没。
She started to be affected by the ghostly presence she could feel in the house. 她觉得这座房子里有可怕的鬼怪，开始变得神经紧张。
I felt as though there was some ghostly presence. 我觉得好像有个幽灵在场。
She sensed an evil presence, and it was growing stronger. 她感觉到有某种邪恶的东西，而且这种感觉越来越强烈。
She felt a presence behind her. 她觉得有什么东西跟在背后。
She felt a presence in the room. 她觉得房子里有什么东西存在。
a permanent American presence overseas 美国在海外的常驻人员 
The army maintains a constant presence in the area. 军队常驻这一地区。
military, naval, police presence 驻军；海军驻军；派驻的警察 
The Philippine government wants the US to maintain a military presence in Southeast Asia. 菲律宾政府希望美国继续在东南亚驻军。
The United States has a substantial military presence in the country. 美国在该国派有大量驻军。
There was a strong police presence throughout the demonstration. 整个示威游行期间都有一大批警察在场。
The march went ahead in spite of the overwhelming police presence. 游行队伍不顾众多警察在场继续前进。
The government is maintaining a heavy police presence in the area. 政府在这地区派驻了大批警察。
a permanent American presence overseas 美国在海外的常驻人员 
The army maintains a constant presence in the area. 军队常驻这一地区。
military, naval presence 驻军；海军驻军 
The Philippine government wants the US to maintain a military presence in Southeast Asia. 菲律宾政府希望美国继续在东南亚驻军。
The United States has a substantial military presence in the country. 美国在该国派有大量驻军。
police presence 派驻的警察 
There was a strong police presence throughout the demonstration. 整个示威游行期间都有一大批警察在场。
The march went ahead in spite of the overwhelming police presence. 游行队伍不顾众多警察在场继续前进。
The government is maintaining a heavy police presence in the area. 政府在这地区派驻了大批警察。

exclamation.（也可用pardon me）当某人偶然发出了粗鲁的噪音，或说错话、做错事时，用于表示道歉，即抱歉，对不起:
n. 1 [U] [正式] pardon (for sth)（对某人所做的某事的）原谅、宽恕:
2 [C]（英国在法律领域也可用free pardon）对罪犯的赦免或特赦，通常是领袖对政治犯的“特赦”，一般宽容罪犯的罪责但未必完全免除处罚（“大赦天下”中的“大赦”用amnesty，指宽恕破坏社会秩序的某类或各类一般犯罪，通常免除处罚）:
vt. 1 pardon sb (for sth/for doing sth) 原谅某人所说的话或所做的事（可用于很多表达法中以表示礼貌），相当于excuse，此时二者未见明显差别:
2 赦免或特赦（罪犯）:
exclamation.（美尤用pardon me）由于自己未听到或未理解而请求某人重复某事，即请再说一遍:
pardon |['pɑːdn]
He asked her pardon for having deceived her. 他欺骗了她，向她请求原谅。
I ask your pardon for my actions. 我请求您宽恕我的所作所为。
She asked for a pardon for her crime. 她请求赦免她的罪行。
posthumous pardon 对死者的赦免 
presidential, royal pardon 总统特赦；王室特赦 
The government offered a free pardon to the rebels. 政府给予叛乱分子特赦。
Pardon my ignorance, but what is a ‘duplex’? 请原谅我无知，duplex是什么呢？
The place was, if you’ll pardon the expression, a dump. 那个地方，请恕我直言，简直是个垃圾场。
Pardon my asking, but is that your husband? 请原谅我多问，那位是您的先生吗？
Pardon me for interrupting you. 对不起，打扰您了。
She was pardoned after serving ten years of a life sentence. 她被判终身监禁服刑十年后被赦免了。
‘You’re very quiet today.’ ‘Pardon?’ ‘I said you’re very quiet today.’ “你今天话很少啊。”“什么？”“我说你今天话很少。”

adj. Merry Christmas 用于表示希望对方圣诞节快乐:
adj. 愉快的，高兴的，相当于cheery。不常用:
adj. [尤英，非正式] 微醉的:
merry |['merɪ]
a merry grin 愉快的笑

vt. 使某人迷上某事，使某人热衷于:
n. [C] 刚迷上…的人；最近开始热衷于…的人:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (from sth) (into/to sth)（使）…转换或转变到另一种形式、目的、体制等:
vi. ~ into/to sth 能被转换或转变到另一种形式、目的、体制等:
vt.&vi. ~ (sb) (from sth) (to sth)（使）某人改变宗教或信仰:
vt.&vi. ~ (sb) (from sb) (to sth)（使）改变（观点、习惯等）:
n. [C] ~ (from sth) (to sth) 改变宗教、信仰、观点等的人；皈依者:
vt. 在橄榄球和美式足球中，（在持球触地或持球越过对方球门线得分后）获得附加分:
convert |[kənˈvɜ:t;美-ˈvɜ:rt]
He quickly converted me to the joys of cross-country skiing. 他很快就使我迷上了越野滑雪。
recent converts to vegetarianism 最近开始热衷于素食主义的人
The hotel is going to be converted into a nursing home. 那家旅馆将被改建成私人疗养院。
the entrepreneur who wants to convert County Hall into an hotel 想把市政厅改建成旅馆的企业家 
By converting the loft, they were able to have two extra bedrooms. 把阁楼改造一下，他们就可以多出两间卧室。
Save money by converting your car to unleaded. 将车改装一下，使用无铅汽油，这样可以省钱。
The programme to convert every gas burner in Britain took 10 years. 完成对英国所有煤气灶的改造花了10年时间。
We've converted from oil to gas central heating. 我们已经把中央供热系统由燃油改成了燃气。
What rate will I get if I convert my dollars into euros? 如果我把美元兑换成欧元，汇率是多少？
Converting metric measurements to U.S. equivalents is easy. 将公制计量换算成美制计量非常简单。
The signal will be converted into digital code. 信号会被转变为数字代码。
naturally occurring substances which the body can convert into vitamins 自然产生的能被身体转化成维生素的物质 
a sofa that converts into a bed 可改作床用的沙发 
He converted from Christianity to Islam. 他由基督教改信伊斯兰教。
She was soon converted to the socialist cause. 她不久便转而献身于社会主义事业了。
He was a major influence in converting Godwin to political radicalism. 戈德温变成政治激进主义者主要是受他的影响。
If you try to convert him, you could find he just walks away. 如果你试图改变他的信仰，他就会走开。
I've converted to organic food. 我改吃有机食物了。
I didn't use to like opera but my husband has converted me. 我过去不喜欢歌剧，但我丈夫改变了我。
Catholic, Jewish convert 天主教的皈依者；犹太教的皈依者 
a convert to Islam 改信伊斯兰教的人 
converts from other faiths 来自其他宗教信仰的皈依者 
Pope Clement was a convert from paganism. 克雷芒教皇是来自异教的皈依者 
a convert to the cause 一个转而支持这项事业的人

n. [C] 一个区域（或一个地方）的最远的边缘，如地界、范围:
n. 1 [C] limit (to sth) 一个临界点，在此点处某事物不再可能或不再存在，即限度:
2 [C] limit (on sth) 所允许的某事物的最大或最小数量，即限量，限额，相当于restriction:
vt. 1 limit sth (to sth) 阻止某事物增加而超过一个特定的数量或水平，如限制，限定，相当于restrict:
2 limit yourself/sb (to sth) 限制或减少你或某人能够拥有或使用的事物的数量或数额，如限量，限额:
limit |['lɪmɪt]
the limits of civilization 蛮荒地界 
the city limits 市区范围 
islands on the outer limit of the continent 在大陆外围界限上的岛屿 
There was no school within a limit of ten miles. 十英里内没有一所学校。
She explained it was her room and it was off limits. 她解释说那是她的房间，禁止入内。
There is a limit to the amount of pain we can bear. 我们能忍受的疼痛是有限度的。
physical limit 生理局限 
I was almost at the limits of my patience. 我的耐心几乎到了极限。
She knew the limits of her power. 她知道自己的权限。
His arrogance knew (= had) no limits. 他极其傲慢。
The new law has its limits. 新法律有其局限性。
She pushed me to the limit of my abilities. 她逼着我把自己的能力发挥到了极限。
They did well within the limits of their knowledge. 鉴于知识所限，他们已经做得很好了。
There’s a limit to what we can do to help. 我们能帮的有限。
age, height, speed, time limit 年龄限制；高度限制；速度限制；时间限制 
to set strict limits on levels of pollution 对污染程度做出严格的限制 
Four cups of coffee is my daily limit. 四杯咖啡是我一天的限量。
I can offer you $50 but that’s my absolute limit. 我可以给你出50美元，但这是我能出的最高数额了。
lower, minimum limit 下限 
budget, credit limit 预算限额；信贷限额
measures to limit carbon dioxide emissions from cars 限制汽车二氧化碳排放的措施 
The amount of money you have to spend will limit your choice. 你要消费的金额限制着你的选择。
The change in the law was designed to limit the scope for corruption. 修改法律条文是为了遏制腐败。
The teaching of history should not be limited to dates and figures. 历史教学不能只限于日期和数字。
Families are limited to four free tickets each. 每户限发四张免费票。
I’ve limited myself to 1 000 calories a day. 我限定自己每天摄入1000卡的热量。
I refuse to limit myself to these barriers. 我不会让自己受这些障碍制约。

vt. 涉及:
vt.（规律）适用于（某些人、事或情况）:
vt. cover yourself (against sth) 采取行动以使自己免遭责备:
vt. 1 cover sth (with sth) 把…放在…上面或前面以对其进行隐藏，即掩盖，遮盖:
2（某事物）盖住另一事物以对其进行隐藏，即掩盖，遮盖:
n. [C, usually sing.] cover (for sth) 看起来诚实、正直或真实，实则对某人的真实身份、感情或违法事情起到掩盖作用的活动或行为，即掩饰:
vt. 1 cover sth (with sth) 把…放在…上面或前面以对其进行保护，即掩盖，遮盖:
2（某事物）盖住另一事物以对其进行保护，即掩盖，遮盖:
3 用枪掩护某人:
n. 1 [U] 躲避处（可抵御恶劣天气或攻击）:
2 [U] 在某人的进攻过程中、处于危险之中、或被攻击的过程中所提供的掩护、防护（常指用武器进行的掩护）:
vt. 包括，包含；涉及；处理。是一个形象化用法。一般仅指某个事物在范围上“涵盖”了…，而不表示contain那种空间上“容纳”某些事物:
vt. cover sb/sth in/with sth 在…上面放置或撒上、洒上、溅上、铺上一层液体或灰尘、其他事物等:
vt. 走过（或称穿行越过）一段路程:
vi. cover for sb 为避免他人陷入麻烦而编造一个谎言或借口:
vi. cover for sb（当某人不在时）代替其进行工作或代其履行职责:
n. [U] 当其他人不在或人手不够时，某人替代这些人进行工作，即代劳:
vt. 用枪瞄准一个地方或一个人（以致无人可逃跑或开枪）:
n. [pl.] the covers可指床上的盖具，如床单；床罩；毯子；被子等:
n. [C] 放在某物体上面的事物（该事物通常对被覆盖物起保护或装饰作用），即覆盖物；遮蔽物；套子；罩子等:
n. [U] 生长在一个地区的树木和植物，即自然植被。是由众多单棵植物所构成的一个面积广大的植被群，强调对地面的覆盖效果:
vt.（在讲座、课程或书籍中）论及（某一主题）。是一个形象化用词和概括性用词，其本身含义较广:
vt. 在电视、报纸等媒体上报道一次新闻事件；在电视上播出一次事件。本身是一个广义用词，与report不同，cover此时仅为及物动词:
vt. 1 cover sth (with sth) 把…放在…上面或前面以对其进行隐藏或保护，即掩盖，遮盖:
2（某事物）盖住另一事物以对其进行隐藏或保护，即掩盖，遮盖:
3 覆盖在…表面上:
4 覆盖（或占）一片面积:
n. [U] 云层对天空的遮盖，或雪对大地的遮盖等:
vt. 用枪瞄准一个地方或一个人（以致无人可逃跑或开枪）:
vt. 翻唱（原来由另一乐队或歌手演唱的歌曲）:
n. [C] 歌曲的翻唱版本，相当于cover version:
vt.（钱币）足以支付，够付。其主语既可以是人，也可以是钱，还可以是赚钱的活动。不过cover比afford更强调金钱的充足程度，以及由于金钱的充足而带来的安全感和解决问题的能力:
vt. cover sb/sth (against/for sth) 通过保险来保护某人，使其免受损失、伤害等。与protect词义相似。不过表此义时比protect常用:
n. [U] [英] [美用coverage] cover (agaist sth) 保险公司所提供的保险。强调保单的覆盖范围和保险给人带来的安全感，是一种形象化的用法。词义上已为insurance所涵盖，且使用频率次于insurance:
vi. 包庇（做秘密或非法事情的人）。是此义的一个基础用词。但并不强调采用何种方法来包庇:
n. [C] 图书或杂志的封皮。是此义的常规用词:
cover |['kʌvə]
The lectures covered a lot of ground. 这些讲座涉及的内容极为广泛丰富。
The law covers four categories of experiments. 这一原理适用于四类试验。
One reason doctors take temperatures is to cover themselves against negligence claims. 医生测量体温的一个原因是免得被指玩忽职守而遭受索赔。
She covered her face with her hands. 她双手掩面。
She used twigs to cover up the hole. 她用小树枝盖住洞口。
He covered the body with a cloth. 他用一块布盖住那具尸体。
He laughed to cover his nervousness.（比喻用法）他哈哈大笑以掩饰紧张的心情。
to cover his embarrassment（比喻用法）掩饰他的尴尬 
Her hair partially covered her face. 她的头发把脸遮住了一部分。
spies operating under diplomatic cover 以外交身份为掩护进行活动的间谍 
The guard believed her cover story. 卫兵相信了她的假话。
The club is a cover for various criminal activities. 该俱乐部为各种犯罪活动提供掩护。
He realized his cover had been blown. 他意识到自己的身份已经暴露了。
Her over-confident attitude was a cover for her nervousness. 她以过分自信的态度来掩饰她紧张的心情。
He covered the body with a cloth. 他用一块布盖住那具尸体。
a black patch which covered his left eye 盖在他左眼上的黑眼罩 
Cover me while I move forward. 掩护我前进。
Everyone ran for cover when it started to rain. 雨下起来时，大家都跑着找地方避雨。
They sought cover from the wind. 他们寻找避风的地方。
After the explosion the street was full of people running for cover. 爆炸发生以后，满街的人都奔跑躲避。
The deer broke cover as the hunters approached. 猎人接近时，鹿从躲藏的地方跑了出来。
air cover for ground operations 为地面行动提供空中掩护 
They move under cover of darkness. 他们在黑夜的掩护下行进。
The survey covers all aspects of the business. 调查范围涵盖了这家企业的各个方面。
The lectures covered a lot of ground. 这些讲座涉及的内容极为广泛丰富。
the sales team covering the northern part of the country 负责该国北部地区的销售团队 
Do the rules cover a case like this? 这些规则适用于这样一种情况吗？
We’ve hardly covered a quarter of the course. 这门课程我们连四分之一都没完成。
The tax may be extended to cover books. 该税可能要扩大范围，把图书也包括在内。
The wind blew in from the desert and covered everything with sand. 风从沙漠那边吹来，把一切都蒙上了一层沙子。
The desk was covered with papers. 书桌上铺了些报纸。
The cars were all covered in snow. 汽车全都埋在雪里了。
The children were completely covered with mud. 孩子们满身是泥。
They walked for a long time and covered a good deal of ground. 他们步行了很长时间，走了好长的一段路。
It would not be easy to cover ten miles on that amount of petrol. 要靠那点儿汽油跑十英里可不容易。
I have to go out for a minute--will you cover for me if anyone asks where I am? 我得出去一会儿，假如有人问起我在哪里，你能为我搪塞一下吗？
I’m covering for Jane while she’s on leave. 简休假期间我顶替她工作。
to organize cover for staff who are absent 安排他人顶替缺席的员工
The police covered the exits to the building. 警方用枪封锁了那栋大楼的出口。
Don’t move--we’ve got you covered! 不许动！我们的枪口正对着你呢！
She slid under the covers. 她钻进了被窝。
bed covers 床上铺盖 
thick, warm covers 厚厚的铺盖；温暖的铺盖 
thin covers 薄薄的铺盖
a plastic waterproof cover for the stroller 手推童车的塑料防水篷 
a sofa with washable covers 一张沙发套可拆洗的沙发 
protective cover 保护套 
dust cover 防尘罩 
cushion, mattress, pillow（美）, seat cover 靠垫套；床垫套；枕套；座套 
album cover 专辑封面 
the cover of the bin 垃圾桶盖 
a cover for the swimming pool 游泳池的顶棚
forest, vegetation cover 森林覆盖；植被 
plants that provide good ground cover 给地面提供良好覆盖的植物
Introduction to Chemistry aims to cover important topics in organic chemistry.《化学入门》意在论及有机化学的重要问题。
The BBC will cover all the major games of the tournament. 英国广播公司将报道这次锦标赛的所有重要赛事。
She covered her face with her hands. 她双手掩面。
to cover up the hole 盖住洞口 
He covered the body with a cloth. 他用一块布盖住那具尸体。
He laughed to cover his nervousness.（比喻用法）他哈哈大笑以掩饰紧张的心情。
a black patch which covered his left eye 盖在他左眼上的黑眼罩 
Her hair partially covered her face. 她的头发把脸遮住了一部分。
Snow covered the ground. 大雪覆盖了大地。
Much of the country is covered by forest. 森林覆盖着这个国家的大片土地。
The clouds covered the entire sky. 乌云遮蔽了整个天空。
The reserve covers an area of some 1 140 square kilometres. 保护区占地面积大约为1140平方公里。
cloud, ice, snow cover 云层；冰盖；积雪层
The police covered the exits to the building. 警方用枪封锁了那栋大楼的出口。
Don’t move--we’ve got you covered! 不许动！我们的枪口正对着你呢！
to cover an old number 翻唱一首老歌
$100 should cover your expenses. 100美元该足够支付你的费用了。
Your parents will have to cover your tuition fees. 你的父母得支付你的学费。
The show barely covered its costs. 这场演出勉强够本。
The payments he gets barely cover his expenses. 他赚的钱几乎不够他花的。
Are you fully covered for fire and theft? 你是否买了足够的火险和失窃险？
Does this policy cover my husband to drive? 这份保险单是否保我丈夫的驾车险？
This policy should cover you against accidental injury. 这份保险单保意外伤害险。
accident cover 事故保险 
fire, health, life, medical cover 火险；健康险；人寿保险；医疗险 
cover against accidental damage 意外损害保险 
comprehensive, full cover 综合保险；全险 
additional cover 附加保险 
insurance cover 保险范围 
This company provides wider cover. 该公司提供的保险覆盖面更广。 
Why would she cover for someone who was trying to kill her? 她为何要包庇那个试图要杀死她的人呢？
a small book with a green cover 一本绿色封面的小册子 
He always reads the paper from cover to cover. 他总是把报纸从头到尾全看一遍。
back, front cover 封底；封面 
book, magazine cover 图书封面；杂志封面 
cover image, cover story, cover character 封面图片；封面故事；封面人物 

evident (in/from sth) 清楚的，容易被看到的，即显而易见的、显然的，相当于obvious:
evident |['evɪdənt]
adj. evident (to sb) (that ...) 
It was fairly evident from her tone of voice that she disapproved. 从她说话的语调看，她显然不同意。
It was evident to me that the mission would fail. 在我看来，这项任务明显会失败。
Their symptoms may be less evident to their caregivers. 在护工看来，他们的症状也许不那么明显。

adj. 道德上错误的，即不道德的；也可以是严重错误的（此时并不限于道德层面），表示一种不满:
adj. 1 常作前置定语，与犯罪有关的，涉及犯罪的:
2 只作前置定语，与刑法相关的，即刑事的:
n. [C] 一个犯罪的人，即罪犯:
criminal |['krɪmɪnl]
a criminal waste of food 浪费食物的可耻行为 
Not to revise this policy would be criminal. 不修改这项政策的做法将是极其错误的。
criminal behaviour 犯罪行为 
criminal law 刑法 
the criminal justice system 刑事审判制度 
a criminal lawyer 刑事诉讼律师 
to bring criminal charges against sb 对某人提起刑事诉讼
violent criminal 暴力罪犯 
serious criminal 重罪犯 
habitual, hardened criminal 惯犯 
career, professional criminal 职业罪犯 
master criminal 主犯 
petty, street criminal 轻罪犯；街头犯罪者 
convicted criminal 已决犯 
suspected, wanted criminal 嫌疑犯；通缉犯 
corporate, white-collar criminal 法人犯罪人；白领罪犯 
war criminal 战犯

be an indication of:be表示
be a symbol of; have as meaning:be的象征；有作为意义
(of a person) indicate or declare (a feeling or intention):（某人的）表示或声明（感觉或意图）
be of importance:重要
(among black Americans) exchange boasts or insults as a game or ritual:（在美国黑人中）交换吹嘘或侮辱作为游戏或仪式
signify |ˈsɪɡnɪfʌɪ| Verb/:表示,意味着,表明
this decision signified a fundamental change in their priorities:这个决定标志着他们的优先事项发生了根本性的变化
the church used this image to signify the Holy Trinity:教会用这个形象来表示三位一体
signify your agreement by signing the letter below:通过签署下面的信件来表示您的同意
the locked door doesn't necessarily signify:锁着的门并不一定意味着
I wasn't signifying at her:我不是在暗示她

prep. 与…相比:
prep. 挨着…，在…旁边（或附近）:
beside |[bɪ'saɪd]
My painting looks childish beside yours. 同你的相比，我的画显得很幼稚。
He sat beside her all night. 整个晚上他都坐在她的身边。
a tent beside a stream 小溪旁的帐篷 
On the table beside an empty plate was a pile of books. 桌上的空碟子旁摆着一摞书。

n. [C]（尤指新买的机器的）使用手册、说明书、使用指南:
adj. 1（工作等）用手的；用体力的:
2 用手操作或控制（而非用电力、马达等自动进行控制）的:
3 与用手有关的，即手工的、用手的:
manual |[ˈmænjuəl]
how-to（尤美）, instruction, instructional（尤美）, training manual 指导手册；说明书；培训手册 
advice, self-help manual 建议手册；自助手册 
operator's（美）, owner's, teacher's（美）, user, user's manual 操作指南；用户手册；教师手册 
computer, software manual 计算机手册；软件手册 
car（尤英）, driver's（尤美）汽车使用说明书；驾驶员手册 
diagnostic, maintenance, operating, operations, reference，repair, technical manual 诊断手册；保养手册；操作手册；参考手册；维修手册；技术手册 
sex manual 性爱手册 
comprehensive, detailed manual 综合手册；详细指南 
online, printed manual 在线指南；印刷版指南 
The computer comes with a comprehensive owner's manual. 计算机附带有一本内容全面的用户手册。
Check your manual for details. 详情请参阅手册。
The manual said not to use the fryer on wooden decks. 手册上说木质台板上不能使用煎锅。
According to the manual, the wires should be the other way around. 根据手册，电线应该反过来接。
What does it say in the manual? 手册里怎么说的?
an instruction manual for a knitting machine 编织机说明书 
a manual on teaching drama 戏剧教学手册
manual labour, manual jobs, manual skills 体力劳动；体力活儿；手工技巧 
manual and non-manual workers 体力劳动者和非体力劳动者 
a manual gearbox 手动变速箱 
My camera has manual and automatic functions. 我的照相机有手调和自动两种功能。
There is a manual pump to get rid of the water. 有一只手摇水泵用来排水。
toys designed to help develop manual dexterity 用来培养手的灵活性的玩具

a dormitory.:一个宿舍。
dorm |dɔːm| Noun/:宿舍,寝

n. 1 [C] 马戏团:
2 [sing.] the circus可指马戏表演（常在一个大帐篷里进行）:
n. [C]（古罗马）露天圆形竞技场（用于举办公共赛事）:
n. [C] [英]（用于某些地名）城镇中若干条街道相汇聚所形成的一片圆形开阔地域，可称为圆形广场，或环形交叉路口:
n. [sing.] [非正式，贬] 吸引很多人注意的一群人或一次事件:
circus |['sə:kəs]
We took the children to the circus. 我们带孩子们去看了马戏表演。
Piccadilly Circus 皮卡迪利广场
A media circus surrounded the royal couple wherever they went. 无论王室夫妇走到何处，他们的身后都会跟着一大群媒体记者。
the American electoral circus 美国大选的热闹场面

n. 1 [C] 带有浴缸、洗脸盆（还常带有厕所）的一间屋子，可称为浴室或盥洗室:
2 [C] [美] 带有厕所、洗涤池且有时还带有浴盆或淋浴装置的一间屋子，可称为洗手间或卫生间:
bathroom |['bɑːθru:m]
Go and wash your hands in the bathroom. 到盥洗室洗手去。
shared bathroom 共用的浴室 
private bathroom 独立浴室 
bathroom mirror 浴室镜子 
I have to go to the bathroom. 我得上洗手间。
Where’s the bathroom? (= for example in a restaurant) 卫生间在哪里？

adj.（观点等）富于幻想而不切实际的:
n. [C] 耽于幻想的一个人:
n. [C] 充满浪漫幻想或感情的一个人:
adj. 1（人）浪漫的，富于浪漫气息的，有情调的:
2（戏剧、电影或故事）关于爱情的，浪漫的:
adj. 性爱的；和性爱有关的:
adj. [常用于名词前] Romantic可指浪漫主义的，浪漫主义风格的（尤用以描述18、19世纪的文学、音乐或艺术，以情感强烈、想象和回归自然为特征）:
n. [C] Romantic可指浪漫主义作家（或音乐家、艺术家）:
adj.（事物或场合）美妙的、富有浪漫情调的、充满浪漫气息的:
romantic |[rəʊˈmæntɪk;美roʊ-]
a romantic view of life 对于生活的不切实际的想法 
He has a romantic view of rural society. 他对农村的看法不切实际。
When I was younger, I had romantic ideas of becoming a writer. 我年轻一些的时候幻想过要成为一名作家。
I don't have any romantic notions about having a baby. It's a really tough job. 我对生孩子并没有抱任何幻想。这的确是件很不容易的事情。
highly romantic notions of marriage 对于婚姻非常浪漫的想法
an incurable romantic 摆脱不了不切实际的幻想的人 
He was a romantic at heart and longed for adventure. 他骨子里是一位浪漫的人，渴望历险。
Why don't you ever give me flowers? I wish you'd be more romantic. 你为什么从来不给我送花？我真希望你能浪漫一点。
When we're together, all he talks about is business. I wish he were more romantic. 我们在一起的时候，他总是谈论生意。我希望他能更浪漫一点。
They enjoyed a romantic dinner for two at one of their favourite restaurants. 他俩在他们最喜欢的一家餐馆里吃了一顿浪漫的二人晚餐。
You're getting very romantic in your old age! 你真是越老越浪漫！
romantic stories, romantic novel, romantic fiction 言情故事；言情小说 
It is a lovely romantic comedy, well worth seeing. 这是一部温馨的爱情喜剧，非常值得一看。          
I'm not interested in a romantic relationship. 我对谈情说爱不感兴趣。
his early romantic experiences 他早期的性爱经历 
He was not interested in a romantic relationship with Ingrid. 他并没有兴趣和英格丽德发生性关系。
the Romantic movement 浪漫主义运动 
Keats is one of the greatest Romantic poets. 济慈是最伟大的浪漫主义诗人之一。
romantic music 富有情调的音乐 
a romantic candlelit dinner 浪漫的烛光晚餐 
romantic mountain scenery 美妙的山区风光 
Seacliff House is one of the most romantic ruins in Scotland. 海崖城堡是苏格兰最富有浪漫色彩的遗迹之一。
romantic images from travel brochures 旅行手册上充满浪漫色彩的图片

vt.＆vi. 改进自己或别人的行为:
vt. 改良一个体系、组织、一部法律等，即改革，改良:
n. [U, C] 对一个社会体制、组织、人的行为等所进行的改良或矫正，即改革，改良，改善:
reform |[rɪ'fɔ:m][rɪ'fɔ:m]
She thought she could reform him. 她觉得她可以使他洗心革面。
He has promised to reform. 他许诺要改过自新。
to reform the social security system 改革社会保障体系 
The law needs to be reformed. 法律需要进行改革。
political reform 政治改革 
judicial reform 司法改革 
economic reform 经济改革 
agricultural reform 农业改革 
reforms in housing and education 住房和教育改革 
structural reform 结构改造 
reform movement 改革运动 
reform school（尤美）少年犯管教所

n. [C] 丈量土地的一种单位，相当于4047平方米，即英亩:
acre |['eɪkə]
ten acres of land 十英亩土地

n. [sing.]（某种）经验体系；或某人的经历（可以是其全部经历，也可以是其全部经历中的重要部分）:
n. 1 [sing.] the universe 可指宇宙（包括整个太空和其中的地球、行星和恒星等一切事物）:
2 [C]（我们所在宇宙之外的）宇宙:
universe |['ju:nɪvə:s]
the moral universe 道德体系 
Good writers suck in what they see of the world, re-creating their own universe on the page. 好的作家观摄现实世界，在书里重新创造自己的世界。
He lives in a little universe of his own. 他生活在自己的小天地里。
The characters exist in a parallel universe. 这些人物在现实生活中根本不存在。
vast universe 广袤的宇宙 
material, physical universe 物质世界 
The universe is still expanding. 宇宙还在膨胀。
the origin of the universe 宇宙的起源 
a parallel universe 平行宇宙

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (for sth) 杀死某人，尤指依法处死:
vt. [正式] 执行一项任务、实行或实施一项计划等:
vt. [正式] 成功地完成一个（高难度的）技巧或动作:
vt. [法律] 执行法令；使法律文件生效:
vt. [正式] 制作一件艺术品:
execute |[ˈeksɪkju:t]
He was executed for treason. 他因叛国罪被处死。
The prisoners were executed by firing squad. 这些犯人已由行刑队枪决。
He was executed by lethal injection earlier today. 他于今天早些时候被注射处死。
He was executed as a martyr to his Catholic faith. 他因为信仰天主教而被处决成了殉道者。
innocent people who are wrongly executed 被错误处死的无辜的人们 
One group claimed to have executed the American hostage. 一个组织声称已经处决了那名美国人质。
The crime was very cleverly executed. 这一犯罪活动实施得非常巧妙。
The second goal was superbly executed. 第二个目标完成得很出色。
a carefully executed and well-presented study 一项精心进行并给出出色汇报的研究 
I swear that I will faithfully executed the office of President of the United States. 我宣誓我会竭尽忠诚地履行美国总统的职责。
Check that the computer has executed your commands. 检查一下计算机是否已执行指令。
They drew up and executed a plan to reduce fuel consumption. 他们制订并实施了一项降低燃料消耗的计划。
We are going to execute our campaign plan to the letter. 我们将严格施行我们的竞选计划。
The pilot executed a perfect landing. 飞行员完成了一个非常娴熟的着陆动作。
I executed the hairpin turn high on the sheer western face of the mountains. 我在山脉西侧陡峭的高处成功地急转弯。
The landing was skilfully executed. 熟练地完成了着陆。
The movement was beautifully executed. 动作完成得很漂亮。
duly execute（英）按时执行 
The agreement had been duly executed. 这份协议已经如期执行。
Picasso also executed several landscapes at Horta de San Juan. 毕加索还在奥尔塔─德圣胡安画了几幅风景画。
a well-executed shot of a tall ship 优秀的高桅横帆船摄影作品

vt. inspire sb (to sth) 给予某人渴望、信心或热情让其去把某事做好，即激励，鼓舞:
inspire sb (in sth) 使某人拥有或产生某种感情、情感或感觉:
vt. 常用被动式，激发某人的灵感（尤指艺术灵感）或想象力:
inspire |[ɪn'spaɪə]
The actors’ enthusiasm inspired the kids. 演员们的热情鼓舞着孩子们。
His superb play inspired the team to a thrilling 5–0 win. 他的出色表现使球队士气大振，以5:0大获全胜。
vt. inspire sb (with sth) 
to inspire me with confidence 让我产生信心 
to inspire loyalty 激发忠诚度
The choice of decor was inspired by a trip to India. 选用这种装饰格调是从一次印度之行中得到的启发。
