mobilize			动员，组织
prove				证明
advantage								有利条件
fragment						碎片，片段，使...分开
consume						吃，喝，耗尽，充满
arithmetic					算术
fisherman					渔民，垂钓者
succeed					成功，继承
locate						把...设置在
portion					一部分
capsule							胶囊，航天舱，瓶封
low									低的，小的，少的，消沉的
represent					相当于，代表，占据，声称
competent						有能力的，足够的
vacuum						真空，空白，吸尘
manifest					明显的，清楚显示，证明
manifest itself				显现
evolve						进化，逐步发展
furniture					家具
composition						构成，创作，作品
director						董事，负责人，导演
manager						经理，管理人
synthesis					综合，合成
conspicuous						显眼的，显著的
tempo						速度，节奏
thermometer					温度计
intelligence					智力，情报
ecology					生态
doom							劫数，毁灭
insulate					使隔绝，使...绝缘，使分离
March								三月
\\\\\\\\

vt.&vi. 动员、组织、鼓动、召集（一群人），把人们动员起来:
vt. 动用、调用（资源）:
vt.&vi.（国家或军队）战时动员:
mobilize |[ˈməʊbəlaɪz;美ˈmoʊ-]
The unions mobilized thousands of workers in a protest against the cuts. 各级工会组织了数千名工人抗议削减工资。
The best hope is that we will mobilize international support and get down to action. 最好的希望是我们能争取到国际上的支持，然后采取行动。
The purpose of the journey is to mobilize public opinion on the controversial issue. 此行的目的就是动员公众对这个备受争议的问题发表意见。
They successfully mobilized public opinion against him. 他们成功地鼓动舆论反对他。
If you could mobilize the resources, you could get it done. 如果你能够调集资源，就可以把这件事做成。
They were unable to mobilize the resources they needed. 他们无法调用他们需要的资源。
The troops were ordered to mobilize. 部队接到了动员令。
Sudan even threatened to mobilize in response to the ultimatums. 作为对最后通牒的回应，苏丹甚至威胁说要动员军队。
India is now in a better position to mobilize its forces. 印度现在更有条件动员军队了。
The military is able to mobilize rapidly. 军队能够迅速动员起来。
The country was mobilizing for war. 该国在进行战争动员。

linking verb.（在一段时间后）发现（或被发现）是，相当于turn out:
vt. 1 prove yourself (to sb) 向别人展示自己在某方面的才能或能力:
2 prove yourself sth/to be sth 向别人展示你是某类人或你有某种品质:
vi. 面包在烘焙前由于发酵作用而隆起，相当于rise:
vt. prove sth (to sb) 用事实、证据等表明某事是真的，即证明、证实:
prove |[pru:v]
The opposition proved too strong for him. 这个对手过于强劲，使得他难以招架。
Shares in the industry proved a poor investment. 事实证明投资这个行业的股票是一个失败。
The promotion proved to be a turning point in his career. 这次晋升证明是他职业生涯的一个转折点。
He constantly feels he has to prove himself to others. 他时常觉得自己必须向人一展身手。
He proved himself determined to succeed. 他向人证明了自己不达目的不罢休。
to prove her innocence 证明她的清白 
‘I know you’re lying.’ ‘Prove it!’ “我知道你在撒谎。”“拿出证据来！” 
Their reaction just proves my point. 他们的反应恰恰证明了我的观点。

n. [C] 网球运动中可指40-40以后所得的第一分，即（局末平分后的）占先:
n. 1 [C, U] advantage (over sb) 帮助自己（这个“自己”，可以是人，也可以是事物）并使自己比其他人更好（或更成功）的一个东西，可称为优势，有利条件，有利因素等:
2 [C] 使某事物本身变得更好（或更有用）的一种品质，即优点:
vt. [正式] 使某人比其他人（或比以前的自己）处于一个有利的位置:
advantage |[əd'vɑːntɪdӡ]
Advantage Roddick. 罗迪克占先。
Being tall gave him an advantage over the other players. 他个子高，比其他运动员有优势。
The new design gives us a clear advantage over our competitors. 新的设计使我们比竞争对手有明显的优势。
competitive, educational, psychological, technological advantage 竞争优势；教育优势；心理优势；技术优势 
cost, price, speed, tax advantage 成本优势；价格优势；速度优势；税收优势 
A small car has the added advantage of being cheaper to run. 小型轿车还有一个优点是养护成本比较便宜。
the advantages of living in a small town 在小城镇居住的好处 
The bright lighting showed the jewels to their best advantage. 明亮的灯光将那些珠宝衬托得格外好看。

vt.&vi.（使）碎裂、破裂、分裂:
n. [C] 碎片、片段:
fragment |[ˈfrægmənt]
The clouds fragmented and out came the sun. 乌云散开，太阳出来了。
Fierce rivalries have traditionally fragmented the region. 激烈的竞争已经如从前一样使得该地区四分五裂。
Police found fragments of glass near the scene. 警方在现场附近发现了玻璃碎片。
The shattered vase lay in fragments on the floor. 打碎的花瓶在地上成了一堆碎片。
fragments of pottery 陶器碎片 
rock fragment 岩石碎块 
fragments of metal in my shoulder 我肩膀里的几块金属碎片 
I overheard a fragment of their conversation. 我无意中听到他们谈话的只言片语。
She read everything, digesting every fragment of news. 她什么都看，对新闻的每个片段都细细品味。
a fragment of information 一个信息碎片 
We had difficulty in piecing together the fragments of her story. 我们很难把她那支离破碎的故事片段拼合起来。

vt. [正式]（火）完全烧毁:
vt. 消耗、耗费（时间）:
vt. [正式] consume sb (with sth) 常用被动式，表示使某人充满某种强烈感情:
vt. [正式] 消耗、耗费（燃料、能量或时间等）:
vt. [正式] 吃，喝:
consume |[kən'sju:m]
The hotel was quickly consumed by fire. 那座旅馆很快被大火吞噬。
Carolyn was consumed with guilt. 卡罗琳深感内疚。
Rage consumed him. 他无比愤怒。
The electricity industry consumes large amounts of fossil fuels. 电力工业消耗大量的化石燃料。
He had consumed a large quantity of alcohol. 他喝了大量的酒。

n. [U] 关于某个形势的（用数字表达出来的）数据:
n. [U] 计算，算术运算。也不太常用:
n. [U] 算术:
arithmetic |[ə'rɪθmətɪk,͵ærɪθ'metɪk]
The arithmetic was discouraging. 数据不容乐观。
mental arithmetic 心算 
My arithmetic is right. 我的计算是对的。
to do simple arithmetic 做简单的算术
the basics of arithmetic 算术的基本知识

n. [C] 以捕鱼或钓鱼为业或将其作为一项运动的人，即渔民，垂钓者:
fisherman |['fɪʃəmən]
local fishermen 当地渔民 
commercial fisherman 商业渔民 
recreational fisherman 休闲垂钓爱好者 
deep-sea fisherman 深海渔民 

vi. 1 succeed (in doing sth) 做成自己所尝试去做的事情；实现目标。如成功:
succeed (as sth)（在工作、赚钱、获取权力或尊重等方面）成功、有作为:
vi. succeed (to sth) 从故去的某人那里获得爵位权、财产权等，即继承:
vt. 紧跟在某人或某事物之后出现并接替其位置，如接替、继任、随后出现，相当于follow:
succeed |[sək'si:d]
Our plan succeeded. 我们的计划成功了。
He succeeded in getting a place at art school. 他被艺术学校录取了。
I tried to discuss it with her but only succeeded in making her angry. 我本想跟她商量，结果却把她惹火了。
The appeal is unlikely to succeed. 上诉不大可能赢。
to succeed at tennis 打好网球 
We succeeded in repairing the engine. 我们修好了发动机。
2 succeed (in sth) 
You will have to work hard if you are to succeed. 要想有所作为，你必须苦干。
He had hoped to succeed as a violinist. 他曾希望做一名有成就的小提琴家。
to succeed in our aims 实现我们的目标
to succeed to the throne 继承王位
Who succeeded Kennedy as President? 接替肯尼迪任总统的是谁？
Their early success was succeeded by a period of miserable failure. 他们起初获得成功，但随后有一段惨痛失败的时期。
Strands of DNA are reproduced through succeeding generations. DNA（脱氧核糖核酸）链通过后代得到复制。

vt. 把…安置在（或建造于）某地:
vi. [尤美]（在某地）创办公司或企业:
vt. 找出或确定…的准确位置:
locate |[ləʊˈkeɪt;美ˈloʊkeɪt]
They located their headquarters in Swindon. 他们把总部设在了斯温登。
Tudor Court represents your opportunity to locate at the heart of the new Birmingham. 都铎宛，您在新伯明翰中心区置业的好机会。
The hotel is centrally located between Dam Square and Central Station. 宾馆位于水坝广场和中央火车站之间，处于中心地段。
Courtrooms are typically located in the interior of the building. 法庭通常位于大楼的内部。
Tribal lands are primarily located in remote rural regions. 部族土地基本上都处在偏远的乡村地区。
Two people can meet in virtual reality even if physically located in different continents. 两个人即便身处不同的大陆，也可以在虚拟现实中相遇。
The Web connects members regardless of where they are located geographically.无论成员身处什么地理位置，网络都把他们连在了一起。
The hotel is conveniently located within walking distance of the beach. 宾馆离海滩步行就可以到，很方便。
There are tax breaks for businesses that locate in rural areas. 在农村地区创办企业享有税收减免。
tax breaks for businesses that locate in run-down neighbor-hoods 针对开办在老旧街区的商户的减税措施 
Atlanta was voted the best city in which to locate a business by more than 400 chief executives. 逾400名行政总裁投票推选亚特兰大为最适宜开办公司的城市。
The company has increased the share of jobs located overseas. 公司增加了海外岗位的比例。
The mechanic located the fault immediately. 机修工立即找到了出故障的地方。
Rescue planes are trying to locate the missing sailors. 救援飞机正在努力查明失踪水手的下落。
The scientists want to locate the position of the gene on a chromosome. 科学家们希望找出该基因在染色体中的位置。
We've simply been unable to locate him. 我们就是没办法找到他。
The machine can accurately locate radioactive material. 这台机器能准确地确定放射性物质的位置。
We haven't yet been able to locate a suitable site. 我们仍然没能找到一个合适的场所。
Some stars are very easy to locate with a telescope. 有些星星用望远镜可以很容易地找到。
She took time to help me locate research materials. 她花时间帮我找研究材料。

n. 1 [C] 部分:
2 [C]（足够一个人吃的）食物的一份:
3 [usually sing.] 与人分享或分担的一份。相当于share:
vt. ~ sth (out) 把…分成若干份（或部分）:
portion |[ˈpɔ:ʃn;美ˈpɔ:rʃn]
Only a small portion of the budget is spent on books. 购书只占预算的一小部分。
Salaries take up a considerable portion of our total budget. 薪水占我们整个预算相当大的一部分。
The central portion of the bridge collapsed. 桥的中段坍塌了。
Damage was confined to a small portion of the castle. 城堡仅有一小部分受损。
a substantial/significant portion of the population 人口中的一大部分/重要部分 
I have spent a fairly considerable portion of my life here. 我生命中相当长的一段时光是在这里度过的。
double, generous, large 双份；大份 
small, tiny portion 小份 
individual portion 一人份 
Eat smaller portions at regular intervals. 定期吃一小部分。
He asked for a large portion of salad. 他要了一大份色拉。
a generous portion of meat 一大份肉 
Desserts can be substituted by a portion of fresh fruit. 餐后甜点可以用一份新鲜水果代替。
She cut the cake into six small portions. 她把蛋糕切成了六小份。
The portions were generous. 每份饭菜分量都很足。
You must accept a portion of the blame for this crisis. 你必须承担这次危机的一部分责任。
The factory portions and packs over 12 000 meals a day. 这个工厂每天分装12 000多份饭食。
Land was portioned out among the clans. 土地已分给了各个家族。

n. [C]（宇宙飞船上的）太空舱:
n. [C]（植物包含着种子的）蒴果，荚；（动物包含着卵的）囊，被膜:
n. 1 [C] 装药（如药粉或药剂）的胶囊:
2 [C]（医学或科学上用的装固态物质或液体的）小容器（常是塑料容器）:
capsule |['kæpsju:l]
an American space capsule 一个美国太空舱 
fish oil, vitamin capsule 鱼油胶囊；维生素胶囊 
To avoid capture, he swallowed a cyanide capsule. 为了不当俘虏，他吞下了一颗氰化物胶囊。
He first implanted a capsule into the animal’s brain. 他首先将胶囊植入那个动物的大脑。

adj. [非正式] 虚弱的；沮丧的；消沉的；无精打采的，相当于down:
adj. 1（也可用low-）常构成复合词，指低于通常（或平均）数量（或水平、价值）的:
2（数量等）减少的，缩减的；不足的:
adj. 1 低的；矮的；离地面近的:
2 在…底部的；接近…底部的:
3（收音机音量、烤箱温度或灯光亮度调成）低的:
4 低于通常（或预期）标准的:
5（比其他人或事物在重要性或地位上）低的，即低下的；次要的；低等的:
adv. 1 处于（或进入）一个低的位置，即低；向下。也可指离地面不高:
2 在（或进入）靠近…底部的位置:
3 尤用于构成复合词，指低于通常（或期望）的水平:
n. [C]（水平或价值的）低点，如低价值；低数目:
adj.（声音）低声的；小声的；轻声的:
adv.（声音）低声地；小声地:
adj. 1（光线）暗淡的；微弱的:
2（灯光亮度调成）低的:
adj.（人）不诚实的；不正直的:
adj.（衣服）领口开得低的:
vi. [文学] 牛（哞哞地）叫:
adj.（交通工具）处于低速档的:
n. [C] 气象学中可指大气中的低气压区:
adj.（元音）咧嘴发出的，开口发出的:
adj.（看法或品质）不好的；差的:
n. [C]（某人的生活或职业生涯中的）艰难时期，即低谷:
low |[ləʊ]
I’m feeling really low. 我现在很消沉。
They were in low spirits. 他们精神不振。
We are all very tired and morale is low. 我们都疲惫不堪，士气低落。
low prices 低价 
low-income families 低收入家庭 
the lowest temperature 最低温度 
a low level of unemployment 较低的失业水平 
Yogurt is usually very low in fat. 酸奶的脂肪含量通常很低。
The reservoir was low after the long drought. 久旱之后水库的水位下降了。
They were low on fuel. 他们的燃料快耗尽了。
Our stocks of food were getting low. 我们的食物储备越来越少。
low wall, low building, low table, low beam 矮墙；矮建筑物；矮桌子；低矮的横梁 
a low range of hills 低矮的冈峦 
low clouds 低云 
flying at low altitude 低空飞行 
The sun was low in the sky. 太阳低低地挂在天上。
low back pain 腰疼 
the lower slopes of the mountain 山麓斜坡 
temperatures in the low 20s (= no higher than 21–23˚) 略高于20度的温度 
The river was extremely low for winter. 这条河冬天的水位极低。
She turned her radio on low. 她把收音机声音调得很低。
students with low marks in their exams 考试得分低的学生 
a low standard of living 生活水平低 
low forms of life 低等生物 
jobs with low status 社会地位低下的职业 
Training was given a very low priority. 培训被摆在了非常次要的地位。
the lower classes of society 下层社会 
She refused to promote Colin above the low rank of “legal adviser.” 她拒绝提拔科林，只让他做低级别的“法律顾问”。
to bend low 俯身 
a plane flying low over the town 在城市上方低空飞行的一架飞机 
The sun sank lower towards the horizon. 太阳渐渐西沉。
a window set low in the wall 窗台低的窗户 
The candles were burning low. 蜡烛快点完了。
low-priced goods 低价商品 
a low-powered PC 低性能的个人电脑 
a very low-scoring game 得分很低的比赛 
Prices dropped to a low of about $1.12 in December. 价格在12月份跌到大约1.12美元的低点。
The temperature reached a record low in London last night. 昨晚伦敦的气温降到了有记录以来的最低点。
The company’s popularity has hit a new low. 该公司的声望降到了一个新的低点。
The cello is lower than the violin. 大提琴的声音比小提琴低沉。
They were speaking in low voices. 他们在低声说话。
He’s singing an octave lower than the rest of us. 他唱的比我们其他人都低八度。
Can you turn the music lower? 能不能把音乐调小点？
low light 昏暗的光线 
Buy a dimmer switch and keep the light on low. 买一个调光器，把亮度调低。
He mixes with some pretty low types. 他和一些不三不四的人厮混在一起。
a dress with a low neckline 领口低的连衣裙
The cow is lowing. 那头牛在哞哞叫。
The car is in low gear. 车处于低速档。
Another low is moving in from the Atlantic. 另一个低气压区正从大西洋逼近。
She has a very low opinion of her own abilities. 她认为自己的能力很差。
A school would not accept low-quality work from any student. 学校不会接受任何学生的低水平作品。
a low in her life 她人生中的一个艰难时期 
the highs and lows of an actor’s life 演员生涯中的起起落落

vt. 作为某事物的一个象征，如象征、代表，相当于symbolize:
vt. 1 represent sb/sth (as sb/sth)（尤指在图画、图片或图表中）展示某人或某事物，还可称为描绘，相当于depict:
2 [正式] represent sb/sth (as sth) 以某种方式（尤指可能不公平地）呈现或描述某人或某事物:
linking verb. 是某事物、等于、相当于，与constitute近义:
vt. [正式] represent sth (to sb) 向当权者做出正式声明（以使自己的意见被知晓或为表示抗议）:
vt. 1 常用被动式，作为某个群体的一名成员而在一场活动、会议等场合行事或讲话，即代表:
2 正式为某人做出行动或发声，以维护其利益:
3 无被动式，成为某事物的一个例子、典范或表现物，相当于be typical of:
vt. represent sb/sth (as sb/sth) 在图画中展示某人或某事物，如描绘，相当于depict:
represent |[͵reprɪ'zent]
Each colour on the chart represents a different department. 图表中的每一种颜色都代表一个不同的部门。
Wind direction is represented by arrows. 风向是用箭头表示的。
The carvings represent a hunting scene. 这些雕刻作品描绘了一幅狩猎的场面。
The book purported to represent the lives of ordinary people. 这本书声称旨在展现普通人的生活。
The results are represented in fig.3 below. 结果如下面的图3所示。
to represent an image accurately 精确显示图像 
It is not clear what these symbols were intended to represent. 这些符号代表什么还不清楚。
The risks were represented as negligible. 他们把风险说得微不足道。
The movie represents women as victims. 该影片把妇女表现为受害者。
This contract represents 20% of the company’s annual revenue. 这份合约相当于公司20%的年收入。
This decision represents a significant departure from previous policy. 这个决定意味着在很大程度上背离原先的政策。
They represented their concerns to the authorities. 他们向当局陈述了他们关心的问题。
20 contestants representing 8 different countries 代表8个国家的20名参赛者 
Local businesses are well represented on the committee. 委员会中有许多地方企业的代表。
The President was represented at the ceremony by the Vice-President. 副总统代表总统出席了这次庆典。
leaders who truly represent the interests of working families 真正代表工薪家庭利益的领导人 
organizations claiming to represent farmers 声称代表农民的组织 
Ms Dale is representing the defendant in the case. 在这个案件当中，戴尔女士为被告作辩护。
Women are disproportionately represented among welfare recipients. 接受福利救济的人中女性人数过少。
a project representing all that is good in the community 体现着社区中一切美好形象的工程 
Those comments do not represent the views of us all. 这些言论并不是我们所有人的看法。

adj. ~ (to do sth) 有足够的技能或知识能把某事做好的，或能达到必要的标准的，如足以胜任的、称职的:
adj. 有决定权的:
adj. 合格的、不错的（但不是非常好的）:
competent |[ˈkɒmpɪtənt;美ˈkɑ:m-]
Make sure the firm is competent to carry out the work. 要确保这家公司有能力完成这项工作。
He's very competent in his work. 他非常胜任自己的工作。
He was a loyal, distinguished and very competent civil servant. 他是一位敬业、优秀而且非常称职的公务员。
a competent performance 令人满意的表现 
Most adults do not feel competent to deal with a medical emergency involving a child. 大部分成年人不懂得如何对儿童实施急救。
She is competent in five languages. 她掌握五门外语。
A year of college had made her more socially competent. 一年的大学生活提升了她的社交能力。
He was not considered competent to teach seven-year-olds.他被认为没有能力教七岁的孩子。
a small number of highly competent officials 少数非常称职的官员! 
She was mentally competent and she had the capacity to decide for herself. 她当时心智健全，有能力自己作出决定。
mentally competent to stand trial（美，法律）心智健全具备受审能力
The case was referred to a competent authority. 事情已交给有关当局处理。

vt.&vi. 用真空吸尘器清扫:
n. [usually sing.]（用真空吸尘器所做的）清洁，清扫:
n. 1 [C] 真空:
2 [usually sing.] 某人或某事物不在…中的一种状态，算是一种比喻意义上的“真空”，可称为“空白”:
3 [sing.] in a ~ 封闭状态；与世隔绝:
vacuum |[ˈvækjuəm]
Have you vacuumed the stairs? 你用吸尘器清扫楼梯了吗？
I vacuumed the carpets today. 今天我用吸尘器清洁了地毯。
It's important to vacuum regularly. 定期用吸尘器吸尘很重要。
to give a room a quick vacuum 用吸尘器把房间迅速清扫一下
a vacuum pump 真空泵 
vacuum-packed foods 真空包装的食品 
Wind is a current of air caused by a vacuum caused by hot air rising. 风是由于热空气上升产生真空导致的一种气流运动。
The spinning turbine creates a vacuum. 旋转的涡轮形成了一块真空区域。
vacuum cleaner 真空吸尘器 
cultural, political, spiritual vacuum 文化真空；政治真空；精神空虚 
The writer criticized the moral vacuum in society. 这位作家批评了社会上的道德缺失。
His resignation left a power vacuum in the government. 他的辞职造成政府出现了权力真空。
to fill the leadership vacuum 填补领导层真空 
to create a security vacuum 制造一个安全真空 
The collapse of the army left a vacuum in the area. 这支军队的溃败使这个地区出现了军事真空。
Moral values cannot be taught in a vacuum. 道德价值观的教育不能脱离实际。
We lived in a vacuum — no life, no news, no books. 我们生活在与世隔绝的环境里——没有其他生物，收不到外界消息，也没有书看。

~ (in sth) [正式] 容易看到或理解的，即明显的，显而易见的:
vt. [正式] ~ itself (in sth) 显现，变得明显:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (in sth) 清楚地显示（尤指一种感情、态度或品质）:
vt. [正式] ~ itself (in sth) 显现，使人注意到:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (in sth) 清楚地表明或显示，尤指表明感情、态度或品质:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (in sth) 清楚地显示一种感情:
n. [C] [术语]（船或飞机的）货单或乘客名单:
manifest |[ˈmænɪfest]
His nervousness was manifest to all those present. 所有在场的人都看出了他很紧张。
The anger he felt is manifest in his paintings. 他的愤怒明显地表现在他的绘画之中。
the manifest failure of the policies 政策明显的失败之处 
manifest injustice 明显的不公正          
The symptoms of the disease manifested themselves ten days later. 十天后，这种病的症状显现出来。
The virus needs two weeks to manifest itself. 这种病毒潜伏两周时间才会发作。       
Social tensions were manifested in the recent political crisis. 最近的政治危机显示了社会关系的紧张。
He manifested a pleasing personality on stage. 在台上他表现出惹人喜爱的个性。
The symptoms of the disease manifested themselves ten days later. 十天后，这种病的症状显现出来。
The virus needs two weeks to manifest itself. 这种病毒潜伏两周时间才会发作。
He manifested a pleasing personality on stage. 在台上他表现出惹人喜爱的个性。
Social tensions were manifested in the recent political crisis. 最近的政治危机显示了社会关系的紧张。
He manifested a pleasing personality on stage. 在台上他表现出惹人喜爱的个性。

vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (from sth) (into sth)（使）逐渐形成，逐步发展，逐渐演变，尤指从简单形式逐渐演变到复杂形式:
vt.&vi. ~ (from sth) [生物学]（动植物等）进化:
evolve |[iˈvɒlv;美iˈvɑ:lv]
a tiny airline which eventually evolved into Pakistan International Airlines 最终发展成巴基斯坦国际航空公司的一家小型航空公司 
The company has evolved into a major chemical manufacturer. 这家公司已逐步发展成一个主要的化工厂。
The market has evolved considerably in recent years. 近年来市场发生了巨大的变化。
Our products have been evolving according to the requirements of the times. 我们的产品一直在随时代需求而发展变化。
Online games tend to evolve over time. 网络游戏往往会随时间发生变化。
The idea evolved from a drawing I discovered in the attic. 这种想法是从我在阁楼里发现的一幅画得到启发的。
the idea that society evolves towards/toward greater complexity 社会朝着更加复杂的方向演变的思想 
the theory which eventually evolved from this study 由这项研究最终形成的理论 
A lot of Michael's work has evolved out of his experience with travel. 迈克尔的很多作品是根据他的旅行经历发展形成的。
Veterinary medicine is steadily evolving to meet the demands of pet owners. 动物医学在稳步发展以满足宠物主人的需要。
The protest movement has evolved into a well organized political party. 抗议活动演变成了一个很有组织的政党。
Each school must evolve its own way of working. 每个学校必须形成自己的办学方式。
Popular music evolved from folk songs. 流行音乐从民歌演变而来。
The three species evolved from a single ancestor. 这三种生物从同一祖先进化而来。
More complex animals gradually evolved from these very simple creatures. 复杂的动物是由这些非常简单的动物逐步进化而成的。
These are very highly evolved animals. 这些是高度进化的动物。
Monkeys in the New World evolved quite separately from those in the Old World. 新大陆的猴子的进化独立于旧大陆的猴子的进化。
Africa and its wildlife evolved together. 非洲大陆和生活在那里的野生动物们一起进化。
The dolphin has evolved a highly developed jaw. 海豚已经进化形成高度发达的下颌。
The bright plumage of many male birds has evolved to attract females. 很多雄鸟进化出鲜艳的羽毛是为了吸引雌鸟。
Maize evolved from a wild grass in Mexico. 玉米是从墨西哥的一种野生禾本植物进化而来的。

n. [U]（住宅或办公室内可移动的）家具（如桌、椅、床等）:
furniture |['fə:nɪtʃə]
fine furniture 高档家具 
bedroom, office furniture 卧室家具；办公室家具 
garden, outdoor furniture 花园家具；室外家具 
leather furniture 皮革家具 
a piece of furniture 一件家具

n. [U] 成分；构成方式:
n. [U] 美术（如绘画或摄影）中可指对人或物体的安排布置（美术中可称作构图）:
n. [C]（画家的）作品:
n. [U] 作曲艺术:
n. [U]（艺术家的）创作。常指作曲和文学创作，偶尔指美术创作:
n. [C]（作曲家、画家、作家等艺术家的）作品（如音乐、画作、诗歌等）:
n. [U] 美术（如绘画或摄影）中可指对人或物体的安排布置（美术中可称作构图）:
n. [C]（学生写的）作文（如作为作业或考试的一种题目）:
composition |[͵kɒmpə'zɪʃn]
the chemical composition of the mixture 该混合物的化学成分 
mineralogical composition 矿物成分 
the composition of the committee 委员会的组成 
the changing composition of the workforce 劳动力不断变化的构成 
age, class, family, species composition 年龄构成；阶层构成；家庭构成；物种构成
pictorial composition 绘画作品
to study composition 学习作曲艺术
a method of composition 作曲方法
Mozart’s compositions 莫扎特的作品 
musical composition 音乐作品 
pictorial composition 绘画作品 
original composition 原创作品 
literary, poetic composition 文学作品；诗歌作品
to write a composition on the subject “...” 就“…”这个主题写一篇作文 
In the exam you will have to do a composition. 考试中得写一篇作文。

n. [C] 一家公司中（或其它类型机构中）的若干名高级管理人员中的一名，或某一活动（或公司的某一部门、某个学院）的负责人:
n. [C] 电影或戏剧等的导演:
director |[dɪ'rektə,daɪ-]
company, managing director 公司董事；总经理 
executive director 执行董事 
assistant, associate, deputy director 副主任 
senior director 高级主管 
founding director 创始董事 
art, finance, medical, sales, technical director 艺术总监；财务主管；医学总监；销售主管；技术总监 
athletic director 体育指导 
personnel director 人事主管 
museum director 博物馆馆长 
programme director 项目总监 
the board of directors 董事会 
a regional director 地区主管 
the director of education 教育局长
theatre/theater director 电影导演；戏剧导演 
Hollywood director 好莱坞的导演 
artistic, musical director 艺术指导；音乐指导 
associate director 副导演 
programme director 节目总监

n. [C] 负责运营一家公司（或一家商店等类似组织机构，或机构下属的一个部门）的一个人，即经理等:
n. [C] 为演员、音乐人等处理商业事务的一个人，即（演员、音乐人等的）经纪人，其含义已为agent所包括:
n. [C] 运动队的主教练:
manager |['mænɪdӡə]
assistant manager 经理助理 
senior manager 高级经理 
professional manager 职业经理人 
general manager 总经理 
hotel manager 酒店经理 
business manager 业务经理 
department, district, office manager 部门经理；地区经理；办公室主任 
product manager 产品经理 
campaign, project manager 竞选活动负责人；项目经理 
advertising, sales manager 广告经理；销售经理 
nurse manager 护士长
the new manager of Italy 意大利队的新任主教练

The synthesis of a substance is the production of it by means of chemical or biological reactions. 合成
A synthesis of different ideas or styles is a mixture or combination of these ideas or styles. 结合体
synthesis |英 ['sɪnθɪsɪs]  美 ['sɪnθəsɪs]| n. 综合，[化学] 合成；综合体/
...the genes that regulate the synthesis of these compounds.…控制这些化合物合成的基因。
His novels are a rich synthesis of Balkan history and mythology.他的小说是一个巴尔干半岛的历史和神话的丰富结合。


adj. 容易看到或注意到的；惹人注意的:
conspicuous |[kənˈspɪkjuəs]
Mary's red hair always made her conspicuous at school. 玛丽的红头发在学校里总是很惹眼。
I felt very conspicuous in my new car. 坐在我的新车里，我感到十分惹人注目。
You may feel tearful in situations where you feel conspicuous. 觉得自己身处众目睽睽之下时，你可能会有想哭的感觉。
The new building was rather conspicuous. 这座新楼相当显眼。
The advertisements were all posted in a conspicuous place. 广告都贴在了显眼的地方。
The stain on her dress was horribly conspicuous. 她裙子上的污渍太显眼了。
He played no part in the game and was conspicuous by his absence in the post-match celebrations. 比赛时他没有上场，并且由于没有参加赛后的庆祝活动而引起了大家的关注。
The most conspicuous way in which the old politics is changing is in the growing use of referendums. 旧式政治最明显的变化在于其越来越多地进行全民公决。
The event was a conspicuous success (= a very great one). 这项活动相当成功。

n. [C, U]（事件或活动发展的）节奏、速度:
n. [C, U]（乐曲的）速度，节奏，拍子:
tempo |[ˈtempəʊ;美-poʊ]
the increasing tempo of life in Western society 西方社会日益加速的生活节奏 
owing to the slow tempo of change in an overwhelmingly rural country 由于以农业占绝对主导地位的国家变革速度缓慢 
Both teams played with a lot of quality, pace and tempo. 两支球队的水平都很高，节奏和速度都很快。
We need to step up the tempo of our information campaigns. 我们需要加快我们信息宣传活动的节奏。
The home side upped the tempo in the second half.（up尤为英式用法）主队在下半场加快了比赛节奏。
The Kenyan runner set the tempo from the start. 肯尼亚运动员从一开始就定好了节奏。
the tempo of the game 比赛节奏
brisk, fast, quick, upbeat tempo 活泼的节拍；快节拍；欢快的节拍 
moderate tempo 适中的节拍 
waltz tempo 华尔兹节拍 
tempo indication, tempo markings 节拍标识；节拍记号 
tempo change, tempo shift节拍变化；节拍转变 
They took the last movement at an unusually slow tempo. 他们以异常缓慢的节拍演奏了最后一个乐章。
It's a difficult piece, with numerous changes of tempo. 这支曲子节奏变化多，难度很大。
In a new recording, the Boston Philharmonic tried the original tempo. 在新唱片中，波士顿爱乐乐团尝试了全新的节奏。
Elgar supplied his works with precise indications of tempo. 埃尔加给自己的作品标上了精确的节奏标记。

n. [C] 温度计、体温计:
n. [C] 体温计:
thermometer |[θəˈmɒmɪtə(r);美θərˈmɑ:m-]
clinical thermometer 体温计 
digital, mercury thermometer 数字温度计；水银温度计 
ear, oral, rectal thermometer 耳式体温计；口腔体温计；直肠体温计 
meat thermometer 烤肉温度计 
oven thermometer 烤箱温度计 
a thermometer reading 温度计读数 
the reading on the thermometer 温度计上的读数 
If the thermometer reads 98.6°F, then you don't have a fever. 如果体温计读数是98.6华氏度，那么你就没有发烧。
clinical thermometer 体温计 
digital, mercury thermometer 数字温度计；水银温度计 
ear, oral, rectal thermometer 耳式体温计；口腔体温计；直肠体温计 
If the thermometer reads 98.6°F, then you don't have a fever. 如果体温计读数是98.6华氏度，那么你就没有发烧。

n. [U]（尤指关于敌对方的）情报，常用于政治、军事或商业等领域，还可指情报人员:
n. [U] 智力，智能；聪明，才智。是一种思考、推理等的能力，与自动或直觉相对，并与愚钝相对:
intelligence |[ɪn'telɪdӡəns]
military, business intelligence 军事情报；商业情报 
the US Central Intelligence Agency 美国中央情报局 
reliable intelligence 可靠的情报 
faulty intelligence 错误的情报 
intelligence service 情报部门 
intelligence officer, intelligence official 情报官员 
intelligence collection（尤美）, intelligence gathering 情报收集；情报搜集 
intelligence information 情报资料 
intelligence operation 情报搜集行动 
intelligence source 情报来源
human intelligence 人的智力 
artificial intelligence 人工智能 
intelligence test 智力测验 
a person of high intelligence 智力高的人 
to insult my intelligence 侮辱我的智力 
At least he had the intelligence to turn off the gas. 至少他还知道关掉煤气。

n. [U] 生态学:
n. [C, U] 生态:
ecology |[ɪ'kɒlədӡɪ]
a professor in ecology 一位生态学教授 
animal, human, plant ecology 动物生态学；人类生态学；植物生态学 
forest, marine ecology 森林生态学；海洋生态学 
ecology research 生态学研究 
fragile ecology 脆弱的生态系统 
natural ecology 自然生态系统 
ecology movement 生态保护运动

n. [U]（对趋势的）悲观、沮丧:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb/sth (to sth) 使…注定失败（或遭殃、死亡等）:
n. [U] 死亡或毁灭；无法避免的坏事，如厄运、劫数:
doom |[du:m]
Why are people so full of gloom and doom? 为什么人们如此沮丧悲观？
Attendance figures had been steadily dropping, creating a mood of doom and discouragement among theatre directors. 上座人数一直持续下降，使得戏剧导演产生悲观泄气的情绪。           
The plan was doomed to failure. 这个计划注定要失败。
The marriage was doomed from the start. 这桩婚姻从一开始就注定要破裂。
That argument doomed their marriage to failure. 那次争吵使他们的婚姻注定要失败。          
Prepare to meet your doom (= die). 准备迎接你们的末日吧。
his warnings of impending doom 他关于大难临头的警告 
a wicked mermaid who lured sailors to their doom 引诱水手走向灭亡的邪恶的美人鱼 
Fuel shortages spelled the doom of such huge gas-guzzling cars. 燃油短缺宣告了这类耗油量大的大型轿车的末日。
It's not all doom and gloom and there is lots to look forward to. 前景并非一片惨淡，仍然还有很多期待。
As I approached the exam room, I had a feeling of impending doom. 我走近考场时，觉得末日就要来临。
She had a sense of impending doom (= felt that sth very bad was going to happen). 她预感到厄运已经逼近。
He sealed his own doom by having an affair with another woman. 他与另一个女人有染，毁了自己。

vt. ~ sth (from/against sth) 用某种材料来隔热、隔音等:
vt. ~ sb/sth from/against sth 使…免除不愉快的经历或免受不良影响:
vt. ~ sth (from/against sth) 用某种材料来隔绝电流，即绝缘:
insulate |[ˈɪnsjuleɪt;美-səl-]
Home owners are being encouraged to insulate their homes to save energy. 当局鼓励房主给住房加隔热装置以节约能源。
Is there any way we can insulate our home from the noise? 有什么办法可以使我们的住宅隔音吗？
to insulate the homes 对住宅进行隔热隔音处理 
Their wealth had insulated them from reality. 财富将他们与现实隔离。
They wonder if their community is no longer insulated from big city problems. 他们在想是否大城市的问题离自己的社区也已经不再遥远了。             
electrical insulating tape 绝缘胶带 
In order to make it safe, the element is electrically insulated. 为安全起见，该元件作了电绝缘处理。

A march is a piece of music with a regular rhythm that you can march to. 进行曲
Themarchof something is its steady development or progress. 进展
If you march someone somewhere, you force them to walk there with you, for example by holding their arm tightly. 迫使…同行
If you say that someone marches somewhere, you mean that they walk there quickly and in a determined way, for example because they are angry. (坚定地) 快步走
marcher 游行者
March is also a noun. 游行
When a large group of people march for a cause, they walk somewhere together in order to express their ideas or to protest about something. 游行
March is also a noun. 行军
When soldiers march somewhere, or when a commanding officer marches them somewhere, they walk there with very regular steps, as a group. 使齐步走; 行军
March |英 [mɑːtʃ]  美 [mɑrtʃ]| vi. （坚定地向某地）前进；行军，进军；游行示威；进展，进行/vt. 使前进；使行军/n. 行进，前进；行军；游行示威；进行曲/
A military band played Russian marches and folk tunes at the parade last Sunday.一个军乐团在上周日的游行中演奏了俄罗斯的进行曲和民乐。
It is easy to feel trampled by the relentless march of technology.技术日新月异的发展容易让人感到压抑。
They were marched through a crocodile-infested area and, if they slowed down, were beaten with sticks.他们被迫一同穿过一个鳄鱼出没的地区，如果走得慢了，就会遭到棍棒责打。
He marched into the kitchen without knocking.他没敲门就快步走进了厨房。
Fights between police and marchers lasted for three hours.警察和游行者之间的战斗持续了3个小时。
Organizers expect up to 300,000 protesters to join the march.组织者预计多达30万的抗议者参加这次游行。
The demonstrators then marched through the capital chanting slogans and demanding free elections.示威者然后穿越首都游行，反复喊着口号，要求进行自由选举。
After a short march, the column entered the village.短途行军之后，队伍进入了村子。
Captain Ramirez called them to attention and marched them off to the main camp.拉米雷斯上校命令他们立正，然后让他们向主营地行进。
A U.S. infantry battalion was marching down the street.一个美军步兵营沿着街道行进。

