                              Elan山谷,威尔士
  这座铜圆顶的阀门塔坐落在peny Garreg大坝的顶部，这是位于威尔士中部风景如画的Elan山谷中的六个大坝之一。在塔的另一边，水从37米高的地方倾泻而下，这是由水坝、水库和117公里长的引水渠组成的复杂系统的一部分，该引水渠建于19世纪末，用来将饮用水输送到英国第二大城市伯明翰。这项土木工程的伟大壮举始于1883年，最早的四座大坝，包括peny Garreg大坝，于1904年完工。Elan谷位于寒武纪山脉，所以水从高山谷向下流动到伯明翰，不需要泵。
                  A jewel glittering in the city. Penn Station
  If this image of New York City's Pennsylvania Station seems straight out of a classic film noir, it's for good reason. The photo was taken in the 1950s, just a few years before the city's beloved Beaux-Arts style masterpiece was dismantled and then demolished so that Madison Square Garden could be built atop its warren of walkways and train lines.
  This original Pennsylvania Station opened to the public on November 27, 1910. It was built by its namesake, the Pennsylvania Railroad Company, to compete with Grand Central Station. For 50-plus years, commuters and visitors streamed in and out of the grand and imposing Penn Station to take trains to and from New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and beyond. When the building was decapitated in 1963 with only its underground network of tunnels and walkways left in place, the demolition sparked city-wide and even international outrage. 'One entered the city like a god; one scuttles in now like a rat,' wrote architectural historian Vincent Scully. There was a silver lining to the cloud of demolition dust: A collective sense of loss galvanized the movement to preserve historically significant buildings in the US.
  Today, we celebrate the anniversary of Penn Station with more good news. On January 1, 2021, the first train left Penn Station from the new Daniel Patrick Moynihan Train Hall. It's a $1.6 billion architectural masterpiece of its own, built from the adjacent US post office building and taking design cues from the original Penn Station building, pictured here. We'll toast to that!
                      城市中的一颗璀璨明珠。宾夕法尼亚车站
如果这张纽约市宾夕法尼亚车站的图片看起来直接来自经典黑色电影，那是有充分理由的。这张照片拍摄于 1950 年代，就在几年前，这座城市深受喜爱的 Beaux-Arts 风格杰作被拆除，然后又被拆除，以便麦迪逊广场花园可以建在其人行道和火车线路上。
  最初的宾夕法尼亚车站于 1910 年 11 月 27 日向公众开放。它由同名的宾夕法尼亚铁路公司建造，以与中央车站竞争。 50 多年来，通勤者和游客进出宏伟壮观的宾夕法尼亚车站，乘坐火车往返新泽西、宾夕法尼亚等地。当这座建筑于 1963 年被斩首，只剩下地下隧道和人行道网络时，拆迁引发了全市乃至国际的愤怒。 '一个人像神一样进入城市；一个现在像老鼠一样溜进来，”建筑历史学家文森特·斯卡利写道。拆除灰尘的云层中有一线希望：集体失落感激发了保护美国具有历史意义的建筑物的运动。
  今天，我们带着更多的好消息来庆祝 Penn Station 的周年纪念。 2021 年 1 月 1 日，第一列火车从新的 Daniel Patrick Moynihan 火车大厅离开宾夕法尼亚车站。这是一座价值 16 亿美元的建筑杰作，由毗邻的美国邮局大楼建造，并借鉴了原宾夕法尼亚车站大楼的设计灵感，如图所示。我们会为此干杯！
