                     三趾鹬
  在法国西北角的布列塔尼海滩上，一群鹬正在寻找下一顿美餐。这些小水鸟成群结队地在潮边觅食，在海滩上来回奔跑，在海浪留下的湿沙中寻找微小的猎物。它们吃昆虫、甲壳类动物、蠕虫、鱼，甚至水母。三趾鹬是分布最广的一种滨鸟，也是一种长途候鸟。它们在北极高纬度地区筑巢，在秋天向南迁徙，你可以在世界各地的海岸沙滩上找到它们。
Celebrating Native American Heritage Month. Native American Heritage Month
  Today, on the first day of Native American Heritage Month, we're visiting Bailick Park in County Cork, Ireland. Why come to the Emerald Isle on a day meant to honor the contributions of Native Americans? The answer lies in a tale of shared humanity that begins in the 19th century.
  Back in 1847, Ireland was enduring a horrific famine. Humanitarian aid poured in from all over the world, but one contribution stood out among the others—the $170 raised by the Choctaw Nation to supply food to the starving Irish. It doesn't seem like a lot, but it was equivalent to thousands in today's money. Most remarkably, the aid came from a nation of people who, just 16 years before, had been forced by the administration of US President Andrew Jackson to leave their ancestral homeland in Mississippi and march 500 miles to areas west of the Mississippi River that had been designated 'Indian Territory.' They and other forcibly relocated Native Americans endured brutal winter conditions, disease, and starvation, as well as extortion and violence by local frontiersmen, ultimately losing about a fourth of their people on the 'Trail of Tears.'
  The Choctaw contribution to the Irish in 1847 began a long history of friendship between the two nations, and in June 2017, with a 20-strong delegation from the Choctaw Nation in attendance, this monument in County Cork, Ireland, was dedicated. Named 'Kindred Spirits,' it features nine giant stainless-steel feathers, shaped to represent a bowl of food for the hungry. The sculpture was created by Alex Pentek at the Sculpture Factory in Cork, Ireland, with assistance from students of the Crawford College of Art and Design. It's meant as a tribute—or 'Yakoke' ('Thank you' in the Choctaw language)—to the Choctaw tribe's contribution to alleviating the 'Great Hunger.' The demonstration of empathy between the two peoples continues to inspire efforts to provide assistance for people suffering from famine worldwide.
     庆祝美洲原住民传统月。美国原住民传统月
今天，在美洲原住民传统月的第一天，我们将参观爱尔兰科克郡的 Bailick 公园。为什么要在纪念美洲原住民贡献的日子来到翡翠岛？答案在于一个始于 19 世纪的共同人性故事。
  早在 1847 年，爱尔兰正在忍受可怕的饥荒。人道主义援助从世界各地涌入，但其中一项捐款脱颖而出——乔克托民族筹集了 170 美元，为饥饿的爱尔兰人提供食物。看起来并不多，但相当于今天的几千块钱。最引人注目的是，援助来自一个民族国家，就在 16 年前，美国总统安德鲁·杰克逊 (Andrew Jackson) 政府强迫他们离开他们在密西西比州的祖先家园，向 500 英里的密西西比河以西地区行军。被指定为“印度领土”。他们和其他被强行搬迁的美洲原住民忍受着严酷的冬季条件、疾病和饥饿，以及当地边民的勒索和暴力，最终在“眼泪之路”上失去了大约四分之一的人。
  1847 年乔克托对爱尔兰人的贡献开始了两国之间悠久的友谊历史，2017 年 6 月，在乔克托民族的 20 人代表团出席的情况下，这座位于爱尔兰科克郡的纪念碑落成。它被命名为“Kindred Spirits”，它有九根巨大的不锈钢羽毛，形状代表饥饿者的一碗食物。该雕塑由亚历克斯·彭特克 (Alex Pentek) 在爱尔兰科克 (Cork) 的雕塑工厂创作，并得到了克劳福德艺术与设计学院 (Crawford College of Art and Design) 学生的协助。它的意思是向乔克托部落为缓解“大饥荒”所做的贡献致敬——或“Yakoke”（乔克托语中的“谢谢”）。两国人民表现出的同情心继续激励着为世界范围内遭受饥荒的人们提供援助的努力。
