hike					远足，大幅度上升，拉起
corkscrew				开塞钻，螺旋形的
sanctuary				庇护，保护区
after all				毕竟
crisp					松脆的，清新的，炸
lace					花边，鞋带，系上，掺
lace up				系上
boot					靴子，解雇，猛踢，启动
happen to				发生于
of course				当然
ranger				护林员
employee				雇员
forge					伪造，锻造，建立，稳步前进
boardwalk				木板人行道
gulf					海湾，鸿沟
the Gulf				波斯湾
terrain				地带
poke					戳，拳打，捅出，插入，伸出
through				穿过，遍及，通过，因为，结束的
bespeak				证明，预定
hole					洞，漏洞，短缺
path					小路，路线，路径
trek					长途旅行
traverse				穿过，横穿，穿越
trample				踩，侵犯
flora					植物群
fauna					动物群
damp					潮湿的
\\\\\\\\

vt. ~ sth (up) 把（价格、花费、比率、税率、数量等）大幅提高:
n. [C] [非正式，尤美] ~ (in sth)（价格、花费、比率、税率、数量等的）大幅度提高，猛增:
n. [C] 在野外进行的（尤指为愉悦身心之目的的）徒步远行，如远足:
vt.&vi.（尤指为愉悦身心而）徒步远行:
vi. go hiking 徒步远行、远足:
hike |[haɪk]
The government hiked up the price of milk by over 40%. 政府把牛奶的价格提高了四成多。
It has now been forced to hike its rates by 5.25 per cent. 它目前已经被迫将利率提高了5.25%。
TSB's monthly credit card rate is now hiked from 1.95% to 2.05%. TSB银行的信用卡月利率现在从1.95%提高到了2.05%。
tax hike, price hike 税额的大幅度增长；价格的大幅度增长 
the latest hike in interest rates 新近利率的大幅上扬 
a sudden 1.75 per cent hike in Italian interest rates 意大利利率1.75%的突然上浮 
His economic plan, with its tax hikes and spending cuts, will slow the economy. 他通过采取上调税率和削减支出等经济计划,将会使经济发展放慢速度。
They went on a ten-mile hike through the forest. 他们做了一次穿越森林的十英里徒步旅行。
We could go into town but it's a real hike (= a long way) from here. 我们本可以进城去，但走到那儿实在太远。
strenuous hike 艰苦的远足 
two-day hike 两天的徒步旅行 
The boys have gone on a hike with the Scouts. 男孩们随童子军徒步旅行去了。
They met on a hike. 他们在一次远足中相遇。
It's a long hike from my house to campus. 从我家到学校要走很长一段路。
strong boots for hiking over rough country 适合在崎岖不平的山路徒步旅行用的结实靴子 
to hike the Rockies（美）去落基山脉徒步旅行 
You could hike through the Fish River Canyon. 你可以徒步穿越鱼河峡谷。
We plan to hike the Samaria Gorge. 我们计划去撒马利亚峡谷远足。
If the weather's fine, we'll go hiking this weekend. 如果天气好，我们这个周末就去远足。

a device for pulling corks from bottles, consisting of a spiral metal rod that is inserted into the cork, and a handle that extracts it.:一种用于从瓶子中拉出软木塞的装置，由插入软木塞的螺旋金属棒和提取软木塞的手柄组成。
a thing with a spiral shape or movement:具有螺旋形状或运动的东西
move or twist in a spiral motion:以螺旋运动方式移动或扭转
corkscrew |ˈkɔːkskruː| Noun/Verb/:开瓶器,螺丝钉
a girl with corkscrew curls:一个开瓶器卷发的女孩
the plane was corkscrewing towards the earth:飞机正在向地球开瓶器

n. 1 [U]（尤指对被追捕或被攻击之人的）庇护、保护:
2 [C, usually sing.]（尤指对对被追捕或被攻击之人来说的）避难所、庇护所:
n. [C] 最神圣的一座建筑物（或建筑物的一部分），即圣所；圣殿:
n. [C] 野生鸟兽的保护区、禁猎区。相当于reserve:
sanctuary |[ˈsæŋktʃuəri;美-ueri]
to take sanctuary in a place 在一地避难 
In former times, criminals could take sanctuary inside a church. 在过去，罪犯可以躲进教堂避难。
The government offered sanctuary to 4 000 refugees. 政府为4 000名难民提供了保护。
Some of them have sought sanctuary in the church. 他们中的一些人在教堂避难。
Thousands of refugees have sought sanctuary over the border. 数千名难民越境寻求庇护。
She longed for the sanctuary of her own home. 她渴望回到自己家中，不再担惊受怕。
She retreated swiftly to the sanctuary of her room. 她迅速躲进了房间。
He was reluctant to leave the sanctuary of his bedroom. 他不愿离开带给他安全感的卧室。
The church became a sanctuary for the refugees. 教堂成为这些难民的庇护所。
It had been built as a sanctuary from World War II bombs. 这是二战时为躲避轰炸而建的。
animal, bird, marine, wildlife sanctuary 动物保护区；鸟类保护区；海洋生物保护区；野生动物保护区

adj.（图像等）清晰分明的:
adj.（雪、树叶等）压碎时发出脆响的:
adj.（声音）清脆悦耳的:
adj. 1（也可用crispy）（食物）脆的、酥脆可口的:
2（也可用crispy）（水果、蔬菜）鲜脆的、脆嫩的:
vt.&vi.（用加热等方法）（使）变脆:
adj.（空气或天气）凉爽的、清新的、干燥清爽的:
adj.（纸张或布料）洁净如新的、崭新且挺括（且没有任何折痕）的:
n. [C] [也可用potato crisp，均英] [美用chip或potato chip] 油炸土豆片、炸薯片（有多种风味，袋装）:
adj. [有时贬]（某人的说话方式）快速而自信的（表明此人繁忙或不友好），即干脆的、利落的:
crisp |[krɪsp]
deep, crisp snow 踩上去咯吱作响的积雪 
He crunched through the crisp snow. 他咯吱咯吱地踏雪行进着。
crisp autumn leaves 踩上去发出脆响的秋叶
The recording sounds very crisp, considering its age. 考虑到这录音已年代久远，听起来声音还是挺清楚的。
Bake until the pastry is golden and crisp. 把油酥糕点烤至金黄酥脆。
Bake the potatoes for 15 minutes, till they're nice and crisp. 将土豆片烤15分钟，直至酥脆。
crisp bacon 脆熏肉 
crisp apple, crisp lettuce, crisp salad 新鲜脆爽的苹果；新鲜脆爽的生菜；脆爽的沙拉 
a salad of crisp, raw vegetables 用生蔬菜做成的脆爽沙拉
Cook the bacon until it begins to crisp. 把熏肉烹至酥脆。
Spread breadcrumbs on a dry baking sheet and crisp them in the oven. 把面包屑撒在干燥的烤盘上，然后放在烤箱里烤脆。
a crisp autumn day 秋高气爽的一天 
a crisp winter morning 冬天一个寒冷的早晨 
The air was crisp and clear and the sky was blue. 空气清新，天空碧蓝。
a crisp new $5 bill 一张崭新挺括的5元钞票 
a crisp white shirt 洁净挺括的白衬衫 
He wore a panama hat and a crisp white suit. 他戴着一顶巴拿马草帽，穿着一身挺括的白西装。
I slipped between the crisp clean sheets. 我钻到崭新洁净的被单底下。
crisp bag 挺括的包           
a packet of crisps 一袋炸薯片 
cheese and onion potato crisps 奶酪和洋葱味炸薯片
Her answer was crisp, and she gave no details. 她的回答简短而干脆，没有提供细节。
'Very well,' I said, adopting a crisp authoritative tone. “很好，”我用干脆的命令性的语气说道。

vt. ~ sth (with sth) 给（饮料或食物等）掺入（少量的酒、药、毒药等）:
vt. ~ sth (with sth) 在（言谈或文章）里夹杂（某种话语）:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (up) 由带子系紧；把…用带子系牢:
n. [U] 网眼织物；蕾丝:
n. [C] 某些衣服上穿过眼的系带，尤指鞋带，相当于shoelace:
vt. 给（鞋、靴等）穿鞋带:
vt. 使编织（或交织、缠绕）在一起，尤指交叉（手指）:
vt. ~ sth (with sth) 给（饮料或食物等）掺入（少量的毒药）:
lace |[leɪs]
He had laced her milk with rum. 他在她的牛奶里加了少量朗姆酒。
She laced his food with sleeping pills. 她在他的食物里掺了安眠药。
Fred liked to lace his conversation with military terms. 弗雷德喜欢在谈话中时不时蹦几个军事术语。
a speech laced with humour 充满幽默的讲话 
Her conversation was laced with witty asides. 她的谈话里夹杂着有趣的题外话。
She was wearing a dress that laced up at the side. 她穿着一件在侧面系带子的连衣裙。
He was sitting on the bed lacing up his shoes. 他正坐在床边系鞋带。
I have a good pair of skates, but no matter how tightly I lace them, my ankles wobble. 我有一双不错的溜冰鞋，可是不管我把鞋带系得多紧，脚脖子那里还是空落落的。
a lace handkerchief 蕾丝手帕 
a tablecloth edged with lace 镶有花边的桌布 
lace curtains 蕾丝窗帘 
She finally found the perfect gown, a beautiful creation trimmed with lace. 她终于找到了理想的礼服——一袭饰有蕾丝的美丽长裙。
a plain white lace bedspread 朴素的白色蕾丝床罩 
delicate, fine lace 精致的花边；精美的花边 
a machine for making lace 花边机 
a silk dress trimmed with lace 镶着花边的真丝连衣裙
Barry was sitting on the bed, tying the laces of an old pair of running shoes. 巴里正坐在床上系他那双旧跑鞋的鞋带。
They sat with their fingers laced. 他们手指交叉着坐在那里。
He took to lacing his fingers together in an attempt to keep his hands still. 为了不让双手发颤，他十指紧扣。

n. [usually sing.] [非正式] 一记快速的猛踢:
vt. 用脚猛踢（某人或某事物）:
n. [C] 靴子（一种长及脚踝上部的结实的鞋）:
vt.＆vi. boot (sth) (up) 计算机技术中可指装载操作系统（以准备使用计算机）；计算机以此种方式而被装入操作系统（以做好使用前的准备）:
n. [C] [美] 相当于clamp:
用于锁住非法停放之车辆的轮子的一种装备（使其开不走），即车轮夹锁:
n. [C] [英] [美用trunk] 汽车后部的行李箱:
boot |[bu:t]
He gave the ball a tremendous boot. 他抽起脚猛踢了一下球。
He booted the ball clear of the goal. 他一个大脚把球踢离了球门。
a pair of black leather boots 一双黑皮靴 
high boot 长筒靴 
desert boot 沙漠靴 
combat boot 作战靴 
cowboy boot 牛仔靴 
muddy boot 沾满泥的靴子 
I’ll put the luggage in the boot. 我去把行李放到行李箱里。
car boot 汽车行李箱

a keeper of a park, forest, or area of countryside:公园、森林或乡村地区的管理员
a member of a body of armed men.:一个武装人员团体的成员。
a mounted soldier.:一名骑兵。
a commando.:突击队。
a member of the senior branch of the Guides.:
a person or thing that wanders over a particular area:在特定区域徘徊的人或事物
a series of nine American moon probes launched between 1961 and 1965, the last three of which took many photographs before crashing into the moon.:一系列九个美国月球探测器于1961年至1965年间发射，其中最后三个在坠入月球之前拍摄了许多照片。
ranger |ˈreɪn(d)ʒə| Noun/:游侠,护林员
park rangers:公园护林员
rangers of the mountains:山区游侠

n. [C] 受雇者；雇员:
employee |[ɪmˈplɔɪi:]
The firm has over 500 employees. 这家公司有500多名雇员。
He is an employee of Fuji Bank. 他是富士银行的雇员。
Many of its employees are women. 很多雇员是女性。
government employees 政府雇员 
employee rights, employee relations 雇员权利；雇员关系

vi. [正式] 稳步而有力地前进:
vt.（在火里用锤子）锻造金属，或以此方式制作物品:
vt. 为欺骗别人而非法复制某事物，如伪造、仿冒:
vi. [正式] 稳步而有力地前进、发展:
vt. 艰苦干成某事、努力加强某事（使此事持续长久）。如建立、开创:
n. [C] 锻铁炉；锻造车间；锻造工厂:
n. [C] 铁匠铺:
forge |[fɔ:dʒ;美fɔ:rdʒ]
He forged through the crowds to the front of the stage. 他稳步挤过人群走到台前。
swords forged from steel 用钢锻造的刀剑 
To forge a blade takes great skill. 锻造刀刃需要很高超的技巧。
to forge a passport, to forge a banknote, to forge a cheque 伪造护照；伪造钞票；伪造支票 
He's getting good at forging his mother's signature. 他把母亲的签名伪造得越来越惟妙惟肖了。
She alleged that Taylor had forged her signature on the form. 她声称泰勒在表格上伪造了她的签名。
She forged into the lead (= in a competition, race, etc.). 她（在比赛、赛跑等中）稳步领先。
He again pledged to forge ahead with his plans for reform. 他再次承诺会稳步推进自己的改革计划。
The two companies forged ahead, innovating and expanding. 两家公司加快发展，改革创新，不断扩张。
a move to forge new links between management and workers 努力建立劳资新关系的措施 
Strategic alliances are being forged with major European companies. 正与欧洲主要公司设法结成战略同盟。
The Prime Minister is determined to forge a good relationship with America's new leader. 首相决意要和美国的新任领导人建立良好的关系。
They agreed to forge closer economic ties. 他们同意建立更加紧密的经济联系。
She forged a new career in the music business. 她在乐坛上另创一番新事业。
The project will help inmates forge new careers. 这项计划会帮助犯人开始新的职业。
Tito forged a unique model of communism after breaking with Stalin in 1948. 1948 年铁托在和斯大林决裂后创建了一种独特的共产主义模式。
the blacksmith's forge 铁匠铺 
Woodbury Blacksmith & Forge Co. 伍德伯里锻造公司

a wooden walkway across sand or marshy ground.:一条穿过沙地或沼泽地的木制人行道。
a promenade along a beach or waterfront, typically made of wood.:沿着海滩或海滨的长廊，通常由木头制成。
boardwalk |ˈbɔːdwɔːk| Noun/:木板路,浮桥

n. 1 [C] 海湾:
2 [sing.] the Gulf 波斯湾（即阿拉伯半岛和伊朗之间的海域）:
n. [C] 地面的大且深的裂口:
n. [C, usually sing.] ~ (between A and B) 两个人或群体之间在思维方式、生活方式等方面的巨大差异，如分歧、鸿沟:
gulf |[gʌlf]
the Gulf of Mexico 墨西哥湾 
the Gulf States (= the countries with coasts on the Gulf) 海湾国家 
the Gulf War 海湾战争（即波斯湾战争）
Within society, there is a growing gulf between rich and poor. 社会上的贫富差距正在逐渐加大。
Other factors widened the gulf that separated rich from poor. 其它因素加大了贫富差距。
The documentary illustrated the gulf between industrialized and developing countries. 这部纪录片展示了工业化国家和发展中国家之间的差距。
a growing gulf between the prosperous south and the declining towns of the north 繁荣的南方和日益衰落的北方城镇之间越来越大的差异 
cultural, ideological gulf 文化差异；意识形态差异 
the yawning gulf that separates the two cultures 将两种文化分隔开的鸿沟 
the gulf between rural and urban life 城乡生活的巨大差异 
an unbridgeable gulf between home and school life 家庭生活和学校生活之间不可逾越的鸿沟 
The new degree course aims to bridge the gulf between education and industry. 新的学位课程旨在弥合教育和实业之间的脱节。
huge gulf in level between professional and amateur teams 职业队和业余队之间巨大的水平差距 
This atrocity has created a huge gulf between the two groups. 这一暴行在两个群体之间造成了巨大的隔阂。
A gulf had opened up between the former friends. 以往的朋友之间出现了隔阂。
A gulf of mistrust will exist between them. 他们之间依然存在着极大的不信任。

n. [C, U] 一片土地的地理特征，如地带:
n. [C, U] 一片土地的地理特征，如地形、地势、地带:
terrain |[təˈreɪn]
arid, barren, desert terrain 干早地带；不毛之地；荒漠地带 
boggy, marshy, swampy（尤美）terrain 沼泽地；湿地 
difficult, harsh, inhospitable, treacherous terrain 难通过的地带；环境恶劣的地带；危险地带 
difficult terrain for walking 难以行走的地带 
Tank warfare dominated campaigns in open terrain. 开阔地带战役以坦克战为主。
The terrain changed quickly from arable land to desert. 那个地带很快就从耕地变成了沙漠。
local fighters who know the terrain 熟悉地形的当地战士 
It took us the whole day to trek across the rocky terrain. 我们花了一整天才艰难穿过那片岩石地带。
flat terrain 平坦的地形 
steep terrain 陡峭的地形 
hilly, mountainous, rocky, rough, rugged, uneven terrain 丘陵地形；多山地形；岩石地形；崎岖的地形；坎坷的地形；不平坦的地形 
arid, barren, desert terrain 干早地带；不毛之地；荒漠地带 
boggy, marshy, swampy（尤美）terrain 沼泽地；湿地 
difficult, harsh, inhospitable, treacherous terrain 难通过的地带；环境恶劣的地带；危险地带 
difficult terrain for walking 难以行走的地带 
familiar, unknown terrain 熟悉的地形；陌生的地形 
Tank warfare dominated campaigns in open terrain. 开阔地带战役以坦克战为主。
urban terrain 城市地形 
The terrain changed quickly from arable land to desert. 那个地带很快就从耕地变成了沙漠。
a tortuous eight-hour coach ride around 1,200 bends of rough terrain 在崎岖不平的地势上拐了1,200个弯、长达8小时的冗长的长途汽车旅行 
local fighters who know the terrain 熟悉地形的当地战士 
It took us the whole day to trek across the rocky terrain. 我们花了一整天才艰难穿过那片岩石地带。

jab or prod (someone or something) with one's finger or a sharp object:jab或prod（某人或某物）用手指或尖锐物体
prod and stir (a fire) with a poker to make it burn more fiercely:prod并用火柴搅动（火）使其燃烧得更猛烈
make (a hole) in something by prodding or jabbing at it:在某物上戳或戳（一个洞）
(of a man) have sex with (someone).:（男人的）与（某人）发生性关系。
thrust (something, such as one's head) in a particular direction:thrust（某物，例如一个人的头）在特定方向
protrude and be visible:protrude并且可见
an act of poking someone or something:戳某人或某物的行为
an act or instance of having sex.:发生性行为的行为或实例。
a look or search around a place:查看或搜索一个地方
power or acceleration in a car:汽车的动力或加速度
a woman's bonnet with a projecting brim or front, popular especially in the early 19th century.:一种带有突出边缘或前部的女式帽子，尤其在19世纪初流行。
a bag or small sack:一个袋子或小袋子
a purse or wallet:一个钱包或钱包
a North American plant of the lily family with a poisonous black rhizome and tall sprays of yellow-green flowers.:一种百合科的北美植物，带有有毒的黑色根茎和高大的黄绿色花朵。
a Hawaiian dish of marinated raw fish or seafood, often served over rice:一道夏威夷菜，由腌制的生鱼或海鲜制成，通常放在米饭上
poke |pəʊk| Noun/Verb/:戳,拨开
he poked Benny in the ribs and pointed:他戳了本尼的肋骨并指了指
she drew the curtains then poked the fire into a blaze:她拉上窗帘，然后把火点燃
don't forget to poke holes in the dough to allow steam to escape:不要忘记在面团上戳洞让蒸汽逸出
I poked my head around the door to see what was going on:我绕着门探出头来看看发生了什么事
she had wisps of grey hair poking out from under her bonnet:她的帽子下露出一缕白发
she gave the fire a poke:她戳了火
his mother comes into his room sometimes and has a poke round:他的妈妈有时会走进他的房间，玩一玩
I expect you'd prefer something with a bit more poke:我希望你更喜欢戳戳更多的东西
he fished out a poke of crisps from under the counter:他从柜台下面掏出一戳薯片
his wallet's half out of his pocket—it comes to me that I might as well lift his poke:他的钱包从口袋里掏出一半——我想我不妨举起他的戳
a buffet full of Hawaiian favourites like fresh poke:a自助餐，充满夏威夷美食，如新鲜的poke

prep. 逐个处理:
prep. 经历…；或以某种行动方式来经历…:
adj. [尤美] 不作前置定语，用于表示已与某人断绝了一种关系:
prep. 得到…的批准:
prep. 从时间的开始到结束，即从始至终，从头到尾:
adv. 从一段时间的开头至结尾，即从始至终，从头到尾:
prep. 通过一个阶段:
adv. 通过一个阶段:
prep. 直到…时候（所指的时间也包括在内）:
prep. see, hear, etc. through sth 隔着某个物体（或物质）听到:
prep. see, hear, etc. through sth 隔着某个物体（或物质）看到:
prep. 逐个浏览:
prep. 因为，由于:
prep. 从一个活动、情况、时间的开始到结束，即从始至终，从头到尾:
adv. 从一个事件（或一段时间）的开头至结尾，即从始至终，从头到尾:
adj. [尤美] through (with sth/sb) 不作前置定语，用于表示某人已完成了某事，或已与某人断绝了一种关系:
prep. 完成:
prep. …（如一种感情、态度或品质）发生于（或影响到）一个区域、组织或人体:
prep. 通过…手段，凭借:
prep. 逐个浏览或逐个处理:
adv. 指电话接通着:
prep. 通过一个障碍、阶段或测试:
adv. 通过一个障碍、阶段或测试:
prep. 1 从某事物（或某人）的一端（或一侧）到另一端（或另一侧）:
2 see, hear, etc. through sth 隔着某个物体（或物质）看到或听到:
3 通过一个障碍:
adv. 从事物的一端到另一端，即通过:
prep. 通过…手段，凭借:
prep. 通过一个测试:
adv. 通过一个测试:
adj. 只作前置定语，指道路或路线畅通的:
adv. 从一地穿行到另一地而不必中途转车，即直达:
adj. 1 只作前置定语，指交通从一地穿行到另一地而中途不必停止的，即直达的、直通的:
2 只作前置定语，指火车直达的、直通的，即不必在中途下车或转车的:
adv. 用于形容词后，表示完全地、彻底地:
through |[θru:]
to go through a change 经历一次变化
I’m through with her. 我和她断绝关系了。
John and Sarah are through. 约翰和萨拉吹了。
to get the plan through Congress 让该计划获得国会的批准
He will not live through the night. 他活不过今晚。
to struggle through until next month 挨到下个月
Only the top two teams go through. 仅两支顶尖队伍胜出。
I’ll finish the task through next year. 直到明年我才能完成任务。（包括明年）
to hear the conversation through the wall 隔着墙听别人交谈
to see the rain through the window 隔着窗子看雨 
I saw him through the mist. 我透过薄雾看到了他。
to go through the documents 把这些文件逐个浏览一遍
This happened through his mistake. 此事源于他的过错。
I’m halfway through the task. 这个任务我完成一半了。
I didn’t sit through the show. 那个表演还没完我就坐不住了。
He will not live through the night. 他活不过今晚。
to read the book right through 把那本书从头读到尾 
to struggle through until next month 挨到下个月
I’m through with dinner. 我吃完饭了。
Are you through with the book. 你读完那本书了吗？
I’m through with her. 我和她断绝关系了。
John and Sarah are through. 约翰和萨拉吹了。
He quitted half-way through the marathon. 他在马拉松赛跑的中途退出了比赛。
An atmosphere of anger vibrated through the crowd. 人群中充满着愤怒的气氛。
I’ve got the information through him. 我是靠他得到的信息。
to succeed through hard work 凭借艰苦的工作而获得成功
to go through the documents 把这些文件逐个浏览一遍
I couldn’t get through. 我打不通电话。
to go through the gate 穿过这道大门 
to drive through a red light 闯红灯 
to get throuth the exam 通过这项考试 
to drive straight through the red lights 开车闯过红灯 
to sail through the exam 顺利通过考试 
Only the top two teams go through. 仅两个顶尖队伍胜出。
The water run through my fingers. 水从我的指间流过。
to push his way through the crowd 他挤过人群 
to go through the door 穿过那道门 
to cut through the flesh 切肉 
to go through the village 穿过这个村庄 
Oil went through the pipe. 石油流过那条管道。
electric currents travelling through wires 通过导线的电流 
to see the rain through the window 隔着窗子看雨 
to hear the conversation through the wall 隔着墙听别人谈话 
I saw him through the mist. 我透过薄雾看到了他。
to go through the gate 穿过这道大门 
to drive through a red light 开车闯红灯 
The water is running through. 水正流出来。
to cut through 切开 
to pass through 穿过，路过 
to push his way through to the ourside of the room 他挤出房间 
to drive through 把车开过去 
I’ve got the information through him. 我是靠他得到的信息。
to succeed through hard work 凭借艰苦的工作而获得成功
to get through the exam 通过这项考试 
to sail through the exam 顺利通过考试 
Only the top two teams go through. 仅两支顶尖队伍胜出。
a through road 畅通的公路 
No through road. 此路不通。
The train goes straight through to London. 这列火车直达伦敦。
I drove straight through. 我一直开过来的。
through traffic 直达交通 
a through train 直达列车
I got wet through. 我浑身上下都湿透了。

be evidence of; indicate:是证据；5
order or reserve (something) in advance:订购或提前预订（东西）
speak to.:说话。
bespeak |bɪˈspəʊk| Verb/:表明,说
the attractive tree-lined road bespoke money:迷人的林荫道定制款
the defendant's insurers took steps to bespeak his medical records:

n. [C, usually pl.] 某事物（例如一个计划、法律或新闻报道）的一个错误、缺陷或漏洞:
n. [sing.]（由于某人或某事物不再处于某个地方或位置而）留下来待填充的一个地方或位置:
n. [C, usually sing.] [非正式，贬] 一个令人不悦的住处或处所，相当于dump:
n. 1 [C] 一个实心事物（或某事物的一个平面上）的一个中空的空间，可称为洞、孔、坑:
2 [C] 使某事物贯穿的一个开口（或孔眼、裂口等）:
vt. 常用被动式，在某事物（如一艘船）里打洞:
n. [C] 高尔夫球的球洞；高尔夫球球座到球洞的区域。是此义的常规用词:
vt.＆vi. hole (out) 高尔夫球运动中可指将一个球击入洞中:
n. [C] 一个小动物的住处:
hole |[həʊl]
holes in the court case 该起诉讼案件的破绽 
I don’t believe what she says--her story is full of holes. 我不相信她的话——她的陈述漏洞百出。
After his wife left, there was a gaping hole in his life. 妻子离开后，他的人生中出现了一大片空洞。
Buying the new equipment left a big hole in the company’s finances. 购买新设备给公司的财务造成了一个大窟窿。
I am not going to bring up my child in this hole. 我不会在这个鬼地方养育孩子的。
He dug a deep hole in the garden. 他在花园里挖了个深坑。
The bomb blew a huge hole in the ground. 炸弹在地上炸了一个大坑。
Water had collected in the holes in the road. 水积聚在道路的坑洼处。
drill a hole in sth 把某物钻穿 
There were holes in the knees of his trousers. 他裤子的膝部有破洞。
a hole in the fence 栅栏的缺口 
bullet hole 枪眼 
drainage hole 排水孔 
the hole in the ozone layer 臭氧层空洞 
The ball rolled into the hole. 球滚进了洞。
an eighteen-hole golf course 有十八个洞的高尔夫球场 
He liked to play a few holes after work. 他下班后喜欢打几杆高尔夫球。
She holed out from 25 feet. 她在25英尺处把球推进洞中。
mouse, rabbit hole 老鼠洞；兔子窝

n. [C]（用以达成某事的）行动计划或行动路线、途径:
n. [C]（用以达成某事的）行动计划或行动路线、途径:
n. 1 [C]（狭长的）小径:
2 [C] 路线；前方的道路，相当于way:
path |[pɑːθ]
to choose the path of cooperation 走合作的路线 
the path to success 成功之路 
the path to happiness 幸福之路 
a direct path to her goals 实现她目标的直接路径 
The two friends followed divergent paths in life. 这两个朋友走了不同的人生道路。
career, spiritual path 职业发展途径；心灵之旅 
the evolutionary path that humans have followed 人类遵循的进化道路 
Everyone has to find their own path in life. 每个人都要找到自己的生活方式。
This cleared the path for them to marry. 这清除了他们结婚道路上的障碍。
The path of true love is never easy. 真爱无坦途。
I don’t want to put obstacles in your path. 我不想阻碍你的前程。
to choose the path of cooperation 走合作的路线 
the path to success 成功之路 
the path to happiness 幸福之路 
a direct path to her goals 实现她目标的直接路径 
The two friends followed divergent paths in life. 这两个朋友走了不同的人生道路。
career, spiritual path 职业发展途径；心灵之旅 
the evolutionary path that humans have followed 人类遵循的进化道路 
Everyone has to find their own path in life. 每个人都要找到自己的生活方式。
This cleared the path for them to marry. 这清除了他们结婚道路上的障碍。
The path of true love is never easy. 真爱无坦途。
I don’t want to put obstacles in your path. 我不想阻碍你的前程。
to wear a path 踏出一条小径 
to follow the path 沿着这条小路 
narrow path 狭窄的小路 
steep path 陡直的小路 
winding path 弯弯曲曲的小路 
rocky, paved, path 石子路；铺平的路 
wooded path 林间小路 
cliff, coast, coastal path（均尤英）悬崖上的小路；海边小径 
forest, garden path 森林中的小路；园中小路 
pedestrian, public（尤英）path 人行道；公共通道 
bike（美）, cycle（英）path 自行车专用道 
I took the path through the park. 我走着穿过公园的小路。
A group of reporters blocked his path. 一群记者堵住了他的路。
He steered a path through the crowd. 他从人群中开出一条路。
You’re standing in my path! 你挡了我的道！
I managed to jump out of the path of the bike just in time. 我及时跳开，躲过了驶来的自行车。
the path of the tornado 龙卷风的行进路线 
flight path 飞行路线 
The building was in the direct path of the missile. 这座建筑位于导弹弹道上。
The object continued in its circular path. 物体继续沿圆形轨迹运行。

n. 1 [C] 数日或数周的长途艰难跋涉，尤指在山区的跋涉:
2 [C] [非正式] 长距离行走:
vi. [非正式] 长途跋涉，尤指徒步长途跋涉:
vi.（通常因疲惫而）缓慢勉强地行进:
vi.（通常因疲惫而）缓慢勉强地行进:
vi.（也可用go trekking）（尤指在山中）为娱乐之目的而远足、徒步旅行:
trek |[trek]
long, marathon（尤英）trek 长途跋涉；马拉松式的徒步行走 
short trek 短途跋涉 
cross-country trek 徒步越野 
The family made the long trek west in 1890. 1890年全家长途跋涉前往西部。
It's a long trek into town. 到商业区去要走很长的路。
20-mile trek 20英里的徒步行走 
10-hour trek 10小时的徒步行走 
I hate having to trek up that hill with all the groceries. 我很不愿意得带着这么多吃用杂物爬上那个山头。
trekking through the jungles 徒步穿过丛林 
They trekked from shop to shop in search of white knee-length socks. 他们拖着步子从一家商店走到另一家，寻找齐膝的白袜子。
They trekked from shop to shop in search of white knee-length socks. 他们拖着步子从一家商店走到另一家，寻找齐膝的白袜子。
We went trekking in Nepal. 我们去尼泊尔徒步旅行。
During the expedition, they trekked ten to thirteen hours a day. 在探险期间，他们每天都要走十到十三个小时。

travel across or through:穿越或穿越
extend across or through:跨越或通过
cross a rock face by means of a series of sideways movements from one practicable line of ascent or descent to another:通过从一条可行的上升线或下降线到另一条线的一系列侧向运动来越过岩壁
ski diagonally across (a slope), losing only a little height:ski斜跨（一个斜坡），只损失一点高度
consider the whole extent of (a subject):考虑（一个主题）的整个范围
move back and forth or sideways:前后或左右移动
turn (a large gun or other device on a pivot) to face a different direction.:turn（大枪或枢轴上的其他设备）面向不同的方向。
deny (an allegation) in pleading:deny（一项指控）在诉状中
oppose or thwart (a plan).:反对或阻挠（计划）。
an act of traversing something:穿越某物的行为
a rock face where traversing is necessary:需要穿越的岩壁
a movement following a diagonal course made by a skier descending a slope:滑雪者沿对角线路线下坡的运动
a zigzag course taken by a ship because winds or currents prevent it from sailing directly towards its destination.:由于风或水流阻止它直接驶向目的地，船舶采取之字形路线。
a part of a structure that extends or is fixed across something:延伸或固定在某物上的结构的一部分
a gallery extending from side to side of a church or other building.:从教堂或其他建筑物的一侧延伸到另一侧的画廊。
a mechanism enabling a large gun to be turned to face a different direction:一种可以使大炮转向不同方向的机制
the sideways movement of a part in a machine.:机器中零件的横向运动。
a single line of survey, usually plotted from compass bearings and measured distances between successive points.:单线测量，通常根据罗盘方位和连续点之间的测量距离绘制。
an area of land surveyed with a traverse.:用导线测量的一块土地。
a pair of right-angled bends incorporated in a trench to avoid enfilading fire:一对直角弯头并入沟槽中以避免燃烧
traverse |ˈtravəs| Noun/Verb/:遍历,穿越
he traversed the forest:他穿越了森林
a moving catwalk that traversed a vast cavernous space:穿越广阔的洞穴空间的移动时装秀
I often use this route, eventually traversing around the headwall:我经常走这条路线，最终绕着头墙走
ski patrol workers traverse the slope:
he would traverse a number of subjects and disciplines:他会穿越许多学科和学科
a probe is traversed along the tunnel:a探针沿隧道遍历
the plaintiff must assert certain facts which, if traversed, he would be put to prove:原告必须断言某些事实，如果被遍历，他将被要求证明
high-level walks in the Dolomites often involve steep, exposed climbs, traverses, and descents:多洛米蒂山的高级步行通常涉及陡峭、裸露的攀登、横穿和下降
a narrow traverse made lethal by snow and ice:一条被冰雪杀死的狭窄横道
I make long gentle traverses down the steepest sections:我沿着最陡峭的路段缓慢地穿越
there were three jewels in the traverse of the cross and four in the body:十字架的横梁上有三颗珠宝，身体上有四颗
they had been practising firing at multiple targets, using the power traverse:他们一直在练习向多个目标射击，使用动力横穿
he crept up and threw a grenade over the traverse:他爬了上来，在横梁上扔了一颗手榴弹

~ on/over sth 把…踩碎或踩伤:
vt.&vi. ~ (on/over) sb/sth 践踏某人的感情或权利:
~ on/over sth 把…踩伤:
trample |[ˈtræmp]
vt.&vi. ~ sb/sth (down) 
half-ripe apples that were being trampled underfoot by the fighting men 被大打出手的男子踩烂在脚下的半熟苹果 
People were trampled underfoot in the rush for the exit. 有人在拼命涌向出口时被踩在脚下。
Many people were trampled in the panic that followed. 很多人在随后的恐慌中被踩伤。
He was trampled to death by a runaway horse. 他被一匹脱缰的马踩死了。
The campers had trampled the corn down. 野营的人践踏了庄稼。
Don't trample on the flowers! 勿踏花草！
They don't want people trampling the grass, pitching tents or building fires. 他们不希望人们踩踏草坪、支帐篷或生火。
Police officers had been trampling all over the ground. 警察们到处踩来踩去。
The government is trampling on the views of ordinary people. 政府在践踏民意。
They say loggers are destroying rain forests and trampling on the rights of natives. 他们说伐木工人正在毁坏雨林，践踏原住民的权利。
Diplomats denounced the leaders for trampling their citizens' civil rights. 外交官谴责这些领导人践踏其公民的公民权。
vt.&vi. ~ sb/sth (down) 
People were trampled underfoot in the rush for the exit. 有人在拼命涌向出口时被踩在脚下。
Many people were trampled in the panic that followed. 很多人在随后的恐慌中被踩伤。

the plants of a particular region, habitat, or geological period:特定地区、栖息地或地质时期的植物
a book or other work detailing the plants of a particular region or habitat.:一本详述特定地区或栖息地植物的书或其他作品。
the goddess of flowering plants.:开花植物女神。
flora |ˈflɔːrə| Noun/:植物群,植物区系
Britain's native flora:英国本土植物

the animals of a particular region, habitat, or geological period:特定地区、栖息地或地质时期的动物
a book or other work detailing the animal life of a region.:一本详细描述某个地区动物生活的书或其他作品。
fauna |ˈfɔːnə| Noun/:,动物区系
the flora and fauna of Siberia:西伯利亚的动植物群

vt. 抑制或减弱（感情等）。相当于dampen:
adj.（常令人不悦地）潮湿的，微湿的:
n. [U] [英] 潮湿的状态；墙壁等上面的潮湿区域:
vt. 弄潮湿，使潮湿。相当于dampen:
damp |[dæmp]
The cottage was cold and damp. 这小屋又冷又湿。
damp clothes 潮湿的衣服 
The old house smells of damp. 这老房子散发出一股潮气。
She damped a towel and wrapped it round his leg. 她弄湿毛巾，把它裹在他的腿上。
