access					入口，享用机会，进入，存取
project				项目
intention				意图
equivalence				相等
negotiate				谈判，通过，转让
disappointing				令人失望的
alternative				可供替代的，非传统的，选择
generous				慷慨的，丰厚的
biological				生物的
strategy				战略，策略
paradox				悖论，矛盾的人或事物
primary				主要的，最初的
standpoint				立场
grab					抓住，霸占，赶紧做，吸引
crucial				至关重要的
flaw					瑕疵，错误，毁掉
depress					使沮丧，使萧条，按下
obstacle				障碍
automatic				自动的，无意识的，必然的，自动挡
passionate				充满激情的，多情的
gambling				赌博
logic					逻辑学，理由
theory					学说，理论
download				下载
signal					信号，标志，传达，表明
authoritative				专断的，权威性的
smooth					光滑的，平坦的，圆润的，顺利的，磨平
institution				习俗，福利机构，金融机构，知名人士
vehicle				机动车，手段
plague					瘟疫，灾祸，困扰
\\\\\\\\

n. [U] access (to sth) 见到（或接触到）某人或某事物的机会或权利:
vt. [正式] 到达（或进入）某事物:
vt. [正式] 使用某事物:
n. [U] access (to sth) 使用某事物的机会或权利:
vt. 访问或存取计算机文件（即打开一份计算机文件以获取或添加信息）:
n. [U] access (to sth) 使用某种信息技术的机会或权利:
vt. [正式] 使用某事物:
n. [U] access (to sth) 使用某事物的机会或权利:
n. [U] access (to sth) 进入（或达到）某地的一种途径:
access |['ækses]
Journalists were denied access to the President. 记者被挡住，无法见到总统。
Many divorced fathers only have access to their children at weekends. 很多离婚父亲只有在周末才有权见到自己的孩子。
access to confidential information 接触机密情报的机会 
He was finally granted access to the medical records. 他最终获准查看病例。
The loft can be accessed by a ladder. 搭梯子可以上阁楼。
Students must have access to good resources. 学生们一定有机会使用好的资源。
Students have easy access to libraries. 学生享用图书馆的资源很方便。
Access to this information is severely restricted. 这一信息的使用受到极为严格的限制。
Men and women should have equal access to education. 男女应当享有平等的受教育权。
to access confidential files 存取机密文件 
You need a password to get access to the computer system. 使用这个计算机系统需要口令。
broadband, Internet, wireless access 宽带接入；互联网接入；无线接入
Students must have access to good resources. 学生们一定有机会使用好的资源。
Students have easy access to libraries. 学生享用图书馆的资源很方便。
Access to this information is severely restricted. 这一信息的使用受到极为严格的限制。
Men and women should have equal access to education. 男女应当享有平等的受教育权。
There is good wheelchair access to most facilities. 坐轮椅可以方便地到达多数设施。
The police gained access through a broken window. 警察从一扇破窗户里钻了进去。
The only access to the farmhouse is across the fields. 去那农舍的唯一通路是穿过田野。
public access 公共通道 
vehicle, vehicular（英）access 车辆专用通道 
access road, access route（进出某处的）行车通道；进入的路线

n. 1 [C] 规划的一项工作，旨在研究…以获取信息、生产新产品、改善某事物等。比programme更强调一种目标感，且涉及更多执行层面的事情。因此将project翻译为“项目”或“工程”比较合适。（而programme常指一种概念上或书面上的、着眼于长期的、关乎群体的综合性“计划”、“规划”或“方案”，在汉语中有时翻译为“项目”，不过性质依然是一种规划，不能因为这种翻译方式就把programme加入过多的实施层面的因素；另外，其词根词缀也表明这是一种预先写出或画出来的计划）如:
2 [C] 北美英语中还可指为贫困家庭所实施的住房工程，常由政府出资:
vt. project (yourself) 把某人（如自己）或某事物以某种方式呈现给他人，尤指给人良好印象，即表现:
n. [C] 在一段时间内，学生对某一学科所做的细致研究或调查:
vt. 为一项未来的活动或工程等拟定计划，即规划，计划，常用被动式:
n. [C] 某人所感兴趣的（或想要引起人们关注的）一系列目标、想法或活动，即方案，计划:
vt. 1 project sth (on/onto sth) 将光线、影像等投射到一个平面上（或屏幕上）:
2 将某物抛上去或抛离…:
vt. 预测、估计现存的事物（或正发生的事件）在将来的尺寸、成本或数量，相当于forecast，但不如forecast常用:
vi. 从一个边缘或平面突出来，相当于protrude，为正式用法:
project |['prɒdʒekt,'prəʊ-]
pilot project 试点工程 
research project 研究项目 
building, construction, restoration project 建筑工程；建设工程；修复工程 
development, educational, environmental project 开发项目；教育工程；环境工程 
The wedding became her pet project. 婚礼成了她特别倾心的事项。
The project aims to reduce homelessness. 该项目旨在减少无家可归者的人数。
project management 项目管理 
project director, project team 项目总监；项目团队 
project budget 项目预算 
Going into the projects alone is dangerous. 只身进入公房区是危险的。
to project a positive image of the company 树立公司的正面形象 
She projects an air of calm self-confidence. 她表现出镇定自若的神态。
He projected himself as a man worth listening to. 他装成很有见地的样子。
a history project 历史学科的专题研究 
The final term will be devoted to project work. 最后一学期的时间将全部用于专题研究。
thesis project（美）论文课题 
My class is doing a project on medieval towns. 我们班正在进行一项关于中世纪城镇的研究。
The next edition of the book is projected for publication in March. 本书的下一版计划于三月发行。
The projected housing development will go ahead next year. 计划中的住宅建设将于明年动工。
a political project 政治方案 
investment project 投资方案 
an ambitious project to translate all the works of Plato 一项翻译柏拉图所有著作的艰巨计划 
Images are projected onto the retina of the eye. 影像被投射到眼睛的视网膜上。
Actors must learn to project their voices. 演员必须学会放开声音。
the powerful men who would project him into The White House（比喻用法）能使他平步进入白宫的有力人士
A growth rate of 4% is projected for next year. 预计明年的增长率为4%。
The unemployment rate has been projected to fall. 据预测失业率将下降。
a building with balconies projecting out over the street 阳台伸出到街上的楼房

intention (to do sth) intention (that ...) 打算，计划:
intention (to do sth) intention (that ...) 目的，意图:
intention |[ɪn'tenʃn]
He left England with the intention of travelling in Africa. 他离开英格兰，打算去非洲旅行。
I have no intention of changing jobs. 我无意变换工作。
The authority has announced its intention to crack down on illegal parking. 官方宣布了打击违章停车的计划。
She may never reveal her true intentions. 她可能永远都不会透露真实意图。
The general intention behind the project is a good one. 该项目背后的意图是好的。

the condition of being equal or equivalent in value, worth, function, etc.:价值、价值、功能等相等或相等的条件。
equivalence |ɪˈkwɪvələns| Noun/:等价
knowledge of equivalence of units is required:需要单位等价知识

vt. 通过正式商讨来达成（协议）:
vi. negotiate (with sb) (for/about sth) 尝试通过正式商讨而达成一项协议，即谈判，磋商，协商:
vt. 通过正式商讨来安排或同意某事，即商定，达成（协议）:
vt. 成功通过或越过一个艰难路段:
negotiate |[nɪ'ɡəʊʃɪeɪt]
to negotiate a deal, to negotiate a contract 达成交易；订立合同 
We successfully negotiated the release of the hostages. 我们成功达成了释放人质的协议。
The government will not negotiate with terrorists. 政府不会和恐怖分子谈判。
We have been negotiating for more pay. 我们一直在为增加工资进行谈判。
Rents are individually negotiated between landlord and tenant. 租金由房东和房客单独协商。
We are negotiating for the release of the prisoners. 我们正在就释放囚犯一事进行谈判。
negotiating skills 谈判技巧 
to negotiate a deal, to negotiate a contract, to negotiate a treaty, to negotiate a settlement 达成交易；商定合同；商定条约内容；商定解决措施 
We successfully negotiated the release of the hostages. 我们成功达成了释放人质的协议。
The climbers had to negotiate a steep rock face. 攀登者必须攀越陡峭的岩壁。
He successfully negotiated the slippery steps. 他顺利地走过了打滑的台阶。

adj. 令人失望的:
disappointing |[ˌdɪsəˈpɔɪntɪŋ]
disappointing result, disappointing performance 令人失望的结果；令人失望的演出 
The outcome of the court case was disappointing for the family involved. 诉讼案的结果使得涉及本案的这家人非常失望。
The wine was excellent, but the food was disappointing. 酒棒极了，但是饭菜却让人不敢恭维。
The recession is largely blamed for the disappointing response to the appeal. 对此呼吁的反应令人失望，主要归咎于经济衰退。
The movie was terribly disappointing. 这电影太让人失望了。
This was very disappointing for all the fans watching the game. 这令观看比赛的广大粉丝大失所望。
That was very disappointing to me. 那令我非常失望。

adj. 只用于名词前，与通常或传统的行为方式不同的，如非传统的、另类的:
adj.（美尤用alternate）可替代其它事物而被使用的，即替代性的:
n. [C] 在两个或更多可能性之中你可选择去做的某事（或可选择去拥有的某事物）:
alternative |[ɔ:l'tə:nətɪv]
alternative comedy, alternative lifestyles, alternative values 非传统喜剧；非传统生活方式；非传统价值观 
alternative energy (= electricity or power that is produced using the energy from the sun, wind, water, etc.) 非传统能源（指太阳能、风能、水能等）
alternative method, alternative solution 替代性方法；替代方案
You can be paid in cash weekly or by cheque monthly; those are the two alternatives. 你的工资可以按周以现金支取，或按月以支票支取。二者可选其一。
We had no alternative but to fire Gibson. 我们别无选择，只有辞退吉布森。
Is there a viable alternative to prison? 除入狱外还有无其他可行的选择？
a healthier alternative to fried chicken 比炸鸡更健康的另一选择 
alternatives to fossil fuels 化石燃料的替代物

adj. [褒]（对待人们）宽宏大量的，仁慈的；愿意看到人或事物的好的方面的:
adj. [褒] generous (with sth) 慷慨大方的，慷慨给予的，是一个常规用词。词义与mean相反:
adj. [褒] 比必需的量更多的，即充足的。相当于lavish:
adj. [褒] 大的:
generous |['dʒenərəs]
generous mind 宽阔的胸怀 
She’s very generous with her praise. 她毫不吝惜赞美之词。
generous benefactor 慷慨的捐助者 
to be generous with your time 不吝惜时间 
to be generous in giving help 乐于助人 
generous gift 丰厚的礼物 
Thank you for your donation. It was very generous of you. 感谢您的捐款，您真是慷慨大方。
John’s become very generous with the wine! 约翰不停地奉上美酒！
The review panel criticized the payments as overly generous. 审查小组批评这些开销太过手松。
a generous helping of meat 一大份肉 
The car has a generous amount of space. 这辆汽车的空间很大。

relating to biology or living organisms.:与生物学或活的有机体有关。
(of a detergent or other cleaning product) containing enzymes to assist the process of cleaning.:（洗涤剂或其他清洁产品）含有酶以协助清洁过程。
relating to or involving the use of microorganisms or toxins of biological origin as weapons of war.:涉及或涉及使用微生物或生物来源的毒素作为战争武器。
(of a member of a person's family) genetically related; related by blood:（一个人的家庭成员）遗传相关的；有血缘关系
a substance of biological origin used as a drug, vaccine, pesticide, etc.:用作药物、疫苗、杀虫剂等的生物来源物质。
biological |ˌbʌɪəˈlɒdʒɪkl| Adjective/Noun/:生物
his biological mother:他的亲生母亲
a wide spectrum of biologicals are produced from animal cells in culture:广泛的生物制品是由培养的动物细胞生产的

n. [U] 制定计划（或巧妙地实施计划）的过程，如策划、规划、统筹安排:
~ (to do sth) 为达到某一目的所制定的行动计划（尤指长期的行动计划），即策略、战略:
2 [U, C]（尤指战争中的）战略、战略学；战略部署:
~ (to do sth) 为达到某一目的所制定的行动计划（尤指长期的行动计划），即策略、战略:
2 [U, C]（尤指战争中的）战略、战略学；战略部署:
strategy |[ˈstrætədʒi]
marketing strategy 营销策划
long-term, medium-term, short-term strategy 长期策略；中期策略；短期策略 
The overall strategy is good, but one or two of the details could be improved. 他们的总体策略还不错，只是有一两处细节还需改进。
a key strategy to increase sales 提高销量的关键策略 
comprehensive strategy 全面的策略 
a global marketing strategy 全球营销战略 
grand strategy 宏大的战略 
The committee drew up a draft strategy for dealing with future floods.（draft尤为英式用法）委员会草拟了一份应对未来洪灾的策略。
The government has employed a dual strategy to achieve these two objectives. 为了完成这两个目标，政府采取了双管齐下的策略。
The company adopted aggressive marketing strategies to sell its products. 这家公司采取了积极的营销策略销售其产品。
Her rudeness was a deliberate strategy to provoke him. 她的无礼是有预谋的，故意要激怒他。
economics-based strategy 以经济为基础的策略 
market-oriented strategy 以市场为导向的策略 
a customer-oriented business strategy 以顾客为导向的经营策略 
We all have different coping strategies for times of stress. 我们都有不同的应对紧急情况的策略。
survival strategy 生存策略 
No one has yet come up with an exit strategy for the troops. 还没有人提出能使部队退出的策略。
campaign, election, electoral, government, political strategy 竞选策略；选举策略；政府策略；政治策略 
instructional（美）, pedagogic, teaching strategy 指导性策略；教学策略 
learning strategy 学习策略 
business, commercial, company, corporate, financial, investment, management, marketing, pricing, product, promotional, recruitment, research, sales strategy 经营策略；商业策略；公司策略；企业策略；财务策略；投资策略；管理策略；营销策略；定价策略；产品策略；促销策略；招募策略；研究策略；销售策略 
economic, energy, environmental, industrial, legislative strategy 经济战略；能源战略；环境战略；工业战略；立法战略 
A coherent strategy for getting more people back to work needs to be developed. 需要制定一项连贯的策略，以使更多的人重新就业。
The charity is drawing up a strategy to meet the needs of the homeless. 慈善机构正在拟定一项计划，以满足无家可归者的需要。
It is certainly a strategy worth exploring. 这一策略确实值得探讨。
They're pursuing a strategy of massive retaliation. 他们奉行大规模报复策略。
The document sets out the government's new strategy. 文件阐述了政府的新战略。
The company will now focus its strategy on its core business areas. 公司即将把战略重心放到核心业务领域。
a strategy aimed at reducing the risk of accidents 旨在降低事故风险的策略 
This strategy relies on property prices continuing to rise. 该战略的前提是资产价格持续上涨。
The company's financial strategy is not working. 公司的财务策略没有奏效。
strategy development, strategy formulation 战略制定；战略构想 
strategy meeting, strategy session（尤美）战略会议；战略会晤 
strategy review 战略回顾 
strategy document, strategy paper 战略档案；战略文件 
a strategy game set during the Civil War 内战期间的战略对局 
the key idea in their strategy 他们战略中的关键思想 
to develop an effective strategy for change 为追求变革制定一种有效的策略 
to develop a strategy for dealing with unemployment 制订解决失业问题的对策 
the party's strategy on poverty 该党针对贫困的策略 
a comprehensive strategy towards regional development 针对区域性开发的综合战略 
The coming year may herald a change in strategy for major publishers. 对大出版商来说，即将到来的一年可能意味着战略的改变。
Their single-minded pursuit of this controversial strategy led to their fall from power. 一意孤行地奉行这项有争议的策略导致了他们的倒台。
He pretended that resigning was part of his long-term career strategy. 他假装辞职是他长远职业规划的一部分。
military strategy 军事战略 
I've just been explaining the basic principles of strategy to my generals. 我刚刚一直在向各位将军解释战略学的基本原理。
defence strategies 防御部署
long-term, medium-term, short-term strategy 长期策略；中期策略；短期策略 
The overall strategy is good, but one or two of the details could be improved. 他们的总体策略还不错，只是有一两处细节还需改进。
a key strategy to increase sales 提高销量的关键策略 
comprehensive strategy 全面的策略 
a global marketing strategy 全球营销战略 
grand strategy 宏大的战略 
The committee drew up a draft strategy for dealing with future floods.（draft尤为英式用法）委员会草拟了一份应对未来洪灾的策略。
The government has employed a dual strategy to achieve these two objectives. 为了完成这两个目标，政府采取了双管齐下的策略。
The company adopted aggressive marketing strategies to sell its products. 这家公司采取了积极的营销策略销售其产品。
Her rudeness was a deliberate strategy to provoke him. 她的无礼是有预谋的，故意要激怒他。
economics-based strategy 以经济为基础的策略 
market-oriented strategy 以市场为导向的策略 
a customer-oriented business strategy 以顾客为导向的经营策略 
We all have different coping strategies for times of stress. 我们都有不同的应对紧急情况的策略。
survival strategy 生存策略 
No one has yet come up with an exit strategy for the troops. 还没有人提出能使部队退出的策略。
campaign, election, electoral, government, political strategy 竞选策略；选举策略；政府策略；政治策略 
instructional（美）, pedagogic, teaching strategy 指导性策略；教学策略 
learning strategy 学习策略 
business, commercial, company, corporate, financial, investment, management, marketing, pricing, product, promotional, recruitment, research, sales strategy 经营策略；商业策略；公司策略；企业策略；财务策略；投资策略；管理策略；营销策略；定价策略；产品策略；促销策略；招募策略；研究策略；销售策略 
economic, energy, environmental, industrial, legislative strategy 经济战略；能源战略；环境战略；工业战略；立法战略 
A coherent strategy for getting more people back to work needs to be developed. 需要制定一项连贯的策略，以使更多的人重新就业。
The charity is drawing up a strategy to meet the needs of the homeless. 慈善机构正在拟定一项计划，以满足无家可归者的需要。
It is certainly a strategy worth exploring. 这一策略确实值得探讨。
They're pursuing a strategy of massive retaliation. 他们奉行大规模报复策略。
The document sets out the government's new strategy. 文件阐述了政府的新战略。
The company will now focus its strategy on its core business areas. 公司即将把战略重心放到核心业务领域。
a strategy aimed at reducing the risk of accidents 旨在降低事故风险的策略 
This strategy relies on property prices continuing to rise. 该战略的前提是资产价格持续上涨。
The company's financial strategy is not working. 公司的财务策略没有奏效。
strategy development, strategy formulation 战略制定；战略构想 
strategy meeting, strategy session（尤美）战略会议；战略会晤 
strategy review 战略回顾 
strategy document, strategy paper 战略档案；战略文件 
a strategy game set during the Civil War 内战期间的战略对局 
the key idea in their strategy 他们战略中的关键思想 
to develop an effective strategy for change 为追求变革制定一种有效的策略 
to develop a strategy for dealing with unemployment 制订解决失业问题的对策 
the party's strategy on poverty 该党针对贫困的策略 
a comprehensive strategy towards regional development 针对区域性开发的综合战略 
The coming year may herald a change in strategy for major publishers. 对大出版商来说，即将到来的一年可能意味着战略的改变。
Their single-minded pursuit of this controversial strategy led to their fall from power. 一意孤行地奉行这项有争议的策略导致了他们的倒台。
He pretended that resigning was part of his long-term career strategy. 他假装辞职是他长远职业规划的一部分。
military strategy 军事战略 
I've just been explaining the basic principles of strategy to my generals. 我刚刚一直在向各位将军解释战略学的基本原理。
defence strategies 防御部署

n. 1 [C] 矛盾的人、事物或情况（因此看起来比较奇怪）:
2 [C, U] 似是而非（或自相矛盾）的言语；似是而非（或自相矛盾）的言语的使用:
paradox |[ˈpærədɒks;美-dɑ:ks]
He was a paradox--a loner who loved to chat to strangers. 他真是个矛盾人物，生性孤僻却又喜欢和陌生人闲聊。
It is a curious paradox that professional comedians often have unhappy personal lives. 这真是个奇怪的矛盾现象——职业喜剧演员的私人生活往往并不快乐。
The paradox is that the region's most dynamic economies have the most primitive financial systems. 矛盾之处在于这个地区最有活力的经济体却有着最落后的金融体系。
The paradox of exercise is that while using a lot of energy it seems to generate more. 锻炼奇怪的地方在于它会越活动越有劲。
The facts pose something of a paradox. 这些事实有自相矛盾之处。
The paradox about time is that it seems to go faster as we become older and less active。时间的矛盾之处在于，我们年纪渐长不如以前活跃的时候，它似乎走得更快了。
the paradox between the real and the ideal 现实与理想之间的矛盾 
the paradox in the relationship between creativity and psychosis 创造力和精神病二者关系中的矛盾 
The author tackles one of the deepest paradoxes of life. 作者就人生中的一个最大矛盾进行了探讨。
By a curious paradox, the team became less motivated the more games it won.这个队赢的场次越多越没有动力，真是一个奇怪的矛盾。
‘More haste, less speed ’ is a well-known paradox. “欲速则不达”是人们熟知的似非而是的隽语。
It's a work full of paradox and ambiguity. 这部作品充满了似非而是及模棱两可之处。
The story contains many levels of paradox. 这个故事存在多重悖论。
Although I'm so successful I'm really rather a failure. That's a paradox, isn't it? 虽然我非常成功，可事实上我却是个相当失败的人。这句话自相矛盾，是吧？

adj. 常用于名词前，最初发展（或发生）的、最早的。不如initial常用:
adj. [尤英] 只用于名词前，与大约五到十一岁的儿童教育有关的，如初等教育的、小学教育的:
n. [C] 也可用primary election，在美国可指某一地区举行的初选（该初选会选出候选人以参加将来的一场重要选举）:
adj. 常用于名词前，主要的、最重要的、基本的，相当于prime:
primary |['praɪmərɪ]['praɪmərɪ]
primary causes 最初的原因 
The disease is still in its primary stage. 这病尚处于初始阶段。
primary teachers 小学教师
the Illinois primary 伊利诺伊州的初选 
the presidential primaries 总统候选人初选
the primary aim of this course 这门课的主要目的 
Our primary concern must be the children. 我们首先要关心的必须是儿童。
Good health care is of primary importance. 良好的医疗保健是重中之重。

n. [usually sing.] 立场、观点:
standpoint |[ˈstændpɔɪnt]
political, theoretical standpoint 政治立场；理论角度 
He is writing from the standpoint of someone who knows what life is like in prison. 他从一个了解监狱生活的人的立场写作。
He believes that from a military standpoint, the situation is under control. 他认为从军事角度看，形势已得到了控制。
From my standpoint, you know, this thing is just ridiculous. 你要知道，依我看，这事简直太荒唐了。
We must approach the problem from a different standpoint. 我们必须换一种角度来处理这个问题。
We should try to adopt a more positive standpoint. 我们应该尽力采取更加积极的立场。
From the standpoint of women, this looks like a policy of discrimination. 从女性的立场出发，这一政策似乎有歧视之嫌。

vt. 吸引某人的注意力:
vt. 抓紧时间做某事:
vt. 抓紧时间拿、取，尤指匆忙地拿、取:
vt.&vi. ~ sth (from sb/sth) 用手突然抓住、牢牢抓住或粗鲁地抓住:
vi. ~ at/for sth 试图抓住或夺取:
n. [usually sing.] ~ (at/for sb/sth) 突然的抓取或抢夺:
vt. 快速吃、喝，尤指匆忙地吃、喝:
n. [C] [计算机] 抓取（或截取、采集）的图像:
vt.&vi. ~ sth (from sb/sth) 用手突然抓住以夺取:
vi. ~ at/for sth 试图夺取:
vt. 为自己取得某东西，尤指自私或贪婪地捞取、赚取、抢占:
n. 1 [usually sing.] ~ (at/for sb/sth) 突然的抢夺:
2 [C] ~ for sth 夺取权力、捞取名声等:
n. [C] 用于抓吊货物的一件设备，例如带有长长的颈部的抓具、抓斗:
vt.&vi. ~ (at sth) 抓住机会:
grab |[græb]
Grab that waiter, Mary Ann. 玛丽·安，叫那位侍者过来。
I'll see if I can grab the waitress and get the bill. 我来看能不能引起服务员的注意，让她拿账单来。
I jumped on the wall to grab the attention of the crowd. 为了吸引那群人的注意，我纵身跃上墙头。
Glasgow's drugs problem has grabbed the headlines tonight (= been published as an important story in the newspapers). 格拉斯哥的毒品问题成了今晚报纸的头条新闻。
I managed to grab a couple of hours' sleep on the plane. 我在飞机上抓紧时间睡了两个钟头。
Grab a seat, I won't keep you a moment. 赶紧找个座位吧，我不会耽误你太多工夫。
Grab a beer. 拿瓶啤酒来。
She grabbed the child's hand and ran. 她抓住孩子的手就跑。
He grabbed hold of me and wouldn't let go. 他抓住我不松手。
I managed to grab her hand. 我抓到了她的手。
He grabbed hold of a handrail to save himself from falling. 他紧紧抓住扶手以免摔倒。
Jim grabbed a cake from the plate. 吉姆从盘子里抓了一块蛋糕。
I grabbed him by the neck. 我掐住他的脖子。
Don't grab─there's plenty for everyone. 别抢——多着呢，人人都有。
Somebody tried to grab her handbag from her. 有个人想抢她的手提包。
He was clumsily trying to grab at Alfred's arms. 他笨手笨脚地想抓住艾尔弗雷德的手臂。
She grabbed at the branch, missed and fell. 她抓树枝，可没抓着，就跌倒了。
Kate grabbed for the robber's gun. 凯特拼命去夺抢劫者的枪。
He made a grab for her bag. 他突然去抢她的手提包。
Let's grab a sandwich before we go. 咱们赶快吃个三明治就走吧。
a screen grab from Wednesday's programme 从星期三的节目中抓取的荧屏图像
Don't grab─there's plenty for everyone. 别抢——多着呢，人人都有。
Somebody tried to grab her handbag from her. 有个人想抢她的手提包。
Kate grabbed for the robber's gun. 凯特拼命去夺抢劫者的枪。
By the time we arrived, someone had grabbed all the good seats. 我们到达时，所有的好位子都给人占了。
He made a grab for her bag. 他突然去抢她的手提包。
a grab for personal power 对个人权力的巧取豪夺
This was my big chance and I grabbed it with both hands. 这是我的大好机会，我紧紧抓住。
She grabbed the chance of a job interview. 她抓住了一次求职面试的机会。
He grabbed at the opportunity to buy his castle. 他抓住机会买下了他的城堡。
He'll grab at any excuse to avoid doing the dishes. 他会随便找个借口来逃避洗碗。

~ (that…) 至关重要的、关键的（因会影响其它事情）:
crucial |[ˈkru:ʃl]
adj. ~ (to/for sth) 
crucial factor, crucial issue, crucial decision 关键性的因素；关键性的问题；关键性的决定 
topics of crucial importance 至关重要的课题 
Winning this contract is crucial to the success of the company. 赢得这份合同对这家公司的成败至关重要。
The next few weeks are going to be crucial. 今后几个星期是关键。
It is crucial that we get this right. 我们把这个问题弄明白是极其重要的。
Parents play a crucial role in preparing their child for school. 父母对孩子做好上学的准备起着至关重要的作用。
He wasn't there at the crucial moment (= when he was needed most). 紧要关头他却不在那里。
He had administrators under him but took the crucial decisions himself. 他手下有管理人员，但重要的决策仍由他自己来做。
the most crucial election campaign for years 几年来最重要的竞选活动 
It's absolutely crucial that we get this right. 我们要理解这个问题，这极为关键。
The talks are crucial for the success of the plan. 这些谈判对计划的成败至关重要。
Secrecy is crucial to this police operation. 保密对警方的这次行动至关重要。

n. [C] ~ (in sth) 错误:
n. [C] ~ (in sth) 裂痕、裂隙:
n. 1 [C] ~ (in sth) 缺陷、瑕疵:
2 [C] ~ (in sb/sth) 某人性格上的弱点、缺点:
flaw |[flɔ:]
The argument is full of fundamental flaws. 这段论述充满根本性的错误。
There were, however, a number of crucial flaws in his monetary theory. 但是，他的货币理论中存在若干关键性错误。
Almost all of these studies have serious flaws. 几乎所有这些研究中都存在严重谬误。
It took me a long time to find the flaw in her logic. 我花了很长时间才找到她逻辑上的破绽。           
Unfortunately, this plate has a slight flaw in it. 可惜这个盘子有个小小的裂痕。
Engineers have identified serious design flaws in the proposed nuclear waste dump. 工程师们已确认拟建的核废料处理站存在严重的设计缺陷。
The report reveals fatal flaws in security at the airport. 报告揭示了机场安全的致命缺陷。
Flaws have appeared in the new version of the software. 软件的新版本中出现了若干漏洞。
The markets have exposed the fatal flaw in the government's economic policy. 市场已经暴露出政府经济政策中存在的致命缺陷。
There is always a flaw in the character of a tragic hero. 悲剧主角总有性格上的缺陷。
The only flaw in his character seems to be a short temper. 他性格中的唯一缺点好像就是脾气急。

If something depresses prices, wages, or figures, it causes them to become less. 使降低
If someone or something depresses you, they make you feel sad and disappointed. 使沮丧
depress |英 [dɪ'pres]  美 [dɪ'prɛs]| vt. 压抑；使沮丧；使萧条/
The stronger U.S. dollar depressed sales.更坚挺的美元使销售量下降。
I must admit the state of the country depresses me.我必须承认国家的形势令我沮丧。


n. 1 [C] ~ (to sth/to doing sth)（阻止某人达成某事的）障碍、绊脚石:
2 [C] 前进道路上的障碍物、绊脚石:
n. [C] 障碍赛马运动中需要马跳过的栅栏、障碍:
obstacle |[ˈɒbstəkl;美ˈɑ:b-]
The release of prisoners remains an obstacle in the path of a peace agreement. 释放战俘问题仍然是和谈道路上的一个障碍。
Lack of money has proved an almost insurmountable obstacle. 缺乏资金已成为一个几乎无法逾越的障碍。
legal obstacle 法律障碍 
political obstacle 政治障碍 
The attitude of the unions is a serious obstacle. 工会的态度是一大障碍。
Lack of childcare provision can be a major obstacle for women wishing to work. 缺少儿童保育服务对希望上班的妇女来说是一大障碍。
The huge distances involved have proved an obstacle to communication between villages. 村庄之间间隔太远，阻碍了村庄之间的通讯。
A lack of qualifications can be a major obstacle to finding a job. 学历不足可能成为谋职的主要障碍。
He was determined to overcome all obstacles in his way. 他决心克服阻挡他的一切障碍。
the joy of overcoming seemingly impossible obstacles 排除看似无法逾越的障碍所带来的快乐 
The area was full of streams and bogs and other natural obstacles. 此地遍布小溪、泥潭和其他天然障碍。
Most competition cars will only roll over if they hit an obstacle. 大多数赛车只有在撞上障碍物时才会翻车。
He left her to navigate her own way round the trolleys and other obstacles. 他扔下她一个人在一堆手推车和其他障碍物之间绕来绕去。          

n. [C] 只要扣动扳机就能持续发射子弹的枪支，如自动手枪或自动步枪:
n. [C] [英] 自动变速汽车，自动换挡汽车:
adj. 由于某种行为或情况而必然发生的，也可叫当然的:
adj. 不需要思考就得到执行或发生的，即下意识的，不假思索的，相当于instinctive。且与unconscious也描述的是同样的情况，只是描述的角度不同而已:
adj.（机器、装置等）自动的，无需人工操作的:
automatic |[͵ɔ:tə'mætɪk]
He drew his automatic and began running in the direction of the sounds. 他拔出自动枪，朝发出声音的方向跑去。
A fine for this offence is automatic. 这种违法行为当然要罚款。
Promotion was almost automatic after two or three years. 两三年后几乎是自动获得晋升。
Breathing is an automatic function of the body. 呼吸是一种无意识的身体功能。
My reaction was automatic. 我的反应是不由自主的。
automatic doors 自动门 
an automatic rifle 自动步枪 
The machine is fully automatic. 这台机器是全自动的。

having, showing, or caused by strong feelings or beliefs:拥有、表现出或由强烈的感觉或信念引起
arising from intense feelings of sexual love:源于强烈的性爱感觉
passionate |ˈpaʃənət| Adjective/:热情的,多情
passionate pleas for help:passionate请求帮助
a passionate kiss:一个热情的吻

n. [U] 赌博、赌钱:
gambling |[ˈgæmblɪŋ]
Gambling is a form of entertainment. 赌博是一种娱乐。
He went to a psychiatrist about his compulsive gambling. 他去看精神科医生以戒除赌瘾。
The police are trying to stop all illegal gambling. 警方正设法禁止一切非法赌博活动。
legal, legalized gambling 合法赌博 
interactive, Internet, online 互动赌博；互联网赌博；线上赌博 
casino, casino-stye gambling 赌场赌博 
gambling casino, gambling club（尤英）, gambling den 赌场；赌博俱乐部；赌窟 
gambling table 赌桌 
gambling site, gambling web-site 赌博网站 
gambling business, gambling operation 赌博业；赌博活动 
gambling industry 博彩业 
gambling debt 赌债 
She ran up gambling debts worth thousands. 她的赌债累计已达数干英镑。
gambling revenue 赌博收入 
gambling laws, gambling legislation 赌博法；赌博立法 
gambling man 赌徒 
If I were a gambling man, I'd put my money on him resigning soon. 我要是个赌徒的话，就会赌他马上辞职。
gambling addict 嗜赌者 
gambling addiction, gambling habit, gambling problem 嗜赌成瘾；好赌；赌瘾           

n. 1 [U]（某类人或某个活动领域特有的）思维方式；解释方法；逻辑:
2 [U, sing.] 道理，逻辑性或合理性:
n. [U] [计算机] 逻辑系统；操作规则:
n. [U] [哲学] 逻辑学:
logic |[ˈlɒdʒɪk;美ˈlɑ:dʒɪk]
The two parts of the plan were governed by the same logic. 计划的两个部分均受到了同一思维方式的制约。
compelling, impeccable, inexorable logic 令人信服的推理；无懈可击的逻辑推理；无法改变的推理 
faulty, flawed logic 错误的逻辑推理 
In their faulty logic, this is a great injustice. 按照他们的错误逻辑，这是严重的不公正。
perverse, strange, twisted logic 荒谬的逻辑；奇怪的逻辑；反常的逻辑 
This is clearly a case of circular logic. 这显然是循环推理。
The plan had a simple logic to it. 该计划包含着简单的逻辑。
He understood the basic logic of deterrence. 他理解威慑的基本逻辑。
inherent, inner, internal, underlying logic 内在的逻辑 
The music has its own inner logic. 这音乐有其内在的逻辑。
business, commercial, economic, political, scientific logic 经营逻辑；商业逻辑；经济逻辑；政治逻辑；科学逻辑 
It's a stupid decision that completely defies logic. 这个决定很愚蠢，完全违背了逻辑。
You can't use the same logic in dealing with children. 对孩子你不能用同样的逻辑。
They questioned the logic underlying his actions. 他们质疑他行为背后的逻辑。
What's the logic behind this decision? 这一决定背后的逻辑是什么? 
There doesn't seem to be any logic in the move. 这一行动似乎毫无道理。
The logic of this argument is very obscure. 这一论据的逻辑很费解。
Linking the proposals in a single package did have a certain logic. 把这些提议联系起来成为一揽子提议确有一定的道理。
There is no logic to/in any of their claims. 他们的任何索赔都不具正当的理由。
I don't follow the logic of your argument. 我不明白你的论点逻辑性何在。
There would be no logic in upsetting the agreements. 把协议推翻在逻辑上站不住脚。
formal logic 形式逻辑 
mathematical logic 数理逻辑 
deductive, inductive logic 演绎逻辑；归纳逻辑 
fuzzy 模糊逻辑 
Philosophers use logic to prove their arguments. 哲学家用逻辑推理来证明他们的论点。
the rules of logic 逻辑学规则

n. [C] theory (that)（虽未经证明，但提出者相信是正确的）观点（或看法，意见，推测）:
n. 1 [C, U] 试图解释某事物的一种正式想法或一系列想法，即理论，学说:
2 [U] 某一实践性学科或技能所基于的理论或原理，即基础理论:
theory |['θɪərɪ]
There was a theory that he didn’t love her. 有种观点认为他不爱她。
I have this theory that ... 依我看… 
Police are working on the theory that the murderer was known to the family. 警方的工作基于一种猜测，即凶手是那家人的熟人。
One of her pet theories is that people who restrict their calorie intake live longer. 她中意的论调之一就是限制热量摄入的人更长寿。
a conspiracy theory 阴谋论
the theory of relativity 相对论 
to produce a new theory about the origin of language 提出一个关于语言起源的新理论 
economic theory 经济学理论 
Marxist theory 马克思主义理论 
chaos, evolutionary, game, number, probability, quantum theory 混沌理论；进化论；博弈论；数论；概率论；量子理论 
a set of theory 一套理论 
music theory 乐理 
to put (the) theory into practice 把理论运用到实践中 
In theory, these machines should last for ten years. 理论上，这些机器应该能用十年。

n. [sing.] 已下载的数据资料:
vt. 下载:
download |['daʊn͵ləʊd]
to download the material to the disk 将资料下载到磁盘里

vt. 成为（…存在或某事极有可能发生的）标志，即预示，相当于indicate。二者未见明显差别:
n. [C] 作为…的存在或发生之标志的一次事件、行动或一个事实，也可叫做标志，信号，相当于indication:
vt. 做某事以表达自己的感情或观点:
n. [C]（例如向收音机或电视机）传输声音、图像或消息等的一系列电波，即信号:
n. [C]（向某人或某事物传递信息、指令、警告等所用的）信号，暗号，类似于sign:
vt.＆vi. signal (to sb) 向某人发信号（如做出某种动作或发出某种声音）来传达消息、命令等:
n. [C]（尤指铁路和公路上的）指示灯，信号灯，红绿灯:
adj. [正式] 只作前置定语，重要的，重大的:
signal |['sɪɡnəl]
This announcement signalled a clear change of policy. 这则声明预示政策有明显的改变。
The scandal surely signals the end of his political career. 毫无疑问，这桩丑闻预示他的政治生涯就此结束。
A fall in demand does not necessarily signal the death of the industry. 需求的减少并不一定意味着该行业走向穷途末路。
The rise in inflation is a clear signal that the government’s policies are not working. 通货膨胀率的上升清楚地表明，政府的政策不起作用。
Chest pains can be a warning signal of heart problems. 胸部疼痛可能是心脏病的报警信号。
Reducing prison sentences would send the wrong signals to criminals. 减刑会向犯罪分子发出错误的信号。
He signalled his discontent by refusing to vote. 他拒绝投票以示不满。
She has signalled (that) she is willing to stand as a candidate. 她表示愿意作为候选人参加竞选。
audio, digital, electrical, light, radar, satellite, television signal 音频信号；数字信号；电信号；光信号；雷达信号；卫星信号；电视信号 
signal strength 信号强度
They fired three distress signals. 他们发射了三次遇难求救信号。
prearranged signal事先约定的信号 
alarm, danger signal 报警信号；危险信号 
hand, smoke signal 手势；烟雾信号 
The insect’s yellow spots act as a warning signal to its predators. 昆虫身上的黄点是向其天敌发出的警告信号。
She made a signal for the car to stop. 她打了个手势，让汽车停下了。
Don’t fire until I signal. 等我发出信号后再开枪。
Did you signal before you turned right? 右转弯前你示意了吗？
She tried to signal to the bus driver to stop. 她试图打手势让公共汽车司机停车。
The referee signalled a foul. 裁判鸣哨示意犯规。
He signalled to the waiter for the bill. 他示意服务员结账。
She signalled (that) it was time to leave. 她示意该走了。
The traffic signals were on red. 交通信号灯亮着红灯。
a stop signal 停车信号 
signal failure（英）信号灯故障 
railroad（美）, railway（英）signal 铁路信号灯
a signal honour 极大的荣誉

able to be trusted as being accurate or true; reliable:能够被信任为准确或真实；可靠的
(of a text) considered to be the best of its kind and unlikely to be improved upon:(ofatext)被认为是同类中最好的，不太可能改进
commanding and self-confident; likely to be respected and obeyed:指挥和自信；可能会受到尊重和服从
proceeding from an official source and requiring compliance or obedience:来自官方来源并要求遵守或服从
authoritative |ɔːˈθɒrɪtətɪv| Adjective/:权威性,权威的
clear, authoritative information and advice:clear，权威信息和建议
this is likely to become the authoritative study of the subject:this很有可能成为该学科的权威研究
his voice was calm and authoritative:他的声音平静而权威
authoritative directives:authoritative指令

adj.（某种液体混合物）没有任何结块的，混合均匀的:
adj.（嗓音或音乐）悦耳的，圆润的，没有任何粗糙感或令人不悦的声音的:
adj.（运动）平稳且规则的，没有任何停止和启动的，如稳定而流畅的:
adj. [常贬] 人（尤指男人和其行为）非常有礼貌且让人感觉愉悦但常不是真诚的，可称为圆滑的、八面玲珑的，相当于smarmy:
vt. smooth sth on/into/over sth 将一层柔软物质均匀置于食物表面:
adj.（饮料或味道）宜人且不苦涩的，如醇和的，香醇的:
vt. smooth sth on/into/over sth 将一层柔软物质均匀置于某个表面上:
adj. 完全平整、平坦、平滑、光滑的，没有任何隆起、坑洼或粗糙区域的。是此义的常规用词。与rough相对立:
vt. smooth sth (back/down/out) 使某事物平整、平坦、平滑或光滑:
adj. 发生或持续得顺利（而不遇到任何问题）的:
smooth |[smu:ð]
Mix the flour with the milk to form a smooth paste. 把面粉和牛奶和成均匀的面糊。
The car’s improved suspension gives you a smoother ride. 汽车悬架经过改进，乘坐起来更平稳。
The plane made a smooth landing. 飞机平稳降落。
She swung herself over the gate in one smooth movement. 她从门上一跃而过。
I don’t like him. He’s far too smooth for me. 我不喜欢他。我觉得他太圆滑。
a smooth operator 八面玲珑的滑头
Smooth the icing over the top of the cake. 在蛋糕顶上均匀地铺一层糖霜。
This coffee has a smooth, rich taste. 这种咖啡味道醇厚。
Smooth the icing over the top of the cake. 在蛋糕顶上均匀地一层糖霜。
to make your skin feel soft and smooth 使皮肤柔软光滑 
The water was as smooth as glass. 水平如镜。
Over the years, the stone steps had worn smooth. 日久天长，石阶已经磨得光溜溜的了。
He took the letter and smoothed it flat on the table. 他接过信，在桌上展平。
She smoothed his hair gently. 她轻轻地抚平他的头发。
Use an iron to smooth out any creases. 用熨斗把褶皱熨平。
the smooth running of the business 公司的平稳运转 
a smooth transfer of political power 政权的顺利交接 
a fairly smooth transition to democracy 向民主制度相当顺利的过渡 
The process of negotiation was not entirely smooth. 谈判过程并非一帆风顺。

n. 1 [C] 拥有某一宗旨的大型重要机构，如大学、教堂、银行等:
2 [C] [常贬] 社会福利机构，如照顾老年人、儿童或精神病患者的福利机构、孤儿院、收容所等:
n. [C] [非正式，幽默] 因长时间在某地（或从事某项工作）而广为人知的一个人:
n. [U] 建立或制定一个新的体系、制度、法律、规程等:
n. [C] 在某一群人中由来已久的风俗或制度（该风俗或制度常被作为该社会群体的典型特征）:
n. [C] 拥有某一宗旨的大型重要机构，其含义包括大学:
institution |[͵ɪnstɪ'tju:ʃn]
government institution 政府机构 
non-profit institution 非营利性机构 
academic, education, research institution 学术机构；教育机构；研究机构 
banking, financial institution 银行机构；金融机构 
charitable, legal, military, religious, medical institution 慈善机构；法律机构；军事机构；宗教机构；医疗机构 
He has been in an institution since he was six. 他六岁起就在孤儿院生活。
mental institution 精神病院 
correctional（美）, penal institution 管教机构；刑罚机构 
state institution（美）国家收容机构
an institution around the town 镇子里的知名人士
the official institution of censorship 审查制度的正式建立
the institution of marriage 婚姻制度 
a national institution 民族风俗 
cultural, legal, political, religious, social institution 文化习俗；法律制度；政治制度；宗教习俗；社会习俗 
mainstream institution 主流习俗 
the institution of slavery 奴隶制
academic, education, higher-education, research institution 学术机构；教育机构；高等教育机构；研究机构 
a medical institution 医学院校

n. [C] vehicle (for sth) 表达思想、感情、或达成某事所使用的媒介，即手段，工具:
n. [C] launch vehicle 可表示运载火箭:
n. [C] vehicle (for sth) 表达思想、感情、或达成某事所使用的媒介，即手段，工具:
n. [C] [相对正式] 交通工具的总称，尤指车辆，又尤指机动车辆。是此义的常规用词，极为常用:
vehicle |['vi:ɪkl]
His art is a vehicle for his self-expression. 他的艺术是他借以表达自己的一种工具。
an investment vehicle 投资工具 
The play is a perfect vehicle for her talents. 这出戏让她能够充分发挥自己的才华。
the main vehicle of communication for students 学生相互交流的主要媒介
His art is a vehicle for his self-expression. 他的艺术是他借以表达自己的一种工具。
an investment vehicle 投资工具 
The play is a perfect vehicle for her talents. 这出戏让她能够充分发挥自己的才华。
the main vehicle of communication for students 学生相互交流的主要媒介
launch vehicle 运载火箭 
horse-drawn, motor vehicle 马拉的交通工具；机动车辆 
electric, hybrid vehicle 电动车；混合动力车 
diesel vehicle 柴油车 
tracked, wheeled vehicle 履带车辆；有轮车辆 
off-road vehicle 越野车 
sport utility vehicle（缩写为SUV）运动型多功能车 
luxury vehicle 豪华车 
private vehicle 私家车 
passenger vehicle 客车 
commercial vehicle 商用车 
goods vehicle（英）货车 
rescue vehicle 救援车辆 
police vehicle 警车 
fighting, military vehicle 战车；军车 
vehicle emissions 机动车尾气排放 
vehicle maintenance 车辆维护

n. [C] ~ of sth（某一事物肆虐造成的）灾害、祸患:
vt. ~ sb/sth (with sth)（尤指通过要求某事物、要求别人的注意等而）给某人造成烦扰或麻烦，如纠缠:
n. 1 [U]（也可用the plague）老鼠传播的一种疾病，可引起发热、肿胀且通常致死，即腺鼠疫、腹股沟淋巴结鼠疫。相当于bubonic plague:
2 [C] 导致很多人死亡的一种传染病:
n. [C] 令人头疼的事物，如烦扰:
vt. ~ sb/sth (with sth) 给某人或某事物造成一段时间的痛苦或麻烦:
plague |[pleɪg]
The region has just suffered a plague of locusts. 该地区刚刚遭受了蝗灾。
The city is suffering a plague of rats. 这座城市正在闹鼠灾。
Last year there was a plague of robbery and housebreaking. 去年抢劫和入室行窃成灾。
Rock stars have to get used to being plagued by autograph hunters. 摇滚歌星必须习惯歌迷要求签名的纠缠。
I'm not going to plague you with a lot more questions, Miss Culver. 卡尔弗小姐，我不会再问更多的问题来烦你了。
Tommy Cook had been plaguing Pinner for months. 汤米·库克已纠缠平纳好几个月了。
a fresh outbreak of plague 新一轮鼠疫的爆发 
illnesses such as smallpox, typhus and the plague 像天花、伤寒和鼠疫这样的疾病 
Bubonic plague struck London in 1665. 1665年伦敦爆发了腺鼠疫。
Nearly a third of the population died in the Great Plague. 近三分之一的人口在伦敦大瘟疫中丧生。
the plague of AIDS 艾滋病这种严重的传染病 
A cholera plague had been killing many prisoners of war at the time. 当时霍乱疫情已在夺去很多战俘的生命。
Fleas spread plague from animals to humans. 跳蚤将鼠疫从动物传染给人类
Inflation will remain a recurrent plague. 通货膨胀将继续成为周期性的烦扰。
Tim seems to have escaped the cynicism which is the absolute plague of our generation. 蒂姆好像并没有染上我们这代人愤世嫉俗的通病。
to be plagued by doubt 为疑虑所困扰 
Financial problems are plaguing the company. 财政问题使这家公司焦头烂额。
The team has been plagued by injury this season. 本赛季这支队一直为队员受伤所困扰。
She was plagued by weakness, fatigue, and dizziness. 她感觉体虚、疲倦、头昏眼花。
Fears about job security plague nearly half the workforce. 几乎一半的员工担心失业。
