seashore					海岸
along					向前，一起，沿着，到
stretch					撑大，拉紧，舒展，耗尽，一段
several					几个，各自的
barrier					障碍
occupation				居住，占领，职业
numerous					许多的
milestones				里程碑，转折点
indigenous				当地的，土著的
population				种群，人口
colonial					殖民地的
settlements				定居点，协议
eventually				最终
vacation					假期
getaway					逃跑，短假
industrialist				工业家
maritime					海运的，海洋的
add to					增加
charm					魅力，吸引
lush						茂盛的，豪华的
ecosystem					生态系统
array					系列，数组，服装，排列
herd						群，民众，放牧
feral					野生的
\\\\\\\\


an area of sandy, stony, or rocky land bordering and level with the sea.:一块与海接壤并与海平齐的沙地、多石或多岩石的土地。
the land between high- and low-water marks.:高低水位线之间的陆地。
seashore |ˈsiːʃɔː| Noun/:海滨,海边

adv. 与某人一起或一道:
adv. 一直。不太常用:
adv. 向前:
adv. 朝向一个更好的状态或位置:
prep. 1 从一段到（或向）另一端，即顺着，沿着:
2 沿着长事物的边缘（如沿着河流的边缘，即沿着河岸等）:
3 在长事物上的一个点上；或在长事物旁边的一个点上:
along |[ə'lɒŋ]
We’re going for a swim. Why don’t you come along? 我们要去游泳。你为什么不一起去？
I’ll be along in a few minutes. 过一会儿我就来。
She escaped from the fire along with two other children. 她和其他两个孩子一起从火里逃了出来。
the negotiations which have been dragging along interminably 这场一直以来拖沓的谈判
I was just walking along. 我向前走着。
to drive along 向前行驶
The book’s coming along nicely. 这本书愈来愈好看了。
They walked slowly along the road. 他们沿公路慢慢走。
I looked along the shelves for the book I needed. 我在书架上一格一格地找我需要的那本书。
Houses had been built along both sides of the river. 沿河两岸已盖起了房屋。
You’ll find his office just along the corridor. 沿着走廊你就可以找到他的办公室。
enormous traffic jams all along the roads 各条道路上严重的交通堵塞

vi.（一个群体）包括（各种事物）:
n. [C] 连续的一段时间。相当于spell:
vi. 延续一段时间或时期:
vt. 大量地使用时间，如耗尽、竭尽:
vt.&vi.（例如通过拉伸）（使）某事物变得更长:
vt.&vi.（例如通过拉伸）（使）某事物变得更松:
vt. 将某事物拉紧、绷紧:
vt.&vi.（例如通过拉伸）（使）某事物变得更长、更宽或更松:
vt.&vi.（身体）舒展（如伸展胳膊和腿）:
n. [C, U] 身体或肢体的伸展、舒展:
vt.&vi. 伸出或伸长胳膊、腿以够到东西:
vt. 大量地使用金钱、时间、供应物等，如耗尽、竭尽:
vt. 充分发挥某人的全部技能、才智等:
vt. 不公平或不可接受地使用某事物（如实情、信条）:
vi.（织物）有弹性、有弹力:
n. [U] 织物的弹性或伸缩性:
adj.（织物）有弹性的:
n. [C] ~ (of sth) 一片水域，尤指一长片水域:
n. [C] ~ (of sth) 一片土地，尤指一长片土地:
vi. 覆盖一片空间（如地域）或距离，如延伸、绵延。相当于extend:
vt. 充分发挥某人的全部技能、才智等:
vt. 不公平或不可接受地使用某事物（如实情、信条）:
n. [C, usually sing.] 速度比赛终点的直道部分。相当于straight:
vt. 大量地使用金钱，如耗尽、竭尽:
vi. ~ (to sth)（用于否定句和疑问句）（一笔钱）足够买（或支付）:
vi. ~ (to sth)（用于否定句和疑问句）（一笔钱）刚能够节约下来:
vt.&vi. 节俭地使用一定数量的某事物，以延长其使用时间:
n. [C, usually sing.] [非正式] 某人的服刑期:
stretch |[stretʃ]
a trading empire, with interests that stretched from chemicals to sugar 从化学制品到食糖均有涉足的贸易帝国                   
They worked in four-hour stretches. 他们工作四小时一班。
She used to read for hours at a stretch (= without stopping). 她以前看书常常连看几小时。
He was fluent in French, having spent stretches of time in Southern France. 他曾在法国南部呆过一段时间，法语流利。
after an 18-month stretch in the army 在部队生活了 18 个月后 
The students have now entered the final stretch of their course. 学生们现已进入课程的最后阶段。
He went through a tough stretch last year but things are better now. 去年他经历了一段艰难时期，现在情况好多了。
She had been unhappy for long stretches of her life. 她一生中很多时间生活得并不快乐。
The town's history stretches back to before 1500. 该城的历史可以上溯到1500年以前。
The talks look set to stretch into a second week. 看来谈判十有八九要延续到下个星期了。
as anti-abortion protests stretched into their second week 随着反堕胎抗议进入第二周 
a working day that stretches from seven in the morning to eight at night 从早上 7 点持续到晚上 8 点的工作日 
Endless summer days stretched out before us. 无尽的夏日在等待着我们。
The future stretched out endlessly in front of me. 未来我前面的路还有很长很长。
We can't take on any more work? we're fully stretched as it is. 我们不能再接别的工作了，我们已经是在拼命了。
The cables are designed not to stretch. 该电缆不能拉伸。
Ease the pastry into the corners of the tin, making sure you don't stretch it. 将油酥面团小心地移至烤盘的各角，注意不要把它拉长。
Is there any way of stretching shoes? 有什么办法能把鞋撑大吗？
This sweater has stretched. 这件毛衣给撑得变形了。
Stretch the fabric tightly over the frame. 把布在架子上绷紧。
Make sure that the rope is stretched tight. 务必要把绳子拉紧。
Striped awnings had been stretched across the courtyard. 条纹雨蓬被撑开架在院子上方。
Is there any way of stretching shoes? 有什么办法能把鞋撑大吗？
This sweater has stretched. 这件毛衣给撑得变形了。
The cables are designed not to stretch. 该电缆不能拉伸。
Ease the pastry into the corners of the tin, making sure you don't stretch it. 将油酥面团小心地移至烤盘的各角，注意不要把它拉长。           
He stretched and yawned lazily. 他伸了伸懒腰，打了个哈欠。
He turned out the light and stretched full-length on the bed. 他关了灯，舒展全身躺到了床上。
He stretched out on the couch and watched TV. 他四肢伸开躺在沙发上看电视。
The exercises are designed to stretch and tone your leg muscles. 这些活动目的在于伸展和增强你的腿部肌肉。
Try stretching your legs and pulling your toes upwards. 试着双腿伸直并且向上拉伸脚趾。
Only do these more difficult stretches when you are warmed up. 要做了准备活动以后再做这些较难的伸展运动。
First let's warm up by doing some stretches. 咱们先做一些伸展运动热热身。
Her arms were at full stretch. 她双臂完全伸开。
Stay in this position and feel the stretch in your legs. 保持这个姿势，体会腿部绷紧的感觉。
Hold the stretch for a count of ten. 保持伸展姿势，一直数到十。
Have a good stretch from time to time to prevent yourself getting stiff. 不时充分伸展一下筋骨，以防身体变僵。
We got out of the car and had a good stretch. 我们下车好好舒展了一下身体。
She stretched up to reach the top shelf. 她伸手向上去够顶层架子。
She stretched across the table for the butter. 她伸手到桌子那头去拿黄油。
I stretched out a hand and picked up the book. 我伸出一只手，把书捡起来。
The influx of refugees has stretched the country's resources to the limit. 难民的大量涌入把这个国家的资源消耗殆尽。
The drought there is stretching American resources. 那里的旱灾正在耗尽美国的财力物力。
Public expenditure was being stretched to the limit by having to support 3 million unemployed people. 因为要救济 300 万失业人口，公共支出即将被耗尽。
The increase in demand has severely stretched our resources. 需求的增加极大地消耗了我们的资源。
We can't take on any more work? we're fully stretched as it is. 我们不能再接别的工作了，我们已经是在拼命了。
Don't stretch yourself too thin financially. 不要在财务上搞得力不从心。
Both parties have financially stretched themselves by taking on substantial mortgages. 双方均有巨额抵押贷款，财务方面都有些力不从心。
This department is stretched to its limit. 这个部门已经达到运转极限。
Our forces are too thinly stretched to control the chaos. 我们的部队人员不足，已经无力控制混乱状况了。
I need a job that will stretch me. 我需要一份让我能充分发挥才智的工作。
I'm trying to move on and stretch myself with something different. 我正想换工作，想尝试点不一样的事情来挑战一下自己。
They criticized the quality of teaching, claiming pupils were not stretched enough. 他们批评教学质量太差，声称没有使学生们发挥出潜质。
He admitted that he had maybe stretched the truth a little (= not been completely honest). 他承认可能有点言过其实了。
The play's plot stretches credulity to the limit. 这出戏的剧情简直就是胡编滥造。
The jeans stretch to provide a perfect fit. 这条牛仔裤有弹性，可以完全贴身。
You need a material with plenty of stretch in it. 你需要一种弹性很大的布料。
stretch fabrics such as Lycra. 莱卡等有弹性的织物 
stretch cotton swimsuits 弹力棉制泳衣 
stretch jeans 弹力牛仔裤
You rarely see boats on this stretch of the river. 这一河段船只罕见。
This stretch of Lost River was broader and deeper. 洛斯特里弗的这片水域又宽又深。
A great stretch of ocean lay beneath them. 他们下方是一大片辽阔的海洋。
The festival is being held on a stretch of parkland near the river. 庆祝活动在河边一片公共绿地上举行。
a straight stretch of road 一段笔直的公路 
a particularly dangerous stretch of road 特别危险的路段 
There are tailbacks along a 10-mile stretch of the motorway. 高速公路上，车子排起了10英里的长龙。
an unspoilt stretch of coastline 一段未破坏原貌的海岸线 
a wild uninhabited coastal stretch 一段荒无人迹的海岸 
an empty stretch of beach 一片空旷的海滩
The beach stretches for five miles. 海滩绵延五英里。
The beach seemed to stretch endlessly. 海滩好像长得没有尽头。
Fields and hills stretched out as far as we could see. 放眼望去，田野山丘绵延不绝。
The wood does not stretch very far. 这片树林不算太大。
an area which stretches from London to the north 伦敦以北地区 
The road stretched ahead. 道路向前方延伸。
A line of cars stretched into the distance. 车辆的长龙一直排到很远。
The procession stretched for several miles. 游行队伍长达数英里。
He had burns that stretched from his neck to his hips. 他从脖子到臀部均被烧伤。
I need a job that will stretch me. 我需要一份让我能充分发挥才智的工作。
I'm trying to move on and stretch myself with something different. 我正想换工作，想尝试点不一样的事情来挑战一下自己。
They criticized the quality of teaching, claiming pupils were not stretched enough. 他们批评教学质量太差，声称没有使学生们发挥出潜质。
He admitted that he had maybe stretched the truth a little (= not been completely honest). 他承认可能有点言过其实了。
The play's plot stretches credulity to the limit. 这出戏的剧情简直就是胡编滥造。
the finishing/home stretch 终点直道 
The campaign has entered its final stretch.（比喻用法）竞选已进入最后冲刺阶段。
She felt a renewed burst of energy for the final stretch. 在最后一段，她感到能量重新爆发了出来。
The drought there is stretching American resources. 那里的旱灾正在耗尽美国的财力物力。
Public expenditure was being stretched to the limit by having to support 3 million unemployed people. 因为要救济 300 万失业人口，公共支出即将被耗尽。
Don't stretch yourself too thin financially. 不要在财务上搞得力不从心。
Both parties have financially stretched themselves by taking on substantial mortgages. 双方均有巨额抵押贷款，财务方面都有些力不从心。
I need a new car, but my savings won't stretch to it. 我需要一辆新车，但我的积蓄不够。
She suggested to me that I might like to start regular savings and I said Well, I don't know whether I can stretch to that. 她建议我可以开始定期存钱，我说我还不知道钱是不是够花呢。
They're used to stretching their budgets. 他们习惯于精打细算。
During his senior year his earnings stretched far enough to buy an old car. 他上年纪时省下的收入足够买一辆旧车了。
He did a ten-year stretch for fraud. 他因欺诈罪服刑十年。

adj. [正式] 各自的。不太常用:
det., pron. 多于两个，但又不是非常多的，即几个，数个，若干:
several |['sevərəl]
They said goodbye and went their several ways. 他们道别后，便各自走了。
several books 几本书 
Several more people than usual came to the meeting. 到会的人比平时多了几个。
Several of the paintings were destroyed in the fire. 那些画有好几幅被大火烧毁了。

barrier (against sth) 存在于两个事物或人之间，将彼此分隔开的东西，即屏障、分界线、隔阂:
n. 1 [C] barrier (to sth) 阻止人做某事（或使某事不可能发生或完成）的一个问题、规则或情况，即障碍、阻力、关卡、壁垒。是一个基础和常规用词:
2 [sing.] 难以逾越的数量或水平等，即关口、大关:
n. [C] 像栅栏一样，阻止人从一地运动到另一地的一个东西，即关卡、屏障、障碍物:
barrier |['bærɪə]
a natural barrier between the city and the desert 这座城市和沙漠之间的一道天然屏障 
The mountains form a natural barrier between the two countries. 这条山脉是分隔两国的天然屏障。
the barrier against air pollution 防止空气污染的一道屏障 
the barrier between ideal and reality 理想和现实之间的界线
class, cultural, language, racial, age, trade barrier 阶级隔阂；文化壁垒；语言障碍；种族隔阂；年龄障碍；贸易壁垒 
invisible barrier 无形的障碍 
artificial barrier 人为的障碍 
They believe that music can cross any barriers. 他们相信音乐可以跨越任何障碍。
a barrier to communication 沟通障碍 
to remove the psychological barrier 消除心理障碍 
The unemployment will soon break the barrier of three million. 失业人数不久将突破300万大关。
crash, safety（尤英）, security（英）barrier（公路的）防撞护栏；安全护栏 
There was a slow trickle of people through the barriers. 稀疏的人流缓慢地穿过关卡。
Please show your ticket at the barrier.（英）请在检票口出示您的票。

n. [C] 花费时间的方式，尤指花费业余时间的方式:
n. [U] 对建筑物、房屋、土地等的使用（如居住），即占用。为正式用法:
n. [C] 一份工作或职业。使用场合相对正式:
n. [U] 对一地的军事占领，也可指占领期:
occupation |[͵ɒkju'peɪʃn]
Her main occupation seems to be shopping. 逛商店购物似乎是她的主要消遣。
land occupation 土地占用 
You can only take up occupation once the tenancy has been signed.（英）你签了租赁合同后才能入住。
The houses will be ready for occupation by March.（尤英）这些房子三月份便可入住。
Please state your name, age and occupation below. 请在下面写上姓名、年龄和职业。
full-time occupation 全职工作 
managerial, professional, technical occupation 管理工作；专业工作；技术工作 
unskilled occupation 无需一定技能的职业 
blue-collar, white-collar occupation 蓝领职业；白领职业 
service occupations such as cleaning and catering 诸如清洁、餐饮之类的服务业工作 
civilian occupation文职工作 
dangerous occupation 危险职业
foreign occupation 外国占领 
military occupation 军事占领 
colonial occupation 殖民占领 
illegal occupation 非法占领 
occupation force 占领军 
during the occupation 占领期间 
Part of Britain was under Roman occupation. 不列颠的部分领土曾被罗马人占领。

adj. [正式]（存在）众多的、大量的:
numerous |[ˈnju:mərəs;美ˈnu:-]
He has been late on numerous occasions. 他已经迟到过无数次了。
The advantages of this system are too numerous to mention. 这套系统的好处不胜枚举。
The related publications are far too numerous to list individually. 相关出版物太多，没法一一列举。
Sex crimes were just as numerous as they are today. 当时性犯罪和现在一样多。
Despite numerous attempts to diet, her weight soared. 尽管多次尝试节食，她的体重仍然飙升了。
The errors are numerous enough to put off serious scholars. 错误之多足以使严谨的学者不忍卒读。


milestones | 里程碑,里程

adj. ~ (to…) [正式] 土生土长的（而非来自其它地方的），即本地的、当地的:
indigenous |[ɪnˈdɪdʒənəs]
the indigenous peoples of the area, the indigenous languages of the area 该地区的本地人；该地区的本地语言 
indigenous music 本地音乐 
the country's indigenous population 该国的本土人口 
animals that are indigenous to Asia 原产于亚洲的动物 
The kangaroo is indigenous to Australia. 袋鼠原产于澳大利亚。
The tree is indigenous to China. 这树原产于中国。

n. [C] 居住在某一地区的某一群动物，此时可叫做种群，是一种正式用法:
n. 1 [C, U] 居住在一个地区、城市或国家的所有人；（居住在上述地区的）人口的数量。是一个整体性的数字概念，本身并不附加任何特征:
2 [C] 居住在某一地区的某一群人:
population |[͵pɒpju'leɪʃn][͵pɒpju'leɪʃn]
natural populations of plants and animals 植物和动物的自然种群 
bird, fish population 鸟类种群；鱼类种群
global, national population 全球人口；全国人口 
the entire population of the town 全镇的居民 
countries with ageing populations 人口老龄化的国家 
population levels, population size 人口数量；人口规模 
population density 人口密度 
population census 人口普查 
the growing Hispanic population in the United States 美国不断增长的西班牙裔人口 
native population 本地人口 
immigrant population 移民人口 
resident population 常住人口 
adult population 成年人口 
female population 女性人口 
working population 就业人口 
student population 学生人数 
prison population 监狱人数 
rural population 农村人口 
major population centres/centers along the coast 沿海主要居民区 
the general population 普通百姓 
human populations 人类群体

relating to or characteristic of a colony or colonies:关于一个或多个殖民地的或特征的
denoting a predominantly neoclassical style of architecture characteristic of the period of the British colonies in America before independence, featuring a modification of the Queen Anne style:表示以新古典主义为主的建筑风格，具有独立前英国在美洲殖民地时期的特征，以安妮女王风格的修改为特色
(of animals or plants) living in colonies:（动物或植物）生活在殖民地
a native or inhabitant of a colony:殖民地的本地人或居民
a house built in colonial style:一栋殖民风格的房子
colonial |kəˈləʊnɪəl| Adjective/Noun/:,殖民地
British colonial rule:英国殖民统治
beautiful colonial villages of New Hampshire:美丽的新罕布什尔殖民地村庄
corals can be solitary or colonial:corals可以是单独的也可以是群居的
a rebellion by Dutch-speaking colonials:荷兰语殖民地的叛乱
the house was a 1903 colonial:房子是1903年的殖民地


settlements | 定居点,聚落

adv. 在一段时间或一系列事件的最后（或最终）:
eventually |[ɪ'ventʃʊəlɪ]
Our flight eventually left five hours late. 我们的班机最终晚了五个小时起飞。

n. 1 [C] 在英国可指大学的假期或法庭的休庭期；在美国可指学校的假期或法庭的休庭期:
2 [U, C] [美] 离家出去旅行（或出去休息）的一段时间，即度假期，相当于holiday:
vi. [美] 在某处度假或休假，相当于holiday:
vacation |[və'keɪʃn;veɪ-]
school vacation 学校假期 
paid vacation 带薪假期 
summer vacation 暑假 
annual vacation 年假 
vacation day 假日 
vacation pay 假期工资 
family vacation 家庭度假 
beach vacation 海滨度假 
European vacation 去欧洲的度假 
vacation trip 度假之旅 
vacation resort 度假胜地 
vacation cottage 度假小屋 
They are currently vacationing in Florida. 他们目前正在佛罗里达州度假。

an escape or quick departure, especially after committing a crime:逃跑或快速离开，尤其是在犯罪之后
a short holiday:
a holiday destination:一个度假胜地
getaway |ˈɡɛtəweɪ| Noun/:逃离,逍遥游
the thieves made their getaway:小偷逃走了
a weekend getaway:周末度假
the island getaway of Penang:槟城的岛屿度假胜地

n. [C] 工业家；实业家；工厂主:
industrialist |[ɪnˈdʌstriəlɪst]
prominent Japanese industrialists 杰出的日本实业家

connected with the sea, especially in relation to seaborne trade or naval matters:与海洋有关，尤其是与海运贸易或海军事务有关的
living or found in or near the sea:livingorfoundinornearthesea
bordering on the sea:临海
(of climate) moist and temperate owing to the influence of the sea:（气候的）受海洋影响潮湿和温带
maritime |ˈmarɪtʌɪm| Adjective/:,海事
a maritime museum:a海事博物馆
dolphins and other maritime mammals:海豚和其他海洋哺乳动物
two species of Diptera occur in the maritime Antarctic:两种双翅目出现在南极海域
native and exotic plants flourish in the mild maritime climate on the Lleyn Peninsula:Lleyn半岛温和的海洋性气候中，本地和外来植物蓬勃发展

n. 1 [U] 令人愉悦或吸引人的一种能力，即魅力、吸引力:
2 [C] 迷人的一种特质:
vt.&vi. 吸引或迷住某人（使其喜欢你，或为你做事）:
vt.（以魔法或似有魔法）控制某人或某事物，或以此方式来保护某人或某事物:
n. [C] 魔法；有魔力的物品:
n. [C] 咒语、符咒。相当于spell:
n. [C]（链或手镯上的）吉祥小饰物:
charm |[tʃɑ:m;美tʃɑ:rm]
a man of great charm 富有魅力的男人 
a woman of considerable charm 相当有魅力的女子 
His natural charm and wit made him very popular. 他天生的魅力和聪颖使他很受欢迎。
personal charm 个人魅力 
boyish, feminine charm 男孩子气的魅力；女性的魅力 
a politician with a folky charm（美）具有亲民魅力的一位政治家 
to turn on his charm 施展他的魅力 
I nagged him for a week and used all my feminine charm. 我缠了他一周，施展了我所有的女性魅力。
He oozes charm, but I wouldn't trust him. 他充满魅力，但我不会相信他。
The hotel is full of charm and character. 这家旅馆风格独特，极具吸引力。
The village still retains a lot of its old-world charm. 这个村庄依然保留着许多古色古香的魅力。
The area is a little run-down, but that's just part of its charm. 这地方有点儿破败，不过这正是其魅力的一部分。
The dining room was dark and gloomy, and the food was similarly lacking in charm. 这个餐厅昏暗阴郁，饭菜也同样没有吸引力。
'Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs', the 1937 Disney classic, has lost none of its original charm. 1937年迪斯尼推出的经典之作《白雪公主和七个小矮人》魅力不减当年。
The idea of being a farmer had lost its charm for me by this time. 做农夫的想法此时对我已经失去了吸引力。
her physical charms (= her beauty) 她那妩媚的外貌 
He was unable to resist her charms. 他无法抵御她的妩媚。
Many women had succumbed to his charms. 很多女人都臣服于他的魅力之下。
The house had its charms, not the least of which was the furniture that came with it. 这座房子有其吸引人的地方，比如和房子配套的家具就很出彩。
traditional charm 传统的魅力 
The farmhouse had a certain rustic charm about it. 这座农舍带有某种乡野魅力。
small-town charm（美）小城镇的魅力 
southern charm（美）南方的魅力
He was charmed by her beauty and wit. 他被她的才貌迷住了。
Her words had lost their power to charm. 她的话再也没有吸引力了。
He even charmed Mrs Prichard, carrying her shopping and flirting with her, though she's 83. 他又是帮普里查德夫人拎买的东西，又是和她调情，居然把83岁高龄的她也给迷倒了。
The Indians, in turn, were charmed by the famous author's cultured and civilised outlook. 而印第安人呢，则为那位著名作家有教养的、开化的见解而折服。
He has led a charmed life (= he has been lucky even in dangerous or difficult situations). 他的日子过得如有神佑（即使遇到艰险都能逢凶化吉）。
charming his way into the British Embassy in Teheran 靠他的个人魅力打入英国驻德黑兰大使馆 
He charmed his way out of trouble. 他运用自己的魅力摆脱了麻烦。
He is good at charming money out of companies. 他擅长利用自己的魅力从各家公司套钱。
They cross their fingers and spit over their shoulders as charms against the evil eye. 他们手指交叉，向身后吐口水，作为抵抗邪眼的魔法。
a good luck charm 护身符           
a lucky charm 吉祥饰物 
a charm bracelet 带有吉祥饰物的手镯

adj.（植物、花园等）茂盛的、茂密的、草木繁盛的、郁郁葱葱的:
adj.（一个地方或事物）华丽舒适的、看上去昂贵的、豪华的、奢侈的:
n. [C] [美；非正式] 酒鬼，相当于alcoholic:
lush |[lʌʃ]
lush vegetation 茂盛的草木 
the lush green countryside 郁郁葱葱的乡村 
the lush green meadows bordering the river. 河畔郁郁葱葱的青草地 
The beautifully landscaped gardens sprawl with lush vegetation. 一个个花园打扮得煞是好看，到处是绿茵茵的植被。
a lush apartment 豪华的公寓 
a mirrored bathroom done in soft pink tiles with a lush, plush carpet. 铺粉色瓷砖和豪华地毯、装有镜子的卫生间 
The fabrics were lush. 布料奢华。             

a biological community of interacting organisms and their physical environment:一个相互作用的生物体及其物理环境的生物群落
(in general use) a complex network or interconnected system:（一般使用）一个复杂的网络或互连的系统
ecosystem |ˈiːkəʊˌsɪstɪm| Noun/:生态系统
the marine ecosystem of the northern Gulf had suffered irreparable damage:海湾北部的海洋生态系统遭受了无法弥补的破坏
Silicon Valley's entrepreneurial ecosystem:硅谷的创业生态

n. [C] [术语] 横排或竖排排列的一组数字、符号或数值，即数列、数组、阵列:
vt. [常用被动式] [正式] 布置或排列一组事物，使其看起来更顺眼:
n. [C] 物品的布置、陈列:
n. [C] [计算机] 在计算机中组织或储存相关数据的一种方式，即数组、阵列:
n. 1 [usually sing.] 一大群人或一大堆事物:
2 [C]（多个望远镜、太阳能电池板之类的仪器设备连接在一起构成的）阵列:
vt. [常用被动式] [正式] 把兵力配置在阵地上（以做好打仗的准备）:
array |[əˈreɪ]
methods which can be used to create an ordered array of molecules within materials 能使材料内部的分子有序排列的方法
Jars of all shapes and sizes were arrayed on the shelves. 在搁架上整齐地排列着大大小小各式各样的罐子。
There was an impressive array of pill bottles stacked on top of the fridge. 冰箱上显眼地摆放着许多药瓶。
We visited the local markets and saw wonderful arrays of fruit and vegetables. 我们去了当地的市场，看见了一排排摆放整齐的水果和蔬菜。
The image is then stored on the computer hard disk as a vast array of black or white dots. 这幅图像当时就以大量黑点或白点排列的形式被存入电脑硬盘。
a dazzling array of talent 耀眼的大批天才 
Channel 4 has lined up an array of stars for the coming season. 4频道为下一季储备了大批明星。
A dazzling array of celebrities are expected at the Mayfair gallery to see the pictures. 梅费尔美术馆期待星光璀璨的各界名流来欣赏这些画。
a vast array of bottles of different shapes and sizes 一大批形状大小不一的瓶子 
Florists have access to a whole array of flowers. 花店老板能搞到所有品种的鲜花。
The store offers a bewildering array of garden tools. 这家商店的园艺工具令人目不暇接。
It is difficult to choose from the vast array of wines. 很难从这么多种葡萄酒中做出选择。
The customer is faced with a formidable array of products. 顾客要面对数量大得惊人的产品。
The city has the usual array of social problems. 这个城市有一系列常见的社会问题。
Her writing covers a wide array of topics. 她的作品涵盖的主题十分广泛。
a seemingly endless array of options 一长串似乎无穷无尽的选择 
As the deadline approached she experienced a bewildering array of emotions. 随着最后期限的临近，她开始心绪纷乱，不知所措。

vt. 使某人或某事物朝某个方向移动:
vt. 驱赶（牲畜）:
vi. 某人或某事物朝某个方向移动:
n. [C] 共同栖居并吃食的一群同类动物，如兽群:
vt. 驱赶（牲畜）；牧放（牲畜、兽群）:
n. [C] [常贬] 同类的一大群人，如（缺乏独立思想的）一般民众，芸芸众生:
herd |[hɜ:d;美hɜ:rd]
They were herded together into trucks and driven away. 他们被一起赶上卡车开走了。
He began to herd the prisoners out. 他开始将犯人集中在一起赶出来。
A boy herded half a dozen camels down towards the water trough. 一个男孩赶着六头骆驼朝饮水槽走去。
We all herded on to the bus. 我们全都涌上了公共汽车。
national herd(= all the animals of a particular type in a country) （英）本国种群 
Bad weather has decimated the national herd. 恶劣的天气使得国内动物种群大批死亡。
beef, breeding, dairy herd 菜牛群；种畜群；乳牛群 
The farm has only a small dairy herd. 这座农场只有一小群奶牛。
pedigree herd（英）纯种畜群 
wild herd 野生动物群 
cattle, cow, elephant herd 牛群；奶牛群；象群 
The animals tend to graze in a herd. 这些动物喜欢成群地吃草。
a large herd of cows 一大群奶牛 
a herd of deer 一群鹿 
a member of a herd 畜群中的一只
a shepherd herding his flock 正在放羊的羊倌 
Stefano used a motor cycle to herd the sheep. 斯特凡诺骑一辆摩托车放羊。
A boy herded half a dozen camels down towards the water trough. 一个男孩赶着六头骆驼朝饮水槽走去。
She pushed her way through a herd of lunchtime drinkers. 她从一群午餐时饮酒的人中间挤了过去。
the common herd (= ordinary people) 普通百姓 
thundering herd（尤美）杰出的人 
They hired a thundering herd of corporate executives. 他们雇用了一群杰出的公司管理人员。
If you feel so strongly, why follow the herd(= do the same as everybody else). 既然你如此坚信自己的想法，为什么还要随大溜呢?
She prided herself on standing out from the common herd. 她为自己的出众而自豪。
herd instinct, herd mentality 群体本能；从众心理

(especially of an animal) in a wild state, especially after escape from captivity or domestication:（尤其是动物）处于野生状态，尤其是在摆脱圈养或驯养之后
resembling or characteristic of a wild animal:类似于或具有野生动物的特征
(of a young person) behaving in a wildly undisciplined and antisocial way:（年轻人的）行为异常无纪律和反社会
a person with an unconventional appearance and lifestyle, and anti-establishment views:一个有着非常规外表和生活方式以及反体制观点的人
feral |ˈfɛrəl| Adjective/Noun/:,野蛮
a feral cat:一只野猫
his teeth were bared in a feral snarl:他的牙齿在野蛮的咆哮中露了出来
gangs of feral youths:野蛮青年团伙
we expected bearded ferals chaining themselves to trees in protest:我们预计有胡子的野生动物会将自己锁在树上以示抗议
