track						足迹，路径，铁轨，跟踪
track and field				田径
a two-track tape				双声道磁带
the top track				尖子班
confidence					信任，自信，秘密
riotous					骚乱的，狂欢的
sophisticated				有修养的，老练的，复杂的
similar					相似的
transform					改变
approve					批准，赞成
session					集会，开庭，一段时间
awareness					意识
exhaust					使...精疲力竭
subsidize					补贴，资助
grocery					杂货
ignorance					不知情，蒙昧
intelligence					智力，情报
tiny						极小的，幼小的
praise						赞美
memorize					记住
relative					相对的，相应的，各自的
a relative pronoun				关系代词
breakthrough					突破，突围
incidence					发生，发生率
scratch					划破，挠，取消
harmful					有害的
undergo					接受，经历
recession					衰退
extraordinary				非凡的
improper					不合时宜的，非法的，不正确的
marginalize					使...边缘化
vital						必不可少的
fortunately					幸运的
commencement					开始
\\\\\\\\

n. [C, usually pl.] 指人、动物或车辆在行走时在地面上留下的痕迹:
vt. [尤美] 走路时留下脏足迹:
vt.＆vi. 通过…所留下的标记、记号、信息等来进行寻找，即跟踪、追踪:
vt. 1（尤指用特殊的电子设备）跟踪、追踪:
2 跟踪…的进展情况:
n. [C] 幕帘的滑轨，滑道:
n. [C]（人或事物所移动的）路径或方向:
n. [C] 美式英语中可指径赛运动:
n. [C]（人、动物、汽车、自行车等）赛跑或赛车等运动的跑道:
n. [C] 唱片、磁带或光盘上的一首乐曲或歌曲:
n. [C] 磁带或计算机磁盘的音轨，声道（上面记录着音乐或信息）:
vi. 指摄影机跟踪摄影，或移动摄影:
vt. [美] 指学校给学生按能力分班或分组:
n. [C] [美] 火车站的站台（火车由此而停止或发出）:
n. [C] 大型车辆（如推土机等）的履带:
n. [C, U] 火车的轨道（包含两根铁轨）:
n. [C] 由人踩出的，崎岖不平的小道、小径:
track |[træk]
animal, car, tyre/tire track 动物足迹；车辙；轮胎印 
Rabbits had left tracks in the snow. 兔子在雪地上留下了足迹。
He had been careless, and had done little to cover his tracks.（比喻用法）他很粗心，没怎么隐匿自己的行踪。
He tracked mud on the floor. 他在地板上踩上了泥脚印。
We decided to track the wolf. 我们决定跟踪那只狼。
Our radar began tracking the planes. 我们的雷达开始追踪那些飞机。
to track the progress of the programme 跟踪该项目的进展情况
Police are on the track of the thieves. 警方正在追踪窃贼。
The ship was on a southerly track. 船向南行驶。
career track 职业发展轨迹 
forecast track (= the track that a storm, hurricane, etc. is predicted to take)（风暴、飓风等的）预测路径 
He switched tracks and went back to college. 他变换了人生轨道，又回到了大学。
Sculpture developed along a similar track to painting. 雕塑沿着与绘画相似的路径发展。
The country is on the fast track to democracy. 该国已进入奔向民主的快车道。
to get the team back onto the right track 将队伍带上正轨
track event 径赛项目 
track athlete 径赛运动员；赛跑运动员 
track coach 径赛教练
the athletics track 田径跑道 
race track（通常用racetrack）, running track 赛跑跑道 
indoor, outdoor track 室内跑道；室外跑道 
training track 训练跑道 
oval track 椭圆形跑道 
fast track（赛车的）高速赛道 
dog, greyhound track 赛狗跑道 
track race 场地赛 
track condition 赛道状况
two track on this CD 这张CD上的两首歌 
album track 专辑曲目 
live track 现场版曲目 
closing track 终曲 
dance track 舞曲 
backing track 伴奏曲 
guitar track 吉他曲 
track title 曲目名称
The camera tracked away. 摄影机将镜头推远。
The train for London is on track 5. 开往伦敦的列车停靠在5号站台。
rail, train, tram track 火车铁轨；电车轨道 
double track 双轨 
elevated track 高架铁轨 
track layout 轨道布局图
narrow track 狭窄的小道 
wide track 宽阔的路 
steep track 陡峭的路 
ancient track 古道 
cinder（尤英）, dirt, mud track 煤渣路；土路；烂泥路 
cart（尤英）, cycle, ski track 马车道；自行车道；滑雪道 
single track 单行道 
farm, forest, mountain track 农场小径；林间小径；山区小径 
the perimeter track of the airfield 机场边缘的跑道 
main track 干道 
The track leads across a field. 小径穿过一块田地。
When the track forks, take the left fork. 在小道分岔处走左边的岔路。

n. 1 [U] 私下、秘密（向别人透漏某事）:
2 [C] [正式]（向某人透露的）秘密，机密:
n. 1 [U] ~ (in sb/sth)（对其他人或事物的）信心、信任:
2 [U]（对某人会保守秘密的）信任，信赖:
n. [U] 对自己的能力、品质或观点等的信心，即自信心、把握:
n. [U] 自己对某事感到有把握、肯定:
He expressed his confidence that they would win. 他表示了自己的信心:
confidence |[ˈkɒnfɪdəns;美ˈkɑ:n-]
Eva told me about their relationship in confidence. 伊娃对我透露了他们俩的关系这个秘密。
We told you all these things in confidence. 我们告诉你的这些事都需要保密。
This is in the strictest confidence. 这事切勿外传。
Questions will be dealt with in the strictest confidence. 将在最严格的保密条件下处理这些问题。
Even telling Lois seemed a betrayal of confidence. 即使是告诉洛伊丝都好像是在泄密。
I really can't talk about this—she told me in confidence. 我真的不能谈这个—— 她是私底下告诉我的。
The girls exchanged whispered confidences. 女孩们小声地互诉知心话。
I could never forgive Mike for betraying a confidence. 迈克泄露了秘密，我决不会饶恕他。
Gregory shared confidences with Carmen. 格雷戈里和卡门说了知心话。
Can you keep a confidence? 你能保守秘密吗?
She didn't encourage confidences. 她没有要求保密。
The players all have confidence in their manager. 队员都信赖他们的教练。
A fall in unemployment will help to restore consumer confidence. 失业人数的下降会有助于恢复消费者的信心。
a lack of confidence in the government 对政府缺乏信任 
The company needs the full confidence of its investors. 公司需要得到投资者的完全信任。
This has contributed to the lack of confidence in the police. 这导致了大家对警方缺乏信任。
The new contracts have undermined the confidence of employees. 新的合同动摇了雇员们的信心。
She has every confidence in her students' abilities. 她完全相信她学生的能力。
I have every confidence in you. 我完全相信你。
It took a long time to gain her confidence (= make her feel she could trust me). 我花了很长的时间才赢得她的信任。
The Cabinet must enjoy the confidence of Parliament. 内阁必须得到议会的信任。
Security institutions have to have the confidence of all communities. 安全机构必须得到所有社区的信任。
She promised not to break his confidence. 她保证不辜负他的信任。
Are we to place ~ in a man who cannot remember a phone call he made last week? 我们能信任一个连上周打过电话都记不得的人吗?
She thought she might take Leo into her confidence. 她以为也许可以把利奥当作知己。
confidence game（美）, confidence trick（英）骗局 
confidence man（美）（英式和美式英语中通常用con man）, confidence trickster（英）骗子 
Telling other people what I'd said was a total breach of confidence. 把我说的话告诉其他人就是背信。
He answered the questions with confidence. 他有把握地回答了那些问题。
People often lose confidence when they are criticized. 人受到批评时经常会失去信心。
He gained confidence when he went to college. 他上大学后增强了自信。
She suffers from a lack of confidence. 她深受缺乏自信心之苦。
While girls lack confidence, boys often overestimate their abilities. 女孩通常缺乏自信，而男孩则往往会高估自己的能力。
I didn't have any confidence in myself at school. 我在学校时对自己毫无信心。
The band is on excellent form and brimming with confidence. 这支乐队状态极佳，自信满满。
I always thought the worst of myself and had no confidence whatsoever. 我老是妄自菲薄，没有一点儿信心。           
I can say with confidence that such rumors were totally groundless. 我可以肯定地说这样的谣言完全没有根据。
They could not say with confidence that he would be able to walk again after the accident. 他们不能肯定他经过那场事故后还能行走。

marked by or involving public disorder:以或涉及公共骚乱为标志
characterized by wild and uncontrolled behaviour:以狂野和不受控制的行为为特征
having a vivid, varied appearance:具有生动、多变的外观
hilariously funny:非常有趣
riotous |ˈrʌɪətəs| Adjective/:暴乱的,骚动的
a riotous crowd:一群喧闹的人
a riotous party:狂欢派对
a riotous display of bright red, green, and yellow vegetables:鲜艳的红色、绿色和黄色蔬菜的缤纷展示
a riotous account of the making of the movie:电影制作过程中的疯狂描述

adj. 高雅时髦的:
adj. 高雅时髦的:
adj.（机器、体系等）复杂巧妙的:
adj. 1 见多识广的；老练的；善于社交的:
2（人）智力水平高的、在行的:
adj.（机器、体系等）先进的:
adj.（机器、体系等）精密的:
sophisticated |[səˈfɪstɪkeɪtɪd]
the sophisticated pleasures of city life 城市生活中五花八门的享乐 
Recently her tastes have become more sophisticated. 最近她的品位越发优雅时髦起来。
the sophisticated pleasures of city life 城市生活中五花八门的享乐 
Recently her tastes have become more sophisticated. 最近她的品位越发优雅时髦起来。
The software grows more sophisticated over time. 这个软件变得越来越复杂了。
Honeybees use one of the most sophisticated communication systems of any insect. 蜜蜂之间所用的交流方式是昆虫中最为复杂的方式之一。
intellectually, philosophically, politically sophisticated 心智上的成熟；世故练达；政治上老练 
Mark is a smart and sophisticated young man. 马克是一个聪明老成的年轻人。
She was a highly sophisticated and elegant woman. 她老于世故，举止优雅。
Claude was a charming, sophisticated companion. 克劳德是一个很有魅力、见多识广的伙伴。
a sophisticated audience 有鉴赏力的观众 
These people are very sophisticated observers of the foreign policy scene. 这些人是观察外交政策领域动向的行家里手。
highly sophisticated computer systems 十分先进的计算机系统 
a large and sophisticated new British telescope 一架崭新的大型英式精密望远镜 
Medical techniques are becoming more sophisticated all the time. 医疗技术日益精密。

similar (in sth) 与某人或某事物相似（但不是同一个）的，如相像的，类似的:
similar |['sɪmɪlə]
adj. similar (to sb/sth) 
We have very similar interests. 我们兴趣相仿。
The brothers look very similar. 弟兄几个长得很像。
My teaching style is similar to that of most other teachers. 我的教学风格和多数教师相似。
The two houses are similar in size. 这两幢房子大小差不多。
Snake meat tastes similar to chicken. 蛇肉尝起来跟鸡肉差不多。
The scene in the picture was similar to what I had seen in my dream. 照片里的情景和我的梦境很相似。

vt. transform sth/sb (from sth) (into sth) 1 改变某事物的形态，相当于convert:
2（某事物的外观或性质、特征）完全改变，尤指使其变得更好:
transform |[træns'fɔ:m]
The photochemical reactions transform the light into electrical impulses. 光化学反应使光变为电脉冲。
A new colour scheme will transform your bedroom. 新的色彩调配将使你的卧室焕然一新。
It was an event that would transform my life. 那是能够彻底改变我一生的一件事。
The riots radically transformed the situation. 暴乱彻底改变了局势。
He seems to have been miraculously transformed into a first-class player. 他似乎奇迹般地变成了一名一流球员。
The place was transformed from a quiet town into a busy port. 这个地方由一个安静的小镇变为繁忙的港口。
the power of religion to transform our hearts and minds 能够改变心灵和思想的宗教力量

vi. approve (of sb/sth) 认为某人或某事物是好的、可接受的或合适的，即赞成。积极态度较为明显:
vt. 1 正式批准或通过（一项计划、请求等）。是“批准”的常规用词:
2 常用被动式，表明某事物足够好，因而可以去使用，或表明某事物是正确的。即核准，认可:
approve |[ə'pru:v]
I told my mother I wanted to leave school but she didn’t approve. 我告诉母亲我不想继续上学，但是母亲不同意。
Do you approve of my idea? 你同意我的想法吗？
I wholeheartedly approve of his actions. 我由衷地赞成他的做法。
The committee unanimously approved the plan. 委员会一致通过了该计划。
His appointment has not been formally approved yet. 他的任命还未获正式批准。
The course is approved by the Department for Education. 课程已获教育部核准。

n. 1 [C] 花在某一活动上的一段时间:
2 [C] 议会、政府、委员会等官方团体的会议（或会期）。如果说meeting和conference等是从“人们来到某地”的角度对会议做出的定义，那么session则是从“时间”的角度对会议做出的定义（因为其本义为从事某项活动的一段时间）。同时，本词强调开会的主体是官方组织:
n. [C] 花在某一活动上的一段时间:
n. [C] 一学年:
n. [C] 法庭开庭处理业务的一段时间。狭义上可指每日的“开庭期”或“庭审期”；但在广义上也可指从第一次开庭到最终休庭之间的整个时间段（此期间也许包括若干天、若干周，甚至更长的时间），在此意义上与term或sitting同义，很多权威人士都将session与term作为同义词而互换使用:
session |['seʃn]
bargaining, negotiating session 交涉阶段；谈判阶段 
briefing（尤英）, question-and-answer session 情况简介会；问答时间 
brainstorming session 集体讨论会 
a session of the UN General Assembly 一届联合国大会 
inaugural, opening session 就职大会；大会开幕式 
closing session 大会闭幕式 
closed, private session 秘密会议 
emergency, special session 紧急会议；特别会议 
a full session of the peace talks 和谈的一次全体会议 
congressional, parliamentary session 国会会议；议会会议 
legislative session（尤美）立法会议
early session 早上的活动 
daily session 每日的活动 
bargaining, negotiating session 交涉阶段；谈判阶段 
briefing session（尤英）情况简介会 
brainstorming session 集体讨论会 
practice, training session 练习时间；训练课 
therapy session 治疗时间 
photo session 拍照时间 
autograph session（名人）签名时间 
The course is made up of 12 two-hour sessions. 这门课总共上12次，每次两小时。
The court is now in session. 法庭正处于庭审期。

~ (that…) 意识；兴趣:
~ (that…) 知道；认识:
awareness |[əˈweənəs;美əˈwer-]
a growing awareness of healthy living 不断增强的健康生活的意识 
general, public普遍的意识；公众的意识 
consumer awareness 消费意识 
a marketing campaign to increase brand awareness 提高品牌意识的营销宣传活动 
emotional, sensory, spatial awareness 情感意识；感官意识；空间意识 
cultural, ecological, environmental, moral, political, racial, sexual, social, spiritual 文化意识；生态意识；环境意识；道德意识；政治意识；种族意识；性别意识；社会意识；精神意识 
Politicians now have much greater awareness of these problems. 从政者现在对这些问题有了更多的认识。
The group is trying to raise public awareness about homelessness.该团体正努力唤起公众对无家可归者的关注。
Environmental awareness has increased over the years. 这些年来人们的环境意识增强了。
awareness campaign, awareness programme/program 提高意识的宣传活动；提高意识的方案 
All staff receive mental health awareness training. 所有员工都接受精神健康意识培训。
the emergence of a new social awareness among young people 年轻人中新的社会意识的萌生 
an increased awareness of the risks 提高了的风险意识 
a lack of awareness 缺乏意识 
Energy Awareness Week（节约）能源意识周               
an awareness of the importance of eating a healthy diet 认识到健康饮食的重要性 
Politicians now have much greater awareness of these problems. 从政者现在对这些问题有了更多的认识。
There was an almost complete lack of awareness of the issues involved. 对有关问题几乎是一无所知。

vt. 详尽研究一个主题（直到没什么可以再说的）:
vt. 用尽、花光、耗尽:
n. [U]（车辆、发动机或机器排出的）废气:
vt. 详尽讨论或研究一个主题（直到没什么可以再说的）:
n. [U]（车辆、发动机或机器排出的）废气:
n. [C]（也可用exhaust pipe）（也可用tailpipe，不过尤此时用于美式英语）排气管:
vt. 使某人感到非常疲劳:
vt. 花光:
exhaust |[ɪgˈzɔ:st]
The funds are nearly exhausted. 资金几乎用完了。
Within three days they had exhausted their supply of food. 他们在三天之内就把所有粮食吃光了。
They said that food supplies were almost exhausted. 他们说供应的食物几乎快要吃完了。
We have exhausted all our material resources. 我们已经耗尽了所有的物资。
Their limited resources were quickly exhausted. 他们有限的资源很快就耗尽了。
Don't give up until you have exhausted all the possibilities. 只要还有可能就别放弃。
auto（美）, automobile（美）, car exhaust 汽车尾气 
engine, diesel, vehicle exhaust 发动机废气；柴油发动机废气；车辆尾气 
the exhaust from a car engine 汽车发动机排放的尾气 
pollution from car exhausts 汽车尾气造成的污染 
Diesel exhaust contains a lot of soot. 柴油机的废气含有很多油烟。
exhaust emission, exhaust fumes, exhaust gas, exhaust pollution, exhaust smoke 废气排放；废气；废气污染；废气烟尘 
The city's streets are filthy and choked with exhaust fumes. 那座城市的街道肮脏不堪，弥漫着令人窒息的废气。
ducts which draw out exhaust air and replace it with fresh 用于排出废气导入清新空气的导管 
exhaust fan, exhaust manifold, exhaust pipe, exhaust system 排气扇；排气歧管；排气管；排气系统
She and Chantal must have exhausted the subject of babies and clothes. 她和尚塔尔肯定已经充分讨论过宝宝和衣服的问题。
auto（美）, automobile（美）, car exhaust 汽车尾气 
engine, diesel, vehicle exhaust 发动机废气；柴油发动机废气；车辆尾气 
the exhaust from a car engine 汽车发动机排放的尾气 
pollution from car exhausts 汽车尾气造成的污染 
Diesel exhaust contains a lot of soot. 柴油机的废气含有很多油烟。
exhaust emission, exhaust fumes, exhaust gas, exhaust pollution, exhaust smoke 废气排放；废气；废气污染；废气烟尘 
The city's streets are filthy and choked with exhaust fumes. 那座城市的街道肮脏不堪，弥漫着令人窒息的废气。
ducts which draw out exhaust air and replace it with fresh 用于排出废气导入清新空气的导管 
exhaust fan, exhaust manifold, exhaust pipe, exhaust system 排气扇；排气歧管；排气管；排气系统
My car needs a new exhaust. 我的汽车需要一个新排气管。
The swimming had completely exhausted him. 游泳让他筋疲力尽。
Don't exhaust him. 不要把他累坏了。
He took to walking long distances in an attempt to physically exhaust himself. 他开始长距离步行，试图耗尽自己的体力。
Even a short walk exhausted her. 即使走一段短路，她也疲惫不堪。
There's no need to exhaust yourself clearing up─we'll do it. 你不必筋疲力尽地收拾——我们会做的。
The experience had exhausted her physically and emotionally. 这一经历让她心力交瘁。
The funds are nearly exhausted. 资金几乎用完了。

vt. 对某人（或组织机构、行业）的某项花费给予补贴:
subsidize |[ˈsʌbsɪdaɪz]
The housing projects are subsidized by the government. 这些住房项目得到政府的补贴。
Around the world, governments have subsidized the housing of middle and upper-income groups. 全世界各国政府都为中高收入群体提供过住房补贴。
At the moment they are existing on pensions that are subsidized by the government. 此刻他们正依靠政府发放的养老金维持生计。
She's not prepared to subsidize his gambling any longer. 她再不愿意拿钱供他去赌博了。
The government continues to subsidize the production of eggs and beef. 政府继续出资扶持鸡蛋和牛肉的生产。
a government decision to subsidize coal mining 政府补贴煤矿开采的决定 
The airline is heavily/highly subsidized by the government. 这家航空公司享受政府的大笔补贴。

n. [C] 卖食品或其它家庭用品的商店，尤用于英式英语。美式英语常用grocery store，且其常用以指supermarket:
n. [C] 复数形式groceries可指杂货店或超市里卖的食品和杂货:
adj. 只作前置定语，指食品杂货的:
grocery |['ɡrəʊsərɪ]
local grocery 当地的杂货店 
the corner grocery（尤英）街角处的杂货店 
grocery checkout 杂货店的收银台 
grocery chain 连锁杂货店
my weekly groceries 我每周所需的食品杂货 
grocery list 待购食品杂货清单 
grocery bill 食品杂货账单 
grocery bag 食品杂货袋 
grocery items 一件件的食品杂货 
grocery store 杂货店 
to do some grocery shopping 买一些食品杂货

n. [U] ~ (of/about sth) 缺乏对某事物的知识或信息，如无知:
ignorance |[ˈɪgnərəns]
There is still widespread ignorance of/about this disease. 仍有很多人对于这种病不了解。
widespread ignorance of the causes of the Civil War 对内战起因的普遍不了解 
They fought a long battle against prejudice and ignorance. 他们同偏见与无知进行了长期的斗争。
He was kept in ignorance of his true identity. 他一直被蒙在鼓里，不知道自己的真实身份。
She was kept in ignorance of her husband's activities. 关于丈夫的活动，她一直蒙在鼓里。
Children often behave badly out of/through ignorance. 儿童往往出于无知而不守规矩。
I tried not to betray my ignorance. 我努力不暴露我的无知。
I am embarrassed by my complete ignorance of history. 我对历史一无所知，这让我很难堪。
There is so much ignorance about mental illness. 人们对精神疾病很不了解。
This showed a profound ignorance of local customs. 这表明对当地风俗全然无知。
our appalling ignorance of international events 我们对国际事件令人震惊的无知 
a policy based on willful ignorance of history 基于对历史的无视的政策 
He showed a remarkable ignorance of the facts. 他对这些事实表现得一无所知。
'Where? 'he asked, feigning ignorance. "哪儿?"他问道，装出一副一无所知的样子。
I had to confess my ignorance. 我不得不承认自己的无知。
He pleaded ignorance of any wrong-doing. 他辩称自己对所有的坏事概不知情。
The sisters lived in total ignorance of each other. 姐妹俩对彼此的存在一无所知。
These attitudes are based on ignorance and fear. 这样的看法都是源于无知和恐惧。
mistakes due to ignorance 由于无知而犯下的错误 
She remained in blissful ignorance of these events. 她很幸运一直不知道这些事情。
Outsiders, in their ignorance, fail to understand this. 局外人因为不知情没法理解这一点。
Many lives are lost through ignorance. 许多人由于无知而丧命。

n. [U]（尤指关于敌对方的）情报，常用于政治、军事或商业等领域，还可指情报人员:
n. [U] 智力，智能；聪明，才智。是一种思考、推理等的能力，与自动或直觉相对，并与愚钝相对:
intelligence |[ɪn'telɪdӡəns]
military, business intelligence 军事情报；商业情报 
the US Central Intelligence Agency 美国中央情报局 
reliable intelligence 可靠的情报 
faulty intelligence 错误的情报 
intelligence service 情报部门 
intelligence officer, intelligence official 情报官员 
intelligence collection（尤美）, intelligence gathering 情报收集；情报搜集 
intelligence information 情报资料 
intelligence operation 情报搜集行动 
intelligence source 情报来源
human intelligence 人的智力 
artificial intelligence 人工智能 
intelligence test 智力测验 
a person of high intelligence 智力高的人 
to insult my intelligence 侮辱我的智力 
At least he had the intelligence to turn off the gas. 至少他还知道关掉煤气。

adj. 数量极小的:
adj. 尺寸（或数量）极小的:
tiny |['taɪnɪ]
Only a tiny minority hold such extreme views. 只有极少数人持这样极端的观点。
her tiny budget 她少量的预算
tiny baby, tiny budget 纤弱的婴儿；微小的预算 
a tiny minority 极少数 
little tiny fingers 小小的手指

praise sb/sth (as sth) 对某人或某事物表达赞扬，即称赞，表扬，相当于compliment:
n. [U] 对某人或某事物的赞美之辞。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
n. [U] 对上帝的颂扬或赞颂。与glory未见明显区别:
vt. 颂扬或赞颂上帝:
praise |[preɪz]
vt. praise sb/sth (for sth) 
She praised his cooking. 她称赞他的厨艺。
He praised his team for their performance. 他称赞了各队员的表现。
He praised all his staff highly. 他高度赞扬了所有的员工。
His teachers are full of praise for the progress he’s making. 老师们对他的进步赞不绝口。
She wrote poems in praise of freedom. 她写诗讴歌自由。
to win public praise 赢得公众的赞扬 
The play has attracted universal praise. 这出戏得到了普遍的好评。
hymns of praise, songs of praise 赞美诗；颂歌 
Praise be (to God)! 愿主受赞美！
Praise the Lord. 赞美上帝！
Allah be praised. 感谢真主！

vt. 记忆、记住:
memorize |[ˈmeməraɪz]
to memorize a poem 记住一首诗 
He studied his map, trying to memorize the way to Rose's street. 他研究了地图，试图记住到罗丝家那条街的路。

adj. [正式] relative to sth 与…有关的；涉及到…的:
adj. 1 [正式] 与其他事物相比较着来被考虑和判断，相比较而言的:
2 [正式] relative (to sth) 根据与其他事物相比较时所得出的位置或关联来被考虑的，即相对的，相关联的:
3 [正式] 只用于名词前，只有与其他事物相比较之下才存在或有某种品质的，相当于comparative:
n. [C] 亲戚，亲属。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
n. [C] 与其他事物属于同类的一个事物:
adj. [正式] 指代前面的一个名词、句子或句子的一部分的:
relative |['relətɪv]
the facts relative to the case 与这个案件有关的事实
the relative merits of the two plans 相比较之下两个计划各自的优点 
It’s all relative. 一切都是相对的。
the position of the sun relative to the earth 太阳与地球的相对位置 
They now live in relative comfort. 他们现在过得比较舒适。
Given the failure of the previous plan, this turned out to be a relative success. 由于前面那个计划失败了，这个计划算是相对成功的。
close, near relative 近亲 
distant relative 远亲 
blood, family relative 血亲；家庭成员 
immediate relative 直系亲属 
living relative 在世的亲属 
deceased relative 已故亲属 
a relative by marriage 姻亲
The ibex is a distant relative of the mountain goat. 北山羊与石山羊有较远的亲缘关系。
In ‘the man who came’, ‘who’ is a relative pronoun and ‘who came’ is a relative clause. 在the man who came中，who是关系代词，而who came是关系从句。

n. [C]（可能会产生一项协议或成就的）重大进展或突破:
breakthrough |['breɪkθru:]
a significant breakthrough in negotiations 谈判中的重大突破 
a major breakthrough in cancer research 癌症研究中的重要突破 
scientific breakthrough 科学上的突破

n. [U] [物理学] 入射（角）:
n. [C, usually sing.] [正式] ~ of sth 某事（尤指坏事）的发生率:
incidence |[ˈɪnsɪdəns]
the angle of incidence 入射角
an area with a high incidence of crime 犯罪率高的地区 
the highest reported incidence of air pollution 有报告以来最高的空气污染发生率 
The incidence of breast cancer increases with age. 乳腺癌的发病率随年龄增长而递增。
the high incidence of child mortality 儿童的高死亡率 
There is a greater incidence of cancer in the families of radiation workers. 接触放射性物质的工作人员，其家属的癌症发病率要更高一些。
The country had the lowest incidence of AIDS cases proportional to its population. 相对于人口而言，该国艾滋病发病率是最低的。
The medical histories of our patients show a high incidence of past diseases. 我们的病人病历表明他们大都有既往病史。
They found an increased incidence of childhood leukaemia in some areas. 他们发现有些地区儿童白血病发病率上升。
We compared the incidence of coronary heart disease and total mortality. 我们把冠心病的发病率与总死亡率作了比较。
an incidence rate of 4 or 5 per 10 000 of the population 发生概率为每1万人中4至5人 
The study noted an increased incidence of heart disease in women.该研究发现女性心脏病发病率有所上升。

vt.（用坚硬或尖锐物体来）造成或去除痕迹:
vt.（尤指意外地）划伤、擦破或划破…表面:
n. [C]（在物体表面所形成的）划痕或划伤:
vi.（用尖锐物体来摩擦、抓或划另一物体来）发出刺耳的声音:
n. [sing.] 擦（或刮）某物的表面所发出的令人难受（即刺耳）的声音:
vt.＆vi. scratch (at sth) 挠痒，搔痒:
n. [sing.] 用指甲在身体的痒痒部位进行的挠，即挠痒痒，搔痒:
vt.＆vi. scratch (sb/sth) (from sth) 在…开始之前就决定该事不能发生，或…不能参加或加入…，即取消，撤销，退出。算是一种形象化用法，还算常用:
vt. scratch a living 勉强维持生计:
vt.＆vi. scratch (sb/sth/yourself) (on sth)（用尖利的物体）划伤皮肤:
n. [C]（在皮肤表面所形成的）划痕或划伤:
scratch |[skrætʃ]
to scratch a line on the ground 在地面上划出一条线 
to scratch some of the dirt away 刮掉一些脏东西 
to scratch his name off the list（比喻用法）把他的名字从名单中勾掉
to scratch the surface of the wall 划伤墙面 
The table had been badly scratched. 桌子被刮得伤痕累累。
a cat scratch 猫的抓痕 
Powdered cleansers will leave scratches on the glass. 清洁粉会在玻璃上留下擦痕。
a scratch mark 擦痕
Her pen scratched away on the paper. 她的笔在纸上沙沙作响。
I could hear the dog scratching at the door. 我听见狗在挠门。
I scratched at the mosquito bites on my arm. 我挠了挠胳膊上蚊子叮的包。
He absently scratched his head. 他心不在焉地挠了挠头。
He scratched at his beard for a few seconds. 他抓了几下胡子。
The dog scratched itself behind the ear. 狗用爪子挠了挠耳后。
Give me a scratch. 给我挠一挠。
to scratch a rocket launch 取消火箭发射计划 
He had scratched from the race because of his injury. 他因伤退出了比赛。
The cat doesn’t scratch. 这只猫不抓人。
He scratched himself on a nail. 他在钉子上划了一下。
I scratched my arm on a rose bush. 我被玫瑰花丛划伤了胳膊。
She scratched his face with her nails. 她用指甲抓伤了他的脸。
scratches on his face 他脸上的划痕 
to escape without a scratch 毫发无损地逃走

adj. harmful (to sb/sth) 对某人（尤指对一个人的健康）造成损害的，即有害的:
adj. harmful (to sb/sth) 对某人或某事物（尤指对一个人的健康或自然环境）造成损害的，即有害的:
harmful |['hɑːmfl]
the harmful effects of alcohol 酒精的害处 
Fruit juices can be harmful to children’s teeth. 果汁可能损害儿童的牙齿。
the harmful effects of alcohol 酒精的害处 
Fruit juices can be harmful to children’s teeth. 果汁可能损害儿童的牙齿。
the sun’s harmful ultra-violet rays 太阳的有害紫外线 
to be socially harmful 对社会有害 
These pesticides are environmentally harmful. 这些杀虫剂对环境有害。

experience or be subjected to (something, typically something unpleasant or arduous):体验或受到（某事，通常是不愉快或艰巨的事）
undergo |ˌʌndəˈwɛnt| Verb/:经历
he underwent a life-saving brain operation:他接受了脑部手术挽救生命

n. [U] [正式]（从先前的位置）退后、撤回:
n. [C, U] 一国的经济衰退、经济萎缩:
recession |[rɪˈseʃn]
the gradual recession of the floodwater 洪水的渐渐消退
the impact of the current recession on manufacturing 时下经济萎缩对制造业的影响 
The economy is in deep recession. 经济正处于严重的衰退之中。
The recession caused sales to drop off. 经济不景气使销量下降。
We should concentrate on sharply reducing interest rates to pull the economy out of recession. 我们应该着力大幅下调利率以使经济走出衰退。
policies to pull the country out of recession 引导国家走出经济萎缩的政策 
It was the worst recession since the war. 这是战争以来最萧条的时期。
economic, industrial recession 经济萧条；工业萧条 
A rise in interest rates plunged Britain deeper into recession. 利率的提高导致英国经济更加萧条。
Germany was suffering a steep recession. 当时德国正陷于急剧的经济衰退之中。
As dozens of companies go out of business, others are riding out the recession. 在大量公司纷纷倒闭之际，其他一些公司却安全挺过萧条期。
With a recession looming, consumers are spending less. 经济日渐萧条，人们的消费也越来越少了。
The country has been hit by recession. 该国受到经济萧条的冲击。

adj. 1 [正式] 只用于名词前，（一场会议等）为特别目的而安排的，且发生于常规日程之外的，如特别的、临时的:
2 [术语] 跟在名词之后，指（一名官员）在通常的人事安排之外为某一特殊目的而启用的，如特派的、特命的:
adj. 意想不到的、令人吃惊的，相当于incredible:
adj. 奇怪的:
adj. 不平常的或不一般的，比通常更伟大（或更好）的，如非凡的、卓越的:
extraordinary |[ɪk'strɔ:dnrɪ,ɪks'trɔ:dənerɪ]
an extraordinary meeting 特别会议 
an envoy extraordinary 特使
It’s extraordinary that he managed to sleep through the party. 真想不到他竟然从聚会开始一直睡到结束。
What an extraordinary thing to say! 真是咄咄怪事！
I find her attitude quite extraordinary. 我发现她的态度相当反常。
extraordinary achievement, extraordinary woman 卓越的成就；杰出的女性 
They went to extraordinary lengths to explain their behaviour. 他们竭力为自己的行为辩解。

adj. [正式]（对某个情况来说）不合适的:
adj. 错误的、不正确的:
adj. 不诚实的；不道德的:
improper |[ɪmˈprɒpə(r);美-ˈprɑ:p-]
It would be improper to comment at this stage. 在这个阶段发表评论并不恰当。
He would never be improper, he is always the perfect gentleman. 他总是举止得体，一直是个完美的绅士。
places where it is considered improper for men and women to kiss in public 认为男女不宜当众亲吻的地点 
They thought it quite improper for a woman to smoke. 他们认为女人吸烟不成体统。       
The improper use of medicine could lead to severe adverse reactions. 用药不当会产生严重的不良反应。
improper business practices 不正当的商业手法 
There was nothing improper about our relationship (= it did not involve sex). 我们的关系没有什么不正当的。
25 officers were investigated following allegations of improper conduct during the murder inquiry. 25名警察在被指控于调查谋杀案期间有非法行为之后受到调查。
Mr Matthews maintained that he had done nothing improper. 马修斯先生坚称他没有做过非法的事情。

treat (a person, group, or concept) as insignificant or peripheral:将（一个人、一个群体或一个概念）视为无关紧要或无关紧要的
marginalize |ˈmɑːdʒɪnəlʌɪz| Verb/:边缘化,边际
by removing religion from the public space, we marginalize it:通过将宗教从公共空间中移除，我们将其边缘化

adj.（一个人）充满精力和热情（enthusiasm）的，相当于dynamic:
adj. 只用于名词前，与维持生命有关的，或对维持生命来说必不可少的:
adj. vital (for/to sth) 对某事的成功或某事物的存在来说必需的、必不可少的、极其重要的:
vital |['vaɪtl]
a vital person 有活力的人 
They have something important to say and vital and radical ways of saying it. 他们有些重要的事情要说，言辞会比较激烈。
the vital organs (= the brain, heart, lungs, etc.) 活命器官
the vitamins that are vital for health 保持健康必不可少的维生素 
Team spirit is vital for success. 团队精神对成功至关重要。
Reading is of vital importance in language learning. 阅读在语言学习中至关重要。
the strategically vital industrial zone 战略上极其重要的工业区

it is fortunate that:幸运的是
fortunately |ˈfɔːtʃənətli| Adverb/:,幸好,好在
fortunately, no shots were fired and no one was hurt:幸运的是，没有开枪，也没有人受伤

the beginning of something:某事的开始
a ceremony in which degrees or diplomas are conferred on university or high-school students:授予大学或高中生学位或文凭的仪式
commencement |kəˈmɛnsm(ə)nt| Noun/:开始,毕业典礼
the commencement of the trial:审判开始
