independently						独立的，客观公正的
approach							接近，接洽，处理，通道
administration						管理，执行，政府
adversity							逆境，灾难
technician							技师
regular							定期的，整齐的，通常的，传统的
miscalculation						误算
hinder							妨碍，阻挡
selection							挑选
tide								潮，潮流
superior							上等的，更好的，上司
matter							事情，问题，物质，要紧
passively							被动的，冷漠的
grant								准予，授予，承认，拨款
liberation							解放，解脱
observe							注意到，观察，遵守，庆祝
institute							机构，开始实行
dormitory							宿舍
awful								坏的，可怕的，生病的，极其
emergency							紧急情况
stress							精神压力，紧张，强调
launch							大型汽艇，下水，发射，实施
suppose							认为，设想
remove							拿走，取消，辞退，搬迁
cousin twice removed					堂侄孙
exposure							揭发，暴露，亮相
promote							晋升，促进，推销
engage							吸引，使参加，雇用，从事
uncertain							不确定的，难预料的
accommodate							容纳，关照
slave								奴隶，苦干
\\\\\\\\


in a way that is free from outside control or influence:以不受外界控制或影响的方式
without outside help; unaided:没有外界帮助；独立的
in a way that is not connected with another; individually:以一种与他人无关的方式；单独
independently |ˌɪndɪˈpɛnd(ə)ntli| Adverb/:,独立自主
the businesses will continue to operate independently:企业将继续独立运营
disabled people living independently in their own homes:disabled在自己家中独立生活的人
decisions are made independently of consumers:decisions独立于消费者

vt.（以某种方式）开始处理一个问题、任务、情况等:
vt.＆vi.（在时间上）靠近，接近:
n. [sing.]（时间上的）靠近，接近:
vt.（在数额、水平、质量、风格或状态上）接近:
n. [C] approach (to sth) 对待或处理…的一种方式，方法；做事或思考（如处理问题或任务）的一种方式，方法。相对正式:
approach sb (about doing sth) 对某人说某事，尤指向其索要…或向对方提出要做某事:
n. [C] 对某人说某事的一种行为，尤指提出…（如建议、要求或请求）:
n. [sing.]（与提到过的事物）相似的一个事物:
vt.＆vi.（在空间上）靠近，接近:
n. [sing.]（空间上的）靠近，接近:
n. [C] approach (to sth) 对待或处理…的一种方式，方法；做事或思考（如处理问题或任务）的一种方式，方法。相对正式:
n. [C] 飞机飞行过程中的进场，或进场着陆:
n. [C]（通向某地的）一条小路、公路等:
approach |[ə'prəʊtʃ]
to approach a problem, to approach an issue 处理问题
Winter is approaching. 冬天就要来临。
the approach of spring 春天的来临
profits approaching 3 million dollars 接近300万元的利润 
Few writers approach his richness of language. 他语言之丰富很少有作家能望其项背。
Here Wordsworth’s verse movement closely approaches that of Gray. 在这一点上，华兹华斯的诗歌韵律在风格上和格雷的非常接近。
The school has decided to adopt a different approach to discipline. 学校决定采取另外一种方式解决纪律问题。
She took the wrong approach in her dealings with them. 她用错误的手段和他们打交道。
We will be exploring different approaches to gathering information. 我们将探索收集信息的不同方法。
vt. approach sb (about/for sth) 
She approached the bank for a loan. 她向银行申请贷款。
We have been approached by a number of companies. 一些公司已和我们接洽。
It’s best to approach her directly. 最好直接和她谈。
Have you approached John about doing a concert? 开音乐会的事你和约翰谈过了吗？
The club has made an approach to a local company for sponsorship. 俱乐部已向当地一家公司寻求赞助。
She resented his persistent approaches. 她对他没完没了的纠缠极为反感。
There had already been approaches from buyers interested in our company. 已有一些对我们公司感兴趣的买主来接洽了。
That’s the nearest approach to an apology you’ll get from him. 那是他所能做出的最似歉意的表示。          
We heard the sound of an approaching car. 我们听见一辆汽车驶近的声音。
When I approached the room, they grew silent. 当我走近时屋子时，他们变得沉默了。
The army approached from the south. 军队从南面靠近。
She hadn’t heard his approach. 她没有听见他走近的声音。
at his approach 当他走近时 
The children fell silent at the approach of their teacher. 老师一来，孩子们变得鸦雀无声。
The school has decided to adopt a different approach to discipline. 学校决定采取另外一种方式解决纪律问题。
She took the wrong approach in her dealings with them. 她用错误的手段和他们打交道。
We will be exploring different approaches to gathering information. 我们将探索收集信息的不同方法。
to begin the final approach to the runway 开始着陆进入跑道
All the approaches to the palace were guarded by troops. 通往宫殿的所有道路都有军队守卫。
a new approach road to the port 去港口的一条新路 
The path serves as an approach to the boathouse. 这条小路是通向那个船库的一条路径。

n. [C] 计划、组织和运营一个企业、学校等机构的一群人，即管理部门，行政部门:
n. 1 [U]（企业、学校或其它机构的）管理，行政。包括计划、组织和运营活动，强调一种组织性、系统性、协调性和程序性:
2 [U] 对某事的执行方式进行的管控、监管或协调:
n. [U] 对某人施用药物的行为，为正式用法，如:
n. [C] 常写作Administration，一国的政府，尤指美国政府:
n. [U] 政府管理:
administration |[əd͵mɪnɪs'treɪʃn][əd͵mɪnɪs'treɪʃn]
university administration 大学行政部门 
hospital administration 医院的行政部门
Administration costs are passed on to the customer. 行政费用转嫁给了消费者。
the day-to-day administration of a company 公司的日常管理工作 
the Sales Administration department 销售管理部门 
poor administration 管理不善 
arts, business, educational, financial administration 艺术管理；企业管理；教育管理；财务管理 
the administration of justice 司法
the administration of antibiotics 抗生素的施用 
intravenous, oral administration 静脉给药；口服 
drug administration 给药
federal, local, municipal, provincial, state administration 联邦政府；地方政府；市政府；省政府；州政府 
the British colonial administration 英国殖民政府 
civil, royal administration 民政；王政 
Democratic administration 民主党政府 
Bush administration 布什政府
social administration 社会管理 
government, public administration 政府管理；公共管理

n. [U, C] [正式] 困境、逆境、厄运:
adversity |[ədˈvɜ:səti;美-ˈvɜ:rs-]
courage in the face of adversity 面对逆境的勇气 
He overcame many personal adversities. 他克服了多次个人不幸。
He showed courage in adversity. 他在逆境中表现出了勇气。
When faced with adversity she was never tempted to give up. 面对逆境她从未想过放弃。
patience in adversity 在逆境中保持耐心

n. 1 [C]（确保设备或机械正常运行的）技术员、技师:
2 [C]（艺术、体育等领域的）技巧精湛者，精于技巧者:
technician |[tekˈnɪʃn]
laboratory technicians 实验室技术员 
qualified, trained technician 合格的技术人员；受过培训的技术人员 
trainee technician（英）实习技术员 
dental, medical technician 牙科技师；医疗技师 
computer technician 计算机技术员 
lighting, sound technician 灯光师；音效师 
ultrasound, X-ray technician 超声技师；X光技师 
maintenance, service, support technician 维护人员；技术支持人员 
a computer support technician 计算机技术支持人员 
ambulance technician（美）救护车技术人员 
a need to train technicians in construction methods 培训技术人员施工方法的必要性 
a versatile, veteran player, a superb technician 技术全面、经验丰富、技巧娴熟的运动能手

adj.（面貌等）形状均匀的，或形状端正整齐的:
n. [C] 经常在某一团队中效力的队员，即主力（或正式）队员:
adj. 1 有相同的时间间隔的:
2 经常或频繁（发生或做）的:
3 只作前置定语，指人经常做某事（或去某地）的:
4 只作前置定语，通常的:
5 持续很长一段时间的，即持久的:
6 通常被某人所用的（事物、人、时间或地点等），即固定的:
adj. [尤美] 普通的，平凡的，没有任何特殊性的:
adj. [尤美] 标准尺寸的；中等大小的:
adj. 规则的，尤指有相同的时间间隔或空间间隔的。是一个基础和常规用词:
n. [C] 经常参加某一电视节目的人:
adj. 形状均匀的，或形状端正整齐的:
n. [C] 经常参加某一活动（如参加电视节目）的人:
n. [C] 经常在某一团队中效力的队员，即主力（或正式）队员:
n. [C] 经常光顾某一商店、酒吧、餐厅等的顾客，即常客，老主顾:
adj. 只作前置定语，正规军的:
n. [C]（某国正规军中的）专业士兵，即职业军人:
adj.（尤指动词或名词）按大多数形式的规则变化的，即规则的:
adj. [非正式]（用于强调某人或某事是）完全或彻底的（一个…）:
regular |['reɡjələ]
a face with regular features 五官端正的脸庞 
Her face was perfectly regular. 她的面貌极其端正。
first-team regulars 一线主力队员
regular beat 均匀的节拍 
regular bus 定时班车 
regular meetings 例行会议 
The equipment is checked on a regular basis. 设备定期进行检查。
Do you take regular exercise? 你经常锻炼吗？
Domestic violence is a regular occurrence in some families. 在某些家庭中，家庭暴力是常事。
our regular customers 我们的老主顾 
regular offenders 惯犯 
He was a regular visitor to her house. 他是她家的常客。
I couldn’t see my regular doctor today. 我今天找不到平常给我看病的医生。
to follow the regular procedure 按照惯常的程序行事 
regular income 固定的收入 
regular employment 固定工作 
The man sat at his regular table. 这个人坐在他固定的桌子旁。
He’s a pretty regular guy. 他是个很普通的家伙。
a regular middle-class family 普通的中产阶级家庭 
Do you want regular or diet cola? 你要普通的还是低热量的可乐？
a regular cigarette 普通的香烟 
Everything seemed regular. 一切似乎都很普通。
a cheeseburger and regular fries 一个干酪汉堡包和中份的炸薯条
regular breathing, regular pulse, regular beat 均匀的呼吸；均匀的脉搏；均匀的节拍 
regular intervals 均匀的时间间隔 
regular meetings 定期会议 
There is a regular bus service to the airport. 有班车定时发往机场。
The village was laid out in regular patterns. 这个村庄布局整齐。
a regular geometric pattern 正（或规则的）几何图案 
Her face was perfectly regular. 她的面貌极其端正。
first-team regulars 一线主力队员
one of our regulars 我们的一位老主顾 
regulars at his local bar 他的当地酒吧的常客们
regular army, regular soldier 正规军；正规军士兵 
The past participle of regular verbs ends in ‘-ed’. 规则动词的过去分词以-ed结尾。
The whole thing was a regular disaster. 整个事情完全是一场灾难。

n. [C, U] 对形势的误判:
n. [C, U] 错误的估算:
miscalculation |[ˌmɪskælkjuˈleɪʃn]
grave, gross, huge, serious miscalculation 严重的误判 
slight miscalculation 轻微的误判 
political miscalculation 政治上的误判
to make a miscalculation 计算错误

vt. ~ sb/sth (from sth/from doing sth) 使某人做某事（或某事发生）的过程变得困难，即阻碍、妨碍:
hinder |[ˈhɪndə(r)]
a political situation that hinders economic growth 妨碍经济发展的政治局面 
These killings have seriously hindered progress towards peace. 这几起杀人事件严重阻碍了和平进程。
These laws will hinder rather than help progress. 这些法律将只会妨碍而不是有助于进步。
Some teachers felt hindered by a lack of resources. 有些教师因资源不足而感到困难重重。
factors which might help or hinder a child's progress at school 有可能促进或妨碍孩子在学校发展的一些因素 
Does the fact that your players are part-timers help or hinder you? 队员们都是兼职的，这对你有利还是不利？
Further investigation was hindered by the loss of all documentation on the case. 由于案件卷宗全部丢失致使进一步的调查受阻。
Landslides and bad weather are continuing to hinder the arrival of relief supplies to the area. 滑坡和恶劣天气仍在阻碍救援物资运送到该地区。
An injury was hindering him from playing his best. 受伤后他无法发挥出最高水平。
A thigh injury increasingly hindered her mobility. 大腿受伤使她行动愈发不便。
Bulky clothes tend to hinder movement. 肥大的衣服常常碍手碍脚。

n. 1 [U]（通常根据一定的标准，对人或事物的）选择、挑选、选拔:
2 [C] 被挑选出的一批人或事物，即被选中者:
3 [C] 可供选择的事物，尤指（商店内）可供挑选的某类商品:
selection |[sɪˈlekʃn]
The final team selection will be made tomorrow. 明天将确定队伍的最后人选。
the random selection of numbers 号码的随机抽取 
Darwin's principles of natural selection. 达尔文的自然选择理论 
Dr. Sullivan's selection to head the Department of Health was greeted with satisfaction. 人们对沙利文博士当选卫生部部长表示满意。
the careful selection of building materials 建筑材料的精心挑选 
Darwinian, sexual selection 达尔文物竞天择论；性别选择 
She took a long time to make her selection. 她花了很长时间才做出了选择。
Selection is based on standards of quality. 依据质量标准做出选择。
She hopes to win selection for the Olympic team.（win尤为英式用法）她希望能入选奥运队。
selection criteria, selection policy（尤英）选拔标准；选拔政策 
selection procedure, selection process 选拔程序；选拔过程 
selection bias 选择偏倚 
selection board, selection committee, selection panel（尤英）选拔委员会；选拔小组 
evolutionary selection pressures 进化选择的压力 
his selection as candidate for the party 他当选该党候选人 
We interviewed a random selection of teenagers. 我们随机采访了一批青少年。
The final selection of winners will be announced at the end of the event. 最终的获胜人选将在活动结束时公布。
The catalogue includes a selection of his poetry. 目录中列有他的诗歌作品选集。
She played a selection of waltzes. 她演奏了一组华尔兹舞曲。
a selection of hits from well-known musicals 著名音乐剧精选作品集 
A selection of readers' comments are published below. 下面选登了部分读者的意见。
this selection of popular songs 这张流行歌曲选集 
a dramatic rendition of selections from Dickens' A Christmas Carol. 以戏剧形式演绎的狄更斯《圣诞颂歌》节选片段 
We offer a broad selection of products. 我们供应种类繁多的商品。
The wine selection isn't bad. 这儿的葡萄酒不错。
The menu selection is very limited. 菜单上的菜品很有限。
The restaurant offers a wide selection of wine. 这家餐厅的葡萄酒种类繁多。
You'll find a good selection of paints at this store. 在这家店你能找到一些很棒的颜料。
Their website features a large selection of photographs. 他们网站的特色是汇集了大量的照片。
The showroom has a wide selection of kitchens. 展厅里有多种式样的厨房可供选择。
It offers the widest selection of antiques of every description in a one day market. 它在为期一天的集市上出售应有尽有的各种古董。

n. [C, usually sing.] 一大群人的（观点等的）潮流、思潮:
n. [sing.]（旧时用法）（构成复合词）-tide可指（一年中的）时节、季节:
n. [sing.] ~ of sth 突然越来越猛烈的情感:
n. [C, U] 潮；潮汐；潮水:
n. [C, usually sing.] 某事（如历史）的潮流；难以控制的坏事的潮流:
tide |[taɪd]
It takes courage to speak out against the tide of opinion. 跟舆论趋向唱反调需要勇气。
The tide of opinion seems overwhelmingly in his favour. 绝大多数人的观点看来是一边倒地支持他的。
The tide of public opinion seems to be turning at last. 舆论风向好像终于改变了。
Christmastide 圣诞节节期
A tide of rage surged through her. 一股怒火燃遍她的全身。
They were carried along on a tide of euphoria. 他们也喜不自禁。
strong tide 汹涌的潮水 
flood, incoming, rising tide 涨潮 
ebb, outgoing tide 退潮；落潮 
neap, spring tide 小潮；大潮 
ocean tide（尤美）海潮 
rip tide 裂流；离岸流 
the ebb and flow of the tide 海潮的涨落 
The tide is in/out. 涨/退潮了。
Is the tide coming in or going out? 是在涨潮还是在落潮？
The body was washed up on the beach by the tide. 尸体被潮水冲上了海滩。
The tide was at its highest. 潮水正处于最高位。
The tide was going out, and the sand was smooth and glittering. 正在退潮，沙滩平坦，闪着微光。
Roman vessels used to sail with the tide from Boulogne to Richborough. 罗马的船只过去经常乘着潮汐从布洛涅航行到里奇伯勒。
We have to get up early to catch the tide(= leave at the same time as the tide goes out). 我们得早起乘潮出海。
The body was washed up by the tide the next day. 第二天尸体被潮水冲上了岸。
tide line, tide mark 涨潮线；潮标 
When the sea recedes, tide pools reveal a be. wildering diversity of marine life. 海水退去后，潮水潭里会出现各种各样的海洋生物，令人眼花缭乱。
Seals lie on the rocks at low tide. 低潮时海豹趴在岩石上。
We went out to sea on the ebb tide. 我们趁着退潮时出海。
They talked of reversing the tide of history. 他们谈到扭转历史潮流。
There is anxiety about the rising tide of crime. 犯罪率日益增长令人忧虑。
The tide of nationalism is still running high in a number of republics. 民族主义浪潮在许多共和国势头正盛。
The tide of war swept back across their country. 战争的浪潮回过头来席卷了全国。
He didn't have the courage to swim against the political tide. 他没有勇气逆政治潮流而动。
attempts to stem the tide of revolution 遏制革命潮流的企图 
Seeing the tide was now running in his direction, he renewed his campaign for reform. 看到形势朝对他有利的方向发展，他重新开始了改革运动。
In the early 1990s there was a marked turn of the tide. 20世纪90年代初有一次明显的潮流转变。

adj. superior (to sb)（在职位上）更高的:
n. [C] 职位更高的一个人，即上级，上司:
adj. [贬] 通过行为来表现出自己的优越感的，高傲的（即认为自己比别人好），相当于arrogant。比proud略常用:
n. [C] 用于宗教团体领袖的头衔:
adj. superior (to sb)（在级别、重要性上）更高的:
n. [C] 级别、地位更高的一个人:
adj.（尤用于广告）品质非常好的；比同类中的（或相似的）其他事物更好的，即出众的:
adj. superior (to sb/sth) 在品质上比其他…更好的（或更强于…的）:
superior |[sju:'pɪərɪə]
my superior officer 我的上级军官 
He’s my immediate superior. 他是我的顶头上司。
I’m going to complain to your superiors. 我要去找你的上级投诉。
a superior manner 神气活现的态度 
He always looks so superior. 他总是显得那么有优越感。
She felt (herself) superior to the other children. 她觉得自己比其他孩子优越。
Mother Superior 修女会院长
superior status 更高的地位 
a superior court of law 上级法院
your social superiors 社会地位比自己高的人
superior apartments 高级公寓套房
Liverpool were clearly the superior team. 利物浦队明显更胜一筹。
The enemy won because of their superior numbers. 敌人由于在人数上占优而取胜。
What is it that makes this technique superior? 这种技术的优越之处是什么？
genetically, intellectually superior 基因上占优势；智力上占优势

n. [pl.] matters 当前的情况；或你正在谈论的情况，相当于things:
n. [C] 你必须考虑或处理的一个课题或情况，有时亦可称为事情，相当于affair:
n. [sing.] 涉及到某事物（或取决于某事物）的一个情况，相当于question:
n. 1 [U] [术语]（构成世界上一切事物的）客观物质（是一种统称，与精神相对）:
2 [U] 某种物质或东西。需要注意两点，第一，如果说material仅为固态物质，那么matter则没有此限制，如“水”是一种matter，但不是一种material。第二，当两者都表示固态物质时，理论上可互换，不过现实中还是有一些约定俗成的用法，各自的具体用法请参见本组各词的用法举例:
n. [U] 某种东西:
vi. matter (to sb)（对某人、某事物或事件）事关紧要；要紧；有重大影响:
n. [sing.] the matter (with sb/sth) 用于询问某人是否心烦、不悦等，或询问其是否遇到了问题（a problem），即怎么了:
matter |['mætə]
to improve matters 改善目前的状况 
I’d forgotten the keys, which didn’t help matters. 我忘记带钥匙了，这让情况更糟。
Matters were made worse by a fire in the warehouse. 仓库失火使得事态更为严重。
I decided to take matters into my own hands. 我决定亲自处理问题。
And that is the heart of the matter. 这就是问题的关键所在。
It’s a private matter. 这是件私事儿。
They had important matters to discuss. 他们有些重要的问题要讨论。
pressing matters 紧急的事情 
some business matters 一些业务方面的事情 
to consulted matters of policy 咨询一些政策问题 
It’s a matter for the police. 这事该由警方处理。
It was no easy matter getting him to change his mind. 让他改变主意可不是件容易的事儿。
Learning to drive is all a matter of coordination. 学开车主要是靠协调。
She resigned over a matter of principle. 她因原则问题而辞职。
Just as a matter of interest, how much did you pay for it? 我只是感兴趣，你这是花多少钱买的？
the properties of matter 物质的属性 
organic matter 有机物质 
solid matter 固态物质 
inanimate, inorganic matter 无生命物质；无机物 
decaying matter 腐烂物质 
dark matter（科学用语）暗物质 
elimination of waste matter from the body 体内废物的排出
reading matter 阅读材料 
printed matter 印刷品
These things matter a lot to young children. 这些事对小孩子来说很要紧。
She could find a job. It hardly mattered what. 她能够找到工作，至于什么工作无关紧要。
It doesn’t matter about the mess. 乱一点儿没关系。
It didn’t matter to her that he was blind. 他是个盲人，但她不介意。
What’s the matter? Is there something wrong? 怎么了？出了什么事儿吗？
Is anything the matter? 有什么问题吗？
There’s something the matter with my eyes. 我的眼睛出了点毛病。
What was the matter with the your TV? 你的电视机出了什么问题？

in an accepting manner, without active response or resistance:以接受的方式，没有积极的反应或抵抗
using the passive voice:使用被动语态
from a transmitter or target rather than by generating a signal:来自发射器或目标，而不是通过生成信号
by making use of incident sunlight as an energy source:利用入射太阳光作为能源
passively |ˈpasɪvli| Adverb/:,消极地
we don't have to sit passively by while others decide our fate:我们不必被动地坐视别人决定我们的命运
it is passively expressed that he was:被动表示他是
some cell phones passively receive data from geosynchronous satellites:一些手机被动接收来自地球同步卫星的数据
passively heated homes:被动供暖住宅

vt.（虽然不喜欢或不同意，但）勉强承认某事是真的:
vt.（虽然不喜欢或不同意，但）勉强同意某事是真的:
~ (sb) sth 同意某人的要求，尤指正式地或法律上同意，准予，允许某人的要求。不过grant此时常含有“给予”的色彩，即同意给予:
n. [C] ~ (to do sth) 政府或机构划拨下来的一笔有特定用途的钱款，即拨款:
grant |[grɑ:nt;美grænt]
I grant you (that) it looks good, but it's not exactly practical. 我承认你说的，它好看，可并不实用。
She's a smart woman, I grant you, but she's no genius. 我同意你的观点，她是一个很聪明的女人，但绝不是天才。
The bank finally granted me a £500 loan. 银行终于同意给我贷款500英镑。
My request was granted. 我的请求得到批准。
I was granted permission to visit the palace. 我获准参观宫殿。
She was granted a divorce. 她获准离婚。
France has agreed to grant him political asylum. 法国已经同意给予他政治避难。
It was a Labour government which granted independence to India and Pakistan. 是工党政府同意了印度和巴基斯坦的独立。
the rights expressly granted by the terms of the lease 租约条款明确赋予的权利 
Planning permission was finally granted in October. 规划终于在十月得到了批准。
Permission is hereby granted to reproduce this material. 特此准许复制该材料。
The judge refused to grant him bail. 法官拒绝他保释。
The magistrates granted that the charity was justified in bringing the action. 地方法官认为该慈善机构有理由提起诉讼。
student grants (= to pay for their education) 学生助学金 
He has been awarded a research grant. 他得到一笔研究经费。
They'd got a special grant to encourage research. 他们得到一笔用以鼓励科研的特别经费。
Unfortunately, my application for a grant was rejected. 很遗憾，我的助学金申请被拒绝了。
The school has received a large capital grant to improve its buildings. 学校收到一大笔拨款用以改造校舍。
maintenance grant（英）生活补助金 
emergency grants for special needs for items such as clothing 为衣物之类物品的特别需求而紧急调拨的款项 
discretionary grant 可自由支配的补助 
project grant 项目补助 
You may be eligible for a clothing grant. 你可能有资格申请服装补助。
You can get a grant if you've lived in the area for three years. 在这一地区居住满三年，就可以得到一笔补助金。
The government has awarded a 3.5 million pound grant for the restoration of the opera house. 政府已拨款350万英镑来修缮歌剧院。
The theatre's annual grant from the Arts Council has been cut. 该剧院从艺术委员会得到的年度补助被削减了。
The program offers grants to small businesses. 该计划为小企业提供资助。

n. [C] 使一个国家或人从另一人的控制中获得自由，即解放:
n. [C] 使某人摆脱束缚而自由地享受生活:
liberation |[͵lɪbə'reɪʃn][͵lɪbə'reɪʃn]
a war of liberation 解放战争 
national liberation 民族解放 
liberation movement 解放运动 
the liberation of the capital by allied forces 盟军解放首都 
the struggle for liberation from colonial rule 争取摆脱殖民统治的解放斗争
a feeling of liberation, a sense of liberation 无拘无束的感觉 
personal, sexual liberation 个人解放；性解放

vt. [正式] 观察到，看到，注意到:
vt.＆vi. [正式]（尤指为了解…而）仔细观察:
vt. [正式] 遵守法律、规则、习俗等:
vt. [正式] 庆祝节日、生日等。不常用:
vt.＆vi. [正式] 说话，做出评论，评述。此义与comment难见差别，只是observe为正式用法:
observe |[əb'zə:v]
to observe a big spot on the surface of the planet 观察到那颗行星表面的一个大斑点 
to have observed some changes 观察到一些变化 
I observed a man walked into the room. 我看到一个人走进了那个房间。
I observed that my book was on his desk. 我发现我的书在他的桌子上。
to observe the planet 观测那颗行星 
to observe the patient 观察那个病人 
to observe his behaviour 观察他的行为 
to observe the class 观摩课堂 
You can learn a lot by simply observing. 仅仅通过观察就能学到很多东西。
He was being observed from the window. 别人正透过窗户观察他。
She stood there, quietly observing the domestic scene. 她站在那儿默默地看着家中的这一幕。
to observe the rules 遵守规则 
to observe the ceasefire 遵守该项停火协议 
to observe three minutes’ silence 默哀三分钟 
This procedure must be correctly observed. 必须正确遵守这一程序。
to observe Christmas 过圣诞节
The police observe that the criminals will be punished eventually by law. 警方表示犯罪分子终将受到法律的制裁。
He observed that he would come. 他说他会来的。
She correctly observed that there was very little difference between the two parties on domestic policies. 她恰如其分地指出两党在国内政策上鲜有分歧。
‘You took your time,’ he observed coolly.“你不必着急。”他沉着地说。
The only certainties in this world, as Benjamin Franklin famously observed, are death and taxes. 这个世界上确定无疑的事，如本杰明·富兰克林那句名言所说，唯有死亡和税收。
‘It’s easy to say that,’ she observed to Michael, ‘but can you prove it!’ “那样说说很容易，”她对迈克尔说，“但是你能证明吗？”

vt. [正式] 建立或制定一个制度、体系、规章、政策等；开始一个过程，即实行:
n. [C] 拥有某一宗旨（或为执行某一任务或从事某项工作）的一个机构，尤与研究或教学相关，即研究所，协会；也可指这种机构的建筑:
institute |['ɪnstɪtju:t]
to institute some effective measures 制定一些有效措施 
to institute a number of changes 实行一些改革 
to institute criminal proceedings against sb 对某人提起刑事诉讼
institutes of higher education 高等学府 
professional institute 专业协会 
research, scientific, technical institute 研究所；科研机构；技术研究所 
the National Cancer Institute 国家癌症研究所 
the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 麻省理工学院 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants（英国皇家）特许会计师协会 

n. 1 [C] [美] 学院或大学的学生宿舍楼:
2 [C] 供若干人睡觉的一间屋子，即宿舍，或集体宿舍，如学校宿舍:
dormitory |['dɔ:mɪtərɪ]
a college dormitory 一栋大学宿舍楼 
the boys’ dormitory 男生宿舍

adj. 使人非常震惊的，即骇人听闻的，可怕的，相当于terrible。不太常用:
adj. [非正式] 用于强调某事物（尤用于强调有大量或许多某事物的）:
adv. [尤美，非正式] 非常，极其:
adj. [非正式] 非常糟糕或非常令人不悦（即讨厌）的:
awful |['ɔ:fl]
the awful horrors of war 骇人听闻的战争恐怖
I had an awful job persuading him to come.（英）说服他来真是费劲死了。
an awful lot of money 非常多的钱 
an awful lot of room 很多的空间 
I feel an awful lot better than I did yesterday. 我觉得身体比昨天好多了。
Clint is awful smart. 克林特机灵极了。
That’s an awful colour. 那个颜色很难看。
The fish tasted awful. 这鱼难吃。
an awful book 糟糕的书 
She’s the most awful snob. 她是那种最讨厌的势利小人。

n. [C, U] 一场突发的严重且危险的事件；或一个需要立刻采取行动去处理的情况（如紧急情况）:
emergency |[ɪ'mə:dӡnsɪ]
a state of emergency 紧急状态 
the emergency exit 紧急出口 
I always have some extra cash with me for emergencies. 我总是随身多带点现金以备急需。
a family emergency 家里的紧急情况 
health emergency 突发卫生事件 
emergency situation 紧急情况 
emergency measures, emergency response 应急措施；应急响应 
emergency aid 紧急援助

n. [U, C]（由于生活中遇到的问题所导致的）精神压力或心理负担（如担忧、紧张等）。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
stress sb (out) 变得太焦虑（或太疲惫）以致不能放松；使…变得太焦虑（或太疲惫）以致不能放松:
n. [U, C] stress (on sth)（压在某物上面，使其损坏或变形的）物理压力，也可叫应力。常是发生在物体与物体之间的“压力”（而pressure还可指液体或气体所产生的压力）。也可指此种“压强”。此时，在从属关系上，stress是pressure的一种，而stress更强调压力所产生的效果——损坏或变形:
n. [U] 由恶劣的环境所引起的疾病:
n. [U, C] 音乐中可指发某个音时所加的额外的力，即加强（音）:
n. [U, C] 重读或重音（即在单词或音节的发音过程中所施加的额外的力）。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
vt. 用重音读（单词或音节），即重读:
n. [U] stress (on sth) 所赋予的特殊重要性，即强调；重点:
vt.＆vi. 强调（一个事实或意见等）:
stress |[stres]
the daily stress of teaching 日常的教学压力 
mental, psychological stress 精神压力；心理压力 
work-related stress 工作压力 
economic stress 经济压力 
He’s been under a lot of stress lately. 他最近压力很大。
stress control 压力控制 
a stress reliever 减压手段 
Different organisms react differently to environmental stress. 不同生物对环境刺激有不同的反应。
vt.＆vi. stress out 
I try not to stress out when things go wrong. 出问题时，我尽量不紧张。
Driving in cities really stresses me (out). 在城市里开车让我真的很紧张。
to puts undue stress on the knees 给膝盖造成过度压力 
The tower exerts an enormous stress on the walls. 塔楼对墙壁造成巨大的压力。
The movements set up stresses in the earth’s crust. 这些运动给地壳造成了巨大的压力。
Those most vulnerable to heat stress are the elderly. 上了年纪的人最容易因受热而生病。
main, major, primary, strong stress 主重音；第一重音 
secondary, weak stress 次重音 
sentence, word stress 句子重音；单词重音 
The first syllable takes the stress. 第一个音节要重读。
You stress the first syllable in ‘happiness’. “happiness”一词重读第一个音节。
She lays great stress on punctuality. 她十分注重守时。
to place stress on cost 强调成本 
a study of child development, with the stress on acquisition of social skills 一项以社交技能习得为重点的儿童成长研究
I must stress that everything I’ve told you is strictly confidential. 我必须强调，我告诉你的一切都要严加保密。
Doctors have rightly stressed the importance of exercise. 医生恰当地强调了锻炼的重要性。
Private schools tend to stress the more academic subjects. 私立学校往往注重学术性较强的科目。

~ yourself forwards, etc. 猛扑向前:
vt. 开始从事一项活动，尤指发起有组织的活动:
vt. 产品首次上市或发行:
vt. 使船（尤指新船）下水:
vt. 发射航天器、武器等:
n. [usually sing.] 航天器或武器的发射；船的下水；产品的上市；事件的发起:
n. [C]（在江河、湖泊和港口载人的）带发动机的大型船只，即大型汽艇:
launch |[lɔ:ntʃ][lɔ:ntʃ]
vt. ~ yourself at, from, etc. sth 
Without warning he launched himself at me. 他突然向我猛扑过来。
to launch an appeal, to launch an inquiry, to launch a campaign 发起上诉；发起质询；发起一场运动 
to launch an attack, to launch invasion 发起攻击；发动侵略 
Heavy fighting has been going on after the guerrillas had launched their offensive. 游击队发起攻击后，激烈的战斗一直持续不断。
The police have launched an investigation into the incident. 警方已对该事件展开调查。
The new model will be launched in July. 新型号产品将在七月推出。
to launch a new jam 推出一款新果酱 
to launch a new range 推出新系列产品 
a party to launch his latest novel 他最新小说的首发式 
The Navy is to launch a new warship today. 海军今天有一艘新军舰要下水。
The lifeboat was launched immediately. 那艘救生艇被立刻放下了水。
There was no time to launch the lifeboats because the ferry capsized with such alarming speed. 渡轮瞬间倾覆，根本没时间放救生艇下水。
to launch a communications satellite 发射通信卫星 
to launch a rocket 发射火箭 
to launch a missile, to launch a torpedo 发射导弹；发射鱼雷
balloon, rocket, satellite, shuttle launch 气球的放飞；火箭的发射；卫星的发射；航天飞机的发射 
missile launch 导弹的发射 
the successful launch of the Ariane rocket 阿里亚娜火箭的成功发射 
launch pad, launch platform, launch site 发射台；发射平台；发射场 
commercial launch 商业发布 
book, campaign（尤英）, product launch 图书发布；运动的发起；产品的投放市场 
launch date 发布日 
launch party (= for a product or book) 发布仪式 
In the six months since its launch the car has sold extremely well. 这款汽车投放市场后的六个月中销售情况非常好。
a spring launch for the new TV system 新电视系统的春季发布 
She is signing copies of her book at the official launch. 她正在新书发布会上给自己的书签名。
a big Hollywood event to mark the launch of the movie 标志着这部电影发行的好莱坞盛会 
The show is timed to coincide with the launch of a new book on the subject. 这次演出特意安排与一本同主题新书的发布同步进行。
A couple of days ago we opened up the website for a soft launch. 几天前，我们对网站开始进行软启动运行。
The captain was on the deck of the launch, steadying the boat for the pilot. 船长站在汽艇甲板上为领航员保向。
We'll make a trip by launch to White Island. 我们将乘汽艇到怀特岛。          

vt.＆vi.（基于自己已有的知识）认为或相信某事是真实或可能的:
vt.&vi.（根据所知）认为、料想（某事是真的或可能的）:
vt. 假定（某事是真的）、假设（某事是真的将会发生什么）:
vt.&vi. 用于婉转表达一个陈述、要求、建议、询问意见、不耐烦或有些生气，如我看、要我说、要不:
vt.＆vi. 用于婉转地做出陈述、请求或建议，即要我说，要不，我看:
vt.&vi.（根据所知）推断（某事是真的或可能的）:
suppose |[sə'pəʊz][səˈpəʊz;美səˈpoʊz]
Getting a visa isn’t as simple as you might suppose. 办签证不像你想的那么容易。
Prices will go up, I suppose. 我觉得物价将会上涨。
She had supposed him (to be) very rich.（正式用法）她原以为他很有钱。
We commonly suppose that space and time are continuous. 我们通常认为空间和时间是连续的。
There is no reason to suppose she’s lying. 没理由认为她在撒谎。
Getting a visa isn't as simple as you might suppose. 办签证不像你想的那么容易。
Prices will go up, I suppose. 我觉得物价将会上涨。
We commonly suppose that space and time are continuous. 我们通常认为空间和时间是连续的。
It's reasonable to suppose that people go into this business in search of fame. 有理由认为人们进入这一行是为了出名。
This combination of qualities is generally supposed to be extremely rare.（正式）一般认为，同时具有这样一些品质极为罕见。
She had supposed him (to be) very rich.（正式）她原以为他很有钱。
I had supposed his wife a younger woman.（正式）我原以为他妻子要更年轻。
I don't suppose for a minute that he'll agree (= I'm sure that he won't). 我认为他决不会同意。
There is no reason to suppose she's lying. 认为她在说谎完全没道理。
I suppose you think it's funny, do you? (= showing anger) 你好像觉得这很好笑，是不是？
The policy is perfectly clear and I see no reason to suppose that it isn't working. 这项政策非常清楚明了，我没有理由认为它不会奏效。
I knew very well that the problem was more complex than he supposed. 我很清楚那个问题比他料想的要更复杂。
Suppose flights are fully booked on that day─which other day could we go? 假定那天的航班都订满了——我们还可以在哪天走呢？
Let us suppose, for example, that you are married with two children. 比方说，我们假设你成家了，还有两个孩子。
The theory supposes the existence of life on other planets.（正式）这个理论假定其他行星存在生命。
Suppose him dead─what then?（正式）假如他死了——那怎么办？
Suppose someone gave you an egg and asked you to describe exactly what was inside. 假设有人给了你一枚鸡蛋并要你准确描述鸡蛋里面有什么。
Supposing he's right and I do die tomorrow? Maybe I should take out an extra insurance policy. 假设他是对的，我确实明天就会死，那该怎么办？也许我应该再买一份保险。
I could take you in the car, I suppose (= but I don't really want to). 要不你坐我的车。
Do you suppose we could get together for a little chat sometime soon? 我们最近能抽空聚在一起聊上几句吗？
‘Can I borrow the car? ’ ‘I suppose so (= Yes, but I'm not happy about it).’ “我能借这辆车吗？”“应该可以吧。”
I don't suppose (that) I could have a look at your newspaper, could I? 我能不能看看您的报纸？
Suppose we take a later train? 要不我们坐晚一点的火车？
I get a bit uptight these days. Hormones, I suppose. 这些天我有点焦躁。我看是荷尔蒙在作怪。
I suppose I'd better do some homework. 我看我最好做做功课。
I don't suppose you could tell me where James Street is could you? 你能否告诉我詹姆斯街在哪儿？
Do you suppose he was telling the truth? 你认为他说的是实话吗？
What do you suppose they want with her? 你认为他们想从她那里得到什么？
I suppose you think you're funny. 我想你认为自己很好笑。
I don't suppose it occurred to you to notify the police. 我看你没想过要去通知警察。
I could take you in the car, I suppose (= but I don’t really want to). 要不你坐我的车。
‘Can I borrow the car?’ ‘I suppose so (= Yes, but I’m not happy about it).’ “我能借这辆车吗？”“应该可以吧。” 
Why do you suppose he resigned? 你凭什么推断他辞职了呢？

vt. 解除或免除（某人的职务等）。暗示有其他人来接班:
vt. 1 remove sth/sb (from sth/sb) 将…从某地移开、拿开等:
2 remove sth (from sb/sth) 去除或清除令人不快的、脏的等事物；使某事物消失:
vt.（从身体上）脱去（衣服等）:
n. [C, U] [正式] 两个相分离的事物之间的间距、差距、距离:
remove |[rɪ'mu:v]
The elections removed the government from power. 这次选举使得政府倒台。
He removed his hand from her shoulder. 他将手从她的肩膀上拿开。
Fittings should be completely removed for cleaning. 装置得全部移走以方便清扫。
to remove the dirty dishes 端走脏盘子 
Illegally parked vehicles will be removed. 非法停放的车辆将被拖走。
He was removed from the school. 他被学校开除。
She has had the tumour removed. 她的肿瘤已经切除了。
These stains can be difficult to remove. 这些污渍可能很难清除。
to remove problems, to remove obstacles, to remove objections, to remove hopes 解决问题；排除障碍；消除异议；断绝希望 
to remove barriers to communication between people 消除人们之间的沟通障碍 
The news removed any doubts about the company’s future. 这个消息消除了一切有关公司未来的疑虑。
She removed her glasses. 她摘下眼镜。
He seemed to be living at one remove from reality. 他好像生活在现实之外。

n. 1 [U] ~ (to sth) 暴露于（危险、有害或令人不悦的环境）:
2 [U]（对某人或某事物的坏的、不道德的或非法的事实的）揭露:
3 [U] 让通常处于隐藏状态下的事物暴露、显露出来:
n. [U]（一个人、公司、产品等）在电视、报纸等媒体上被报道:
n. [U] 极端寒冷所冻出来的病:
n. 1 [C]（拍照所用的）单张底片、胶卷:
2 [C]（拍照的）曝光时间、曝光量:
exposure |[ɪkˈspəʊʒə(r);美-ˈspoʊ-]
Exposure to lead is known to damage the brains of young children. 众所周知，接触铅对幼儿的大脑有害。
the potential exposure of people to nuclear waste 核废料对人们造成辐射的潜在风险 
prolonged exposure to harmful radiation 长时间接触有害辐射 
chemical, radiation, sun exposure 受化学品影响；暴露于辐射；日光照射 
asbestos, pesticide exposure 接触到石棉；接触到杀虫剂 
long-term human exposure to mercury 人长时间接触水银 
80% of patients with this form of cancer have had some occupational exposure to asbestos. 这种癌症的患者中有80%曾在工作中接触过石棉。
prenatal exposure to cigarette smoke 孕期接触香烟 
She suffered a massive exposure to toxic chemicals. 她大量接触到有毒化学物质。
The report recommends people to avoid prolonged exposure to sunlight. 报告建议人们应避免晒太阳时间过长。
the company's exposure on the foreign exchange markets (= to the risk of making financial losses) 公司面对外汇市场的风险 
Banks will seek to minimize their exposure to risk. 银行会试图将他们面临的风险最小化。
We try to give our children exposure to other cultures. 我们试图让孩子更多地接触其他文化。
exposure as a liar and a fraud 说谎者和骗子的面目被揭露 
the exposure of illegal currency deals 对非法交易货币的揭露 
the exposure of Anthony Blunt as a former Soviet spy 安东尼·布伦特前苏联间谍身份的曝光 
Their sporting reputation has suffered enormously from Johnson's exposure. 由于约翰逊东窗事发，他们的体育声誉受到了严重损害。
full exposure of the links between government officials and the arms trade 政府官员与军火交易关系的完全揭露 
public exposure 公开揭露 
Her new movie has had a lot of exposure in the media. 她的新片媒体有很多报道。
All the candidates have been getting an enormous amount of exposure on television and in the press. 所有候选人都在电视和报刊上频频亮相。
media, press, television exposure 媒体报道；新闻宣传；电视宣传 
He receives regular exposure in the papers.（regular尤为英式用法）他经常在报纸上露面。
The magazine aims to give exposure to the work of women artists. 这本杂志的目的是推广女性艺术家的作品。
a would-be television personality who is constantly trying to get media exposure 总是试图得到媒体报道想要成为电视名人的人
Two climbers were brought in suffering from exposure. 两名登山者因冻僵被带了进来。
He was suffering from exposure and shock but his condition was said to be stable. 他被冻伤了，而且出现了休克，但是据说情况稳定。
At least two people died of exposure in Chicago overnight. 昨天晚上，芝加哥至少有两人冻死。
There are three exposures left on this roll of film. 这卷胶卷还有三张没拍。
Larger drawings tend to require two or three exposures to cover them. 较大的图画往往需要两三张胶片才能拍下来。
I used a long exposure for this one. 我这张照片用的曝光时间长。
A tripod also lets you shoot long exposures at night. 三脚架也可以让你在晚上长时间曝光。
an exposure of 1/18sec at f/11 1/18秒f/11光圈的曝光量

vt. promote sb (from sth) (to sth)，常用被动式，（职位）晋升。是此义的常规用词，与demote相反:
vt. 促使某事发生或发展，即促进，推动，相当于encourage。是此义的常规用词:
vt. promote sth (from sth) (to sth)，将体育运动队晋级，反义词为relegate:
vt. promote sth (as sth) 促销，推销产品、服务等:
promote |[prə'məʊt]
He has been promoted to sales manager 他已晋升为销售经理。
to promote awareness of environmental issues 提高环保意识 
to promote economic growth 促进经济增长 
to promote commitment to the company 提高对公司的忠诚度 
to promote the violence 助长暴力 
Basketball stars have helped promote the sport overseas. 篮球明星们帮助推动了篮球运动在海外的发展。
They were promoted to the First Division last season. 他们上个赛季晋升为甲级队。
The company are heavily promoting this new product. 该公司正大力推销这款新产品。
The area is being promoted as a tourist destination. 该地区正被推广为旅游景点。

vt. [正式] 成功吸引并保持住（某人的注意力或兴趣）:
vt. [正式] ~ sb (as sth) 雇用、聘用（某人去做某项工作）:
engage sb in sth（使）参与（某项活动）:
vt.&vi. ~ (with sth)（使）机器零件相衔接或相啮合:
engage sb in sth（使）从事（某项活动）:
vi. ~ (with sth/sb) to become involved with and try to understand sth/sb 与某事物或某人建立密切关系并尽力理解:
vi. ~ (with sth/sb) to become involved with and try to understand sth/sb 与某事物或某人建立密切关系并尽力理解，有时可翻译为“适应”:
vi. ~ (with sth/sb) to become involved with and try to understand sth/sb 与某事物或某人建立密切关系并尽力理解:
vt.&vi. [正式] 与某人交战或开战:
engage |[ɪnˈgeɪdʒ]
It is a movie that engages both the mind and the eye. 这是一部令人赏心悦目的影片。
They never learned skills to engage the attention of the others. 他们从未学过吸引他人注意的技巧。
He is currently engaged as a consultant. 他现在受雇为顾问。
We engaged the services of a recognized engineer. 我们雇用了一个公认的杰出工程师。
He had been able to engage some staff. 他已经能够雇用一些员工。
vt.&vi. engage in sth 
I have never engaged in the drug trade. 我从未参与过毒品交易。
You can engage in croquet on the south lawn. 你可以参加南边草坪上的槌球游戏。
The party is attempting to engage young voters politically. 这个政党设法让年轻选民参与政治。
people who actively engage in shaping the world they live in 积极参与改造所生存的世界的人 
They constructively engage critics in debates. 他们建设性地使批评家们参与辩论。
The army was regularly engaged in combat. 陆军经常参与战斗。
be reluctant to, be unwilling to engage 不愿（让某人）参与…
One cogwheel engages with the next. 齿轮一个个啮合在一起。
The cogwheels are not engaging. 齿轮未啮合在一起。
Engage the clutch before selecting a gear. 先踩离合器再挂挡。
Press the lever until you hear the catch engage. 压下挡杆，直到听到挡挂好。
a lesson in how to engage the four-wheel drive 如何使四轮驱动啮合的课程
vt.&vi. engage in sth 
Even in prison, he continued to engage in criminal activities. 他甚至在监狱里还继续从事犯罪活动。
She tried desperately to engage him in conversation. 她用尽办法要他跟她谈话。
They tried to engage him in conversation. 他们试图跟他交谈。
We want to engage recognized leaders in discussion. 我们想和公认的领袖们进行讨论。
Our contributors are actively engaging with tradition. 我们的撰稿人在积极地涉猎传统问题。
We acknowledge the need to engage directly with these problems. 我们承认需要立即处理这些问题。
She had vowed to go out of her way to engage with the Irish people at local community level. 她已经发誓要努力和当地的爱尔兰人建立关系。
She found it hard to engage with office life. 她发现很难适应办公室生活。
She has the ability to engage with young minds. 她能够与年轻人心意相通。
It could engage the enemy beyond the range of hostile torpedoes. 从这可以避开敌方鱼雷区对敌人发动进攻。

adj. 1 uncertain (about/of sth) 不用于名词前，对某事感到怀疑的，不确定的，如拿不准的:
2 没有信心或信心不足的，相当于hesitant:
adj. 1（尤指以一种消极或令人不悦的方式）很可能改变的，如变化无常的、捉摸不定的:
2 不明确的、不确定的、未决定的，相当于unclear:
uncertain |[ʌn'sə:tn]
I’m uncertain about what to do. 我拿不准该怎么办。
I’m still uncertain of my feelings for him. 我仍不能肯定我对他的感情。
The baby took its first uncertain steps. 宝宝迈出了最初的蹒跚的脚步。
Our future looks uncertain. 我们似乎前途渺茫。
a man of uncertain temper 脾气令人捉摸不透的男人 
The world is inherently uncertain. 这个世界在本质上是变幻莫测的。
It is uncertain what his role in the company will be. 他在公司担当什么职务尚未决定。
immigration policies that made employment status uncertain 造成就业状况不确定的移民政策 
Whether diet is an important factor in this illness is still uncertain. 饮食是否是这种病的重要致病因素仍无法确定。

vt. [正式] 考虑到、顾忌:
vt. 为某人或某事物提供足够的空间，如容纳:
vt. ~ sb (with sth) [正式]（通过为某人做事来）帮助对方，如迎合、迁就:
~ sth/yourself to sth [正式]（改变自己的行为以更好地）适应新环境:
vt. 为某人提供一个睡觉、居住或坐着的房间，即为…提供住宿:
accommodate |[əˈkɒmədeɪt;美əˈkɑ:m-]
Our proposal tries to accommodate the special needs of minority groups. 我们的提案尽量照顾到少数群体的特殊需要。
The roads are built to accommodate gradual temperature changes. 修建这些道路时考虑到了温度的逐渐变化。
The way that American history is taught may change in order to accommodate some more of those cultures. 美国历史的授课方式可能会为了照顾到更多的文化而作改变。
The school in Poldown was not big enough to accommodate all the children. 波尔登的学校不够大，容不下所有的孩子。
It was a large hall, where a lot of people could be comfortably accommodated. 那个厅很大，可以容纳很多人而不拥挤。
The garage can accommodate three cars. 这个车库可以停放三辆轿车。
The CD-ROMs will accommodate the works of all English poets from 600 to 1900. 这些光盘能存下从公元600年到1900年所有英国诗人的作品。
Over 70 minutes of music can be accommodated on one CD. 一张激光唱片可以容纳70多分钟的音乐。
I have accommodated the press a great deal, giving numerous interviews. 我多次接受采访，已给了报界许多方便。
He has never put an arm around his wife to accommodate photographers. 他从未为了迎合摄影师而搂住妻子。
He's already altered several of the proposals in his economic plan to accommodate demands of special interests. 他已经改动了经济计划中的几项提议以迁就特殊利益集团的要求。
vt.&vi. ~ to sth 
Some animal and plant species cannot accommodate to the rapidly changing conditions. 某些种类的动植物不能适应迅速变化的环境。
She walked slowly to accommodate herself to his pace. 她走得很慢，以便与他保持一致的步伐。
I needed to accommodate to the new schedule. 我需要适应新的时间表。
The hotel can accommodate up to 500 guests. 这家旅馆可供500位旅客住宿。
a hotel built to accommodate guests for the wedding of King Alfonso 一家为接待前来参加阿方索国王婚礼的来宾而建的宾馆 
Students are accommodated in homes nearby. 学生被安置在附近的住家中。

n. [C] slave of/to sth指一个完全受某事物控制或影响的人，（这个人若离了该事物则不能生活或不能做出自己的决定）:
vi. slave (away) (at sth) 表示非常辛苦地工作:
n. [C] 奴隶:
slave |[sleɪv][sleɪv]
a slave of habit 一个受习惯支配的人 
We are slaves of the motor car. 我们离不了汽车。
Sue’s a slave to fashion. 休是个拼命赶时髦的人。
I’ve been slaving away all day. 我整天苦干。
to slave over a hot stove (= doing a lot of cooking) 围着灶台转
plantation slave 种植园奴隶 
slave master, slave owner 奴隶主 
slave trade 奴隶贸易 
slave society 奴隶社会 
slave uprising 奴隶起义 
slave wages（比喻用法）微薄的血汗钱
