mature						成熟的，明智的
contrast					差异，反面，反差，对比
clinic						诊所
award						奖，授予，判给
worthwhile					值得的
cruelty					残忍，暴行
threaten					恐吓，危及
chemical					化学制品，化学的
consistent					一贯的，持续的，不变的
renew						重新开始，续签
takeoff					起飞
innocent					无罪的，无害的
currently					当前
dropout					退学者
replace					放回，取代，更换
sightseeing					观光
honor						正义感，荣誉，荣幸，崇敬
honour						正义感，荣誉，荣幸，崇敬
imitate					仿效，模仿，复制
installment					一期付款，一集
personality					个性，气质，名人
headquarter					总部
ingredient					原料，因素
revenue					收入
sensitive					敏感的，善解人意的
particular					特别的，挑剔的，细节
tumor						肿瘤
consequence					结果，重要性
explicitly					明确的，生动的
sway						摇晃，势力
technical					技术的，专业的
\\\\\\\\

vi. mature (into sth) 使（技能或素质）成熟，即充分发展:
vi. 技术成熟:
adj.（葡萄酒或奶酪）发酵成熟的；已酿成的:
vt.＆vi. 葡萄酒或奶酪成熟；使葡萄酒或奶酪成熟。即酿成或使酿成:
adj. 1（儿童或年轻人）行事像成年人似的，成熟的，明白事理的（可表赞许）:
2 为一种礼貌或幽默的说法，表示某人不再年轻的:
vi.（情感和理智）成熟；行事开始像成年人一样:
adj.（人、树木、鸟或动物）发育成熟的:
vi. 发育成熟:
adj.（艺术作品）由艺术家在晚年所创作的，且表现出精湛技艺的:
adj.（保险单）到期应该支付的:
vi.（保险单、债券等投资）到达应付款的日期（即某公司到了该支付给投资人回报的时候）:
mature |[mə'tʃʊə]
She has matured into one of the country’s finest actresses. 她已经成长为这个国家一位最优秀的演员。
Technology in this field has matured considerably. 该领域的技术已经相当成熟。
mature cheese 酿熟的奶酪 
Unlike wine, brandy matures only in wood, not glass. 和葡萄酒不同，白兰地只能在木质容器里酿成，玻璃容器不行。
a fully matured cheese 完全酿熟的奶酪
Jane is very mature for her age. 简年龄不大，却很成熟。
a mature and sensible attitude 一副深谙世事的态度 
to be emotionally mature 在情感上成熟的 
clothes for the mature woman 成年妇女的服装 
a man of mature years 成年人 
He has matured a great deal over the past year. 经过过去这一年，他成熟了许多。
physically, sexually mature 生理上成熟；性成熟 
mature plant, mature elephant 成熟的植物；成熟的象 
This particular breed of cattle matures early. 这一品种的牛发育成熟快。
When the trees matured, they were cut. 当这些树长成时，它们就会被砍掉。
a period in which people mature physically and emotionally 人在生理和情感上成熟的一段时期 
She had matured into a beautiful young woman. 她已经出落成漂亮的大姑娘了。
These bonuses will be paid when your savings plan matures in ten years’ time. 当您的储蓄计划在十年后到期时，这些红利将会支付给您。

vt. ~ (A and/with B) 对两个事物进行对比、对照（以找出差异）:
vi. ~ (with sth)（靠近或作比较时）显出明显的差异，形成对比:
~ (to/with sb/sth) 对两个或多个人或事物进行的对比、对照:
2 [U]（摄影或绘画中的）颜色反差，明暗对比（以创造一种特殊的效果）:
3 [U]（电视屏幕的）图像明暗对比度，反差:
~ (to/with sb/sth)（将两个或多个人或事物进行对比或放在一起时所看出来的）差异:
2 [C] ~ (to sb/sth)（与其他同类相比）明显不同的人或事物:
vi. ~ (with sth)（靠近或作比较时）显出明显的差异:
contrast |[kənˈtrɑ:st;美-ˈtræst][ˈkɒntrɑ:st;美ˈkɑ:ntræst]
It is interesting to contrast the British legal system with the American one. 把英国的法制与美国的加以对比很有意思。
The poem contrasts youth and age. 这首诗对比了青春与老年。
She contrasted the situation then with the present crisis. 她将当时的情况和目前的危机进行对比。
Contrast that approach with what goes on in most organizations. 将那个方法和大多数机构现行的做法进行对比。
He contrasted her brashness unfavourably with his mother's gentleness. 他拿她的粗鲁与自己母亲的温柔相比，那她就逊色多了。
Compare and contrast the two main characters in the play. 比较并对照剧中的两个主要角色。
Her actions contrasted sharply with her promises. 她的行动与她的诺言相差甚远。
Her actions and her promises contrasted sharply. 她的行动与她的诺言相差甚远。
Johnson's easy charm contrasted sharply with the prickliness of his boss. 约翰逊的亲和力和他老板易怒的性格形成了鲜明的对比。
The open approach contrasts favourably with the exclusivity of some universities. 这种开放式的做法与一些大学的封闭排外相比，具有明显优势。
This statement contrasts starkly with his previous statements. 这一陈述与他先前的陈述形成了鲜明的对比。
Paint the wall in a contrasting colour. 把这面墙刷成对比鲜明的颜色。
His cream shirt contrasted beautifully with his tan skin. 米黄色的衬衫恰到好处地反衬出他晒黑的皮肤。
to show a sharp/stark/striking contrast with sth 与某事物形成鲜明（或明显、显著）的对比 
Careful contrast of the two plans shows some important differences. 把两个计划仔细地加以对比就可看出一些重要的差异。
The private sector, by contrast, has plenty of money to spend. 相比之下，私营部门就有很多钱可供开销。
In contrast, the lives of girls in well-to-do families were often very sheltered. 相反，生活在富裕家庭的女孩子通常都备受呵护。
There is a stark contrast between the lives of the rich and those of the poor. 穷人和富人的生活之间有着鲜明的对比。
Her hair was black, a stunning contrast to her pale complexion. 她的头发乌黑，与苍白的肤色形成极大的反差。
The two cities make an interesting contrast. 两座城市形成了有趣的对照。
The fresh fruit provides a contrast to the rich chocolate pudding. 新鲜的水果同甜腻的巧克力布丁形成对比。
He draws a sharp contrast between himself and his opponents. 他与对手之间形成了鲜明的对比。
When you look at their new system, ours seems very old-fashioned by contrast. 看看他们的新系统，相比之下我们的就显得太过时了。
The company lost $13 million this year, in contrast with a profit of $15 million last year. 同去年1,500万元的盈利相比，公司今年亏损了1,300万元。
Their attitudes towards love and marriage stand in stark contrast to those of their parents. 他们对待婚姻的态度同他们的父母形成鲜明的对比。
The artist's use of contrast is masterly. 这位艺术家娴熟地运用了明暗对比。
The flowers provide a contrast with the dark background. 这些花朵与深色的背景形成反差。
Use this button to adjust the contrast. 用此按钮调节图像明暗的对比度。
a television with brighter colours, better contrast, and digital sound 颜色更为鲜艳、图像对比度更高、具备数字音响效果的电视
There is an obvious contrast between the cultures of East and West. 东西方文化之间存在着明显的差异。
The situation when we arrived was in marked contrast to the news reports. 我们到达时的局势与新闻报道的截然不同。
His public statements have always been in marked contrast to those of his son. 他和他儿子在公开场合的言论总是截然不同。
That is in stark contrast to the situation during the 1970 oil crisis. 那和1970年石油危机时的情形完全不同。
the contrast between town and country 城乡差别 
The two visitors provided a startling contrast in appearance. 这两位访客的外表截然不同。
A wool jacket complements the silk trousers and provides an interesting contrast in texture. 毛料上衣配真丝长裤，质地上的差异非常有趣。
The writer emphasizes the contrast between conventional and alternative medicine. 作者强调了常规医疗与替代性医疗的差异。
The contrast between the sisters was striking. 姐妹之间的差别十分明显。
This busy social life was a complete contrast to his old quiet life. 这种忙碌的社交生活同他过去平静的生活截然不同。
The poverty of her childhood stands in total contrast to her life in Hollywood. 她孩提时的贫困处境与她在好莱坞的生活有着天壤之别。
The work you did today is quite a contrast to (= very much better/worse than) what you did last week. 你今天的成果与上周截然不同。
The boy's room is a complete contrast to the guest room. 这个男孩的房间和客房截然不同。
a country of great contrasts 一个截然不同的国家
Her actions contrasted sharply with her promises. 她的行动与她的诺言相差甚远。
Her actions and her promises contrasted sharply. 她的行动与她的诺言相差甚远。

n. 1 [C] [尤英] 门诊时间，或会诊时间:
2 [C]（医院中实习生所进行的）临床实习，临床教学:
n. 1 [C] 诊所，或医院的门诊部:
2 [C] [尤英] 私人诊所，或（专门治疗某类疾病的）专科医院:
3 [C] [美] 病人接受治疗的一栋建筑，即门诊治疗部，或称门诊楼；或一群医生共同工作的一栋建筑，即医疗中心:
n. [C]专业人士（尤指运动员）举办的培训班:
clinic |['klɪnɪk]
The antenatal clinic is on Monday. 产前检查时间为星期一。
hospital clinic 诊所；（医院的）门诊部 
health, medical clinic 保健诊所；医疗诊所 
private clinic 私人诊所 
rural clinic 乡村诊所 
fertility, infertility clinic 不孕不育门诊 
eye clinic 眼科门诊 
a clinic for asthma sufferers 治疗哮喘患 
drug clinic 戒毒诊所 
clinic nurse 门诊护士 
clinic appointment 门诊预约 
clinic patient 门诊病人者的诊所 
He was treated at the Paris clinic. 他曾在巴黎一家私人诊所接受治疗。
golf, tennis clinic 高尔夫球训练班；网球训练班

n. [C] award (for sth) 常用于具体的奖项名称，某人因自己所做的事所得到的奖赏（如金钱等），具体可称为奖、奖品、奖金、奖状、奖项。尤指官方颁发的奖:
award sth (to sb) 正式决定（或裁定）将某事物给予某人，作为一种奖励，如授予、奖励等:
award sth (to sb) 正式决定（或裁定）将某事物给予某人，作为一种偿付或奖励等，如授予、奖励、判给等:
n. [U] 正式决定给予某人某事物，如学业证书的授予:
award sth (to sb) 正式决定（或裁定）将某事物给予某人，作为一种偿付或奖励等，如授予、奖励、判给等:
vt. 将分数判给运动员或运动队:
n. [C]（某人所赚取的金钱数额的）增加:
n. [C] [英] 学生在学习或做研究期间所获得的用以补贴自己生活成本的钱，即奖学金、助学金:
n. [U] 学业证书的正式授予:
n. [C, U] 法院裁定胜诉方所应获得的一笔钱；也可指此种裁决（即赔偿裁决）（其本身只表示给予钱财，只有和表示钱财具体性质的词搭配，才能表示某种性质的赔偿金。如与damages搭配，共同表示损害赔偿金）:
award sth (to sb) 正式决定（或裁定）将某事物给予某人，作为一种偿付或奖励等，如判给等（其本身并不表示“补偿”，只是“给予补偿”中的“给予”，其后面要接“补偿”作为宾语才能共同表示“给予补偿”）:
award |[ə'wɔ:d]
annual award 年度奖项 
national award 国家奖 
cash award 现金奖励 
lifetime achievement, literary award 终生成就奖；文学奖 
the Housing Design Award 住宅设计奖 
award winner 获奖者 
award presentation, award ceremony 颁奖；颁奖仪式 
He was nominated for the best actor award. 他获得最佳演员奖提名。
vt. award (sb) sth 
He was awarded the Nobel Prize. 他获授诺贝尔奖。
Promotions were awarded to senior officials. 晋升机会给予了资深领导层。
vt. award (sb) sth 
He was awarded damages of £50 000. 他判得损害赔偿金5万英镑。
The judges awarded both finalists equal points. 裁判判定决赛双方得分相等。
He was awarded the Nobel Prize. 他获授诺贝尔奖。
Promotions were awarded to senior officials. 晋升机会给予了资深领导层。
the award of the Diploma of Social Work 社会福利工作文凭的授予 
vt. award (sb) sth 
He was awarded damages of £50 000. 他判得损害赔偿金5万英镑。
The judges awarded both finalists equal points. 裁判判定决赛双方得分相等。
He was awarded the Nobel Prize. 他获授诺贝尔奖。
Promotions were awarded to senior officials. 晋升机会给予了资深领导层。
The judges awarded both finalists equal points. 裁判判定决赛双方得分相等。
an annual pay award 年度加薪
Satisfactory completion of the course will lead to the award of the Diploma of Social Work. 合格完成此课程者将获得社会福利工作文凭。
an award of £600 000 libel damages 裁定名誉损害赔偿60万英镑 
pay award（尤英）薪金裁定 
compensation（尤英）, damages award 赔偿金；损害赔偿金 
vt. award (sb) sth 
He was awarded damages of £50 000. 他判得损害赔偿金5万英镑。

worthwhile (doing sth) 站在人的角度，认为…是值得的，值得在其上面花费时间、金钱或努力的，值得费周章的:
worthwhile |['wə:θ'waɪl]
adj. worthwhile (to do sth) 
a worthwhile cause 高尚的事业 
socially worthwhile goals 有社会价值的目标 
The smile on her face made it all worthwhile. 她脸上的笑容使得这一切都非常值得。
High prices in the UK make it worthwhile for buyers to look abroad. 英国的高价足以使买主把视线转向国外。
You might find it worthwhile to consult a lawyer. 你可能会发现向律师咨询很值得。
The gamble seemed hardly worthwhile. 这种冒险似乎并不值得。

n. 1 [U]（尤指蓄意的） 残酷，残忍，残暴:
2 [C, usually pl.] 残暴的行为:
n. [C, U] 不公的事情:
cruelty |[ˈkru:əlti]
cruelty to animals 对动物的虐待 
He had been unable to escape the cruelties of war. 他没能逃脱战争的残酷。
an act of extreme cruelty 一种极端残酷的行为 
deliberate cruelty（尤英）蓄意的残暴 
The deliberate cruelty of his words cut her like a knife. 他故意说的残酷无情的话对她像刀割一样。
casual cruelty 不经意的残酷 
animal, child（尤英）cruelty 虐待动物；虐待儿童 
Cases of child cruelty occur more often than they are observed. 虐待儿童的事件实际发生的比看到的要多。
the depths of human cruelty 人类的极端残忍 
How can you inflict such cruelty on a child? 你怎能如此虐待一个孩子? 
Her stepmother showed her nothing but cruelty. 她的继母对她只有虐待。
The children suffered mental culmination and neglect. 孩子们受到精神虐待，缺乏关爱。
She was shocked to see such cruelty. 看到这样的残忍行为她很震惊。
the cruelties of life 生活中的种种不公

vt.&vi.（坏事）看起来要发生，或看起来要造成坏事，即预示（坏事要发生）:
vt.&vi. ~ sb (with sth) 威胁、恐吓某人:
vt. 对…构成威胁，如危及、威胁到:
threaten |[ˈθretn]
A storm was threatening. 暴风雨即将来临。
The clouds threatened rain. 乌云密布预示大雨将至。
Plants must be covered with a leaf-mould or similarly protected if frost threatens. 如果霜冻来临，植物必须盖上腐叶土或用类似方法加以保护。
This dispute threatens to split the party. 这一分歧可能会造成党的分裂。
The fighting is threatening to turn into full-scale war. 这场战斗有可能会演变为全面的战争。
They broke my windows and threatened me. 他们砸碎我的窗子并威胁我。
The attacker threatened them with a gun. 袭击者用枪威胁他们。
He was threatened with dismissal if he continued to turn up late for work. 他受到警告，如果继续上班迟到，就被辞退。
The threatened strike has been called off. 扬言要进行的罢工被取消了。
The hijackers threatened to kill one passenger every hour if their demands were not met. 劫机者要挟说，如果他们的要求得不到满足，他们每过一小时就杀死一名乘客。
He said army officers had threatened to destroy the town. 他说陆军军官们曾威胁要摧毁那座小镇。
He tied her up and threatened her with a six-inch knife. 他把她捆起来，拿着一把六英寸长的刀子威胁她。
He says he was physically threatened in an attempt to get him to sign over his rights. 他说他曾受到人身威胁，要他签字让出权利。
She had repeatedly threatened to commit suicide. 她多次扬言要自杀。
I never felt threatened by him. 我从来没有觉得受他威胁。
Pollution is threatening marine life. 污染正危及海洋生物。
Many species are now threatened with extinction. 许多物种目前有灭绝之虞。
The newcomers directly threaten the livelihood of the established workers. 新来的工人直接威胁到老工人的饭碗。
The unity of our society is threatened by troublesome and restless minorities. 我们社会的团结遭到了一小撮滋扰生事、不安分守己的群体的威胁。
to threaten the stability of the whole area 威胁整个地区的稳定 
Our marriage was constantly threatened by his other women. 我们的婚姻不断受到他的其他女人的威胁。
Our way of life is gravely threatened. 我们的生活方式受到严重威胁。

adj. 1 与化学有关的:
2 由化学过程所产生的:
n. [C] 通过（或利用）化学过程所得到的物质，或用于化学过程的物质，即化学制品，化学品，化学物质:
chemical |['kemɪkl]
a chemical element 化学元素 
the chemical composition of the ocean 海洋的化学成分 
chemical factory, chemical plant, chemical works 化工厂 
chemical company 化工企业 
chemical industry 化学工业 
chemical weapon 化学武器 
chemical reactions, chemical processes 化学反应；化学过程 
organic chemical 有机化学品 
synthetic chemical 合成的化学品 
dangerous, poisonous chemical 危险化学品；有毒化学物质 
agricultural chemical 农用化学品

adj.（论点、论据或一套观点）相互连贯的:
adj. 以相同的方式发生并持续一段时间的，如连续的，持续的:
adj. [褒]（行为）始终如一的；总是拥有相同的观点、标准等的:
adj. consistent with sth 与某事物一致的，相符的；与某事物不矛盾的:
consistent |[kən'sɪstənt]
His argument is not even internally consistent. 他的论点甚至本身也自相矛盾。
consistent growth in the economy 经济持续增长
She’s not very consistent in the way she treats her children. 她对待孩子反复无常。
a consistent player 状态稳定的选手 
a consistent approach to the problem 解决问题的一贯方法 
We must be consistent in applying the rules. 我们在实施这些规则时必须保持一致。
His attitude isn’t absolutely consistent. 他的态度并不是始终如一的。
The results are entirely consistent with our earlier research. 这些结果与我们早些时候的研究完全吻合。
This is relatively consistent across all age groups. 这一点在所有年龄段中都相对一致。
injuries consistent with a fall from an upper storey 和从楼上摔下来的情形相符合的伤处 
The pattern is strikingly consistent in the four samples. 四件样品的图案惊人地一致。

vt. 延长（执照、合同等的）有效期；使续签:
vt.（中断后）重新开始:
vt. 重新建立关系:
vt. 更新、更换（旧的或损坏的东西）:
vt. 重申；重复强调:
renew |[rɪˈnju:;美-ˈnu:]
to renew a licence, to renew a lease, to renew a subscription, to renew a contract 延长执照的期限；续签租约；续订；续签合约 
Larry's landlord threatened not to renew his lease. 拉里的房东威胁说不跟他续租。
The job was for a fixed term and the contract is not being renewed. 这个工作有固定期限，而且合同不能续签。
How do I go about renewing my passport? 我该如何去续签护照？
I'd like to renew these library books (= arrange to borrow them for a further period of time). 我想续借这几本图书馆的书。
Membership must be renewed annually. 会员资格必须每年更新一次。
The army renewed its assault on the capital. 军队重新发动对首都的攻击。
We have to renew our efforts to attract young players. 我们只好重新开始努力吸引年轻队员。
He renewed his attack on government policy towards Europe. 他重新开始对政府的欧洲政策进行抨击。
He believes the peace talks will be renewed soon. 他相信和平谈判不久将会重新开始。
a renewed interest in public transport systems 对公交系统重新产生的兴趣 
The annual dinner is a chance to renew acquaintance with old friends. 一年一度的聚餐会是与老朋友叙旧的好机会。
When the two men met again after the war they renewed their friendship. 两个人在战争结束后再次见面时重归于好。
In December 1989 Syria renewed diplomatic relations with Egypt. 1989年12月，叙利亚和埃及重新建立了外交关系。
The wiring in your house should be renewed every ten to fifteen years. 你家里的电线应该每十到十五年更新一次。
The paintwork will need renewing every five years. 每五年需要重新粉刷一次。
Cells are being constantly renewed. 细胞不断再生。
to renew an appeal, to renew a request, to renew a complaint 再次呼吁；再次请求；再次投诉 
Community leaders have renewed calls for a peaceful settlement. 社区领导人再次呼吁要和平解决。
The project is to go ahead following renewed promises of aid from the UN. 在得到联合国重申提供帮助的承诺以后，这个项目将着手进行。


takeoff | 脱掉,起飞

adj. 1（问题、话语或评论等）不想给某人造成伤害或烦恼的，即无恶意或无冒犯之意的:
2 涉世不深的，尤指很少经历过性、邪恶或坏事的，即天真无邪的、纯真的:
n. [C] 阅历浅的人，天真单纯的人，尤指小孩子:
adj. 1 innocent (of sth) 没有犯罪或犯错的，是此义的常规用词:
2 只作前置定语，在犯罪或战争等事件中，无辜而受到伤害或被杀的:
innocent |['ɪnəsnt]
innocent question, innocent remark, innocent fun 无恶意的问题；无恶意的话语；无恶意的玩笑（或纯属娱乐）
The circumstance could be perfectly innocent, but suspicions have been raised. 虽然情况显得没有任何危险，但还是有人表示怀疑。
an innocent young child 天真无邪的小孩子 
She was sixteen and sweetly innocent. 她当时十六岁，纯真可爱。
a hopeless innocent 一个无可救药的无知者
the innocent party 无过错的一方 
He pleaded innocent to the charges. 他对各项指控均申辩自己是清白的。
I had always believed her innocent. 我一直相信她是清白的。
The court found her innocent of the crime. 法庭判决她无罪。
innocent victims of a terrorist attack 恐怖袭击的无辜受害者 
to kill innocent civilians 杀害无辜平民

at the present time:目前
currently |ˈkʌrəntli| Adverb/:目前,现在
the EC is currently attempting greater economic integration:欧盟目前正在尝试更大程度的经济一体化

a person who has abandoned a course of study or who has rejected conventional society to pursue an alternative lifestyle:放弃学业或拒绝传统社会追求另类生活方式的人
the restarting of play with a drop kick.:用踢球重新开始比赛。
a momentary loss of recorded audio signal or an error in reading data on a magnetic tape or disk, usually due to a flaw in the coating.:录制的音频信号的瞬间丢失或读取磁带或磁盘上的数据时出现错误，通常是由于涂层中的缺陷。
a U-shaped slot at the end of a fork or stay on a bicycle, made to receive the axle and enabling the wheel to be changed rapidly.:一个U形槽在前叉末端或自行车上，用来容纳车轴，使车轮能够快速更换。
dropout |ˈdrɒpaʊt| Noun/:辍学,退出
a college dropout:一个大学辍学生

vt. 把某事物放回原处:
vt. 1 取代（其他的人或事物而被使用）；代替其他的人或事物去做某事。相当于take over from:
2 replace sb/sth (with/by sb/sth) 移除某人或某事物，并将另一个人或事物放在移除后的位置上，即用…替换（或接替）…:
vt. 将老的、坏掉的某事物更换成一个更新的或更好的相同事物，即更换、更新:
replace |[rɪ'pleɪs]
I replaced the cup carefully in the saucer. 我小心翼翼地将杯子放回茶碟。
The new design will eventually replace all existing models. 新的设计最终将会取代所有现有的型号。
Machine can’t replace people in this work. 机器无法代替人做这项工作。
These losses are not easily replaced. 这些损失不容易弥补。
These guidelines effectively replaced the official procedure. 这些准则事实上替代了官方程序。
Williams has temporarily replaced Reed on the first team. 威廉姆斯暂时顶替里德进入了一队。
He will be difficult to replace when he leaves. 他离开后，他的位置很难有人接替。
It is not a good idea to miss meals and replace them with snacks. 不吃正餐，改吃点心，这不是什么好主意。
All the old carpets need replacing. 所有的旧地毯都需要更换。

n. [U]（作为一名游客）对某些有趣的建筑物（或地方）所进行的游览、观光:
sightseeing |['saɪtsi:ɪŋ]
three days of sightseeing in Beijing 北京三日游 
It’s too hot to go sightseeing. 天气太热，不适合去观光。
sightseeing tour, sightseeing trip 观光游览


honor | 荣誉,尊敬,兑现

n. [pl.] honours或honors可表示优异成绩:
n. 1 [U] 好的名声或名誉，或来自他人的尊敬，即荣誉（可以因为某人完成了某件重要的事，但原因也不限于此）:
2 [sing.] honour to sth/sb 引起他人尊敬的人或事物:
3 [C] 为表彰某人而向其颁发的奖项、正式（或官方）头衔等:
vt. honour sb/sth (with sth) (for sth) 为某人的事迹或成就等而给予其公开表彰（或给予奖励、头衔、称号）:
vt. 执行计划安排或履行诺言:
n. [U] 道义，气节，正义感，即行为符合自己心中的道德原则:
n. [C] 常用复数，在纸牌游戏中可表示拥有最大点数的一些牌:
n. 1 [U] 对某人极大的尊敬、崇敬、敬意:
2 [sing.] 正式用法，表示荣幸，光荣。与privilege有时可互换:
3 [C] His/Her/Your Honour用于表示对法官或美国市长的敬称，即法官大人，（美国）市长阁下:
vt. 1 honour sb (with sth) 待某人以尊敬或尊重:
2 用被动式，be/feel honoured (to do sth) 或 be/feel honoured by sth 表示感到荣幸:
n. [pl.] honours或honors常用作形容词，表示美国学校的优等班:
n. [pl.] honours或honors常用作形容词，表示大学的荣誉学位课程:
honour |['ɒnə]（美honor）
She holds an MBA with honours from the University of California, Los Angeles. 她以优异的成绩取得了加利福尼亚大学洛杉矶分校的工商管理学硕士文凭。
He passed with second-class honours. 他以二级优等成绩通过了考试。
family, national, personal honour 家族荣誉；国家的荣誉；个人荣誉 
to defend the honour of her profession 维护她所属行业的声誉 
She brought honour to her country. 她为祖国增了光。
a matter of honour 关乎名誉的事情 
a sense of honour 荣誉感 
a roll of honour（英）（美用honor roll）荣誉名册 
She is an honour to the profession. 她是这一行业的光荣。
television’s highest honour 电视界的最高奖项 
academic, battle, civilian, political honour 学业优异（奖）；战斗勋章；平民荣誉；政治头衔 
He was buried with full military honours. 他以隆重的军礼下葬。
He has been honoured with a knighthood for his scientific work. 他因科研成就而获授爵士头衔。
to honour a contract 履行合约 
to honour a cheque 承兑支票
a man of honour 品德高尚的人 
a man without honour 小人 
a matter of honour 道义上的事 
honour code, honour system 品行准则；（考试无监考、监狱无看守等的）信誉制度
the guest of honour 贵宾 
the seat of honour 贵宾席 
They organized a party in his honour. 他们专门为他组织了一场聚会。
a guard of honour（尤英）仪仗队 
They stood in silence as a mark of honour to the drowned sailors. 他们默默伫立，向罹难的海员致敬。
It was a great honour to be invited here today. 今日承蒙邀请至此，深感荣幸。
Will you do me the honour of dining with me? 您能否赏光与我吃顿便饭？
No more questions, Your Honour. 没有其他问题了，法官大人。
The President honoured us with a personal visit. 总统亲临，使我们感到荣幸。
our honoured guests 我们的贵宾 
I’m honoured to present this speech. 我很荣幸能够发表本次讲话。
first-class honours（英）一级荣誉学位 
honours degree 荣誉学位 
honours graduate 荣誉学位课程毕业生 
She earned a bachelor’s degree with honours in English. 她获得了英语学士荣誉学位。

vt. 模仿、仿效:
vt. 为了取乐而模仿某人的讲话或举止:
imitate |[ˈɪmɪteɪt]
Her style of painting has been imitated by other artists. 她的绘画风格为其他画家所模仿。
a genuine German musical which does not try to imitate the American model 不刻意模仿美国模式的真正的德国音乐剧 
Art imitates Nature. 艺术是对大自然的仿制。
Teachers provide a model for children to imitate. 教师是孩子仿效的典范。
a precedent which may be imitated by other activists in the future 将来可能会被其他激进分子仿效的先例 
No computer can imitate the complex functions of the human brain. 任何计算机都无法模拟人脑的复杂功能。
She knew that the girls used to imitate her and laugh at her behind her back. 她知道那些女孩子过去常在背地里模仿她、嘲笑她。
Clarence screws up his face and imitates the Colonel again. 克拉伦斯又板起面孔,模仿起上校来。
to imitate his accent 模仿他的口音


installment | 分期付款

n. 1 [U] 一个人有趣的或有魅力的品质，如魅力、气质:
2 [C] 有个性魅力的人:
n. [C]（尤指娱乐界或体育界的）名人:
n. 1 [C, U] 人的（区别于别人的）性格、个性、人格:
2 [U] 一个人有趣的或有魅力的品质，如魅力、气质:
3 [C] 性格鲜明的人；有突出个性的人:
n. [U] 某地或某事物的有趣的或有区别性的特色、特征:
personality |[ˌpɜ:səˈnæləti;美ˌpɜ:rs-]
We need someone with lots of personality to head the project. 我们需要一位富有魅力的人来主持这个项目。
a woman of great personality 极有个性的女人 
Their son is a real personality. 他们的儿子真是有个性。
He is such a personality--he is so funny. 他很有个性魅力——非常风趣。         
personalities from the world of music 音乐界名流 
political, sports personality 政界名人；体育界名人 
media, radio, television, TV personality 媒体名人；电台名人；电视名人 
on-air personality（美）无线广播人物 
a broadcast network with well-known on-air personalities 携有知名播音员的广播网 
the personality cult surrounding Stalin 对斯大林的个人崇拜
bright, bubbly, extrovert（尤英）, jovial, lively, outgoing, sparkling, vibrant, vivacious personality 开朗的性格；活泼的个性；外向的个性；乐观的性格；风趣的性格 
attractive, charming, lovely（尤英）, nice, pleasant, warm personality 迷人的个性；讨人喜欢的个性；和蔼可亲的性格 
her amiable nature and easygoing personality 她和蔼的性格和随和的个性 
dominant, dynamic, forceful, formidable, powerful, strong personality 强势的个性；坚强的个性；令人敬畏的人格 
authoritarian personality 专制人格 
vulnerable（英）, weak personality 脆弱的个性；软弱的性格 
She manages to project a very distinct personality. 她设法表现出非常鲜明的个性。
quirky personality 古怪的个性 
complex personality 复杂的个性 
volatile personality 反复无常的个性 
creative personality 创造性人格 
dual, multiple, split personality 双重人格；多重人格；分裂人格 
He developed a split personality after the crash. 那次撞车后他变得人格分裂了。
Addictive personalities can run in families. 成瘾个性会在家族中世代相传。
antisocial personality 反社会个性 
Barbara is/has a very forceful personality. 芭芭拉是一个个性很强的人。
The events of her early life shaped her personality. 她童年经历的事塑造了她的个性。
His choice of clothes reflects his personality. 他对衣服的选择反映了他的个性。
She has brought out her husband's personality since their relationship began. 从他们谈恋爱以来，她就让丈夫完全释放出其个性。
The job didn't really suit my personality. 这项工作并不太适合我的性格。
personality type 个性类型 
personality characteristic, personality quirk（尤美）, personality trait 性格特点；性格怪癖；性格特征 
personality disorder, personality flaw, personality problem 人格障碍；人格缺陷；人格问题 
personality development个性发展 
personality change 个性变化 
personality assessment（尤美）, personality profile, personality test个性评估；个性分析；个性测试 
From your personality profile, it seems you're interested in politics. 从你的个性分析结果来看，你似乎对政治感兴趣。
All candidates have to undergo a personality test. 所有候选人都必须接受个性测试。
There was a personality clash between two members of the committee. 两名委员会成员性格不合。
personality conflicts between a faculty member and a student 师生之间的性格冲突 
For the first time she was seeing the more unpleasant aspects of her husband's personality. 她第一次看到了丈夫个性中不那么令人愉快的方面。
She stamped her personality on the company. 公司带有她鲜明的个性色彩。
His wife has a strong personality. 他妻子的个性很强。
The children all have very different personalities. 孩子们的性格各不相同。
He maintained order by sheer force of personality. 他纯凭人格力量维护秩序。
There are likely to be tensions and personality clashes in any social group. 任何社会团体都容易出现关系紧张和性格冲突。
She has such a kind, friendly personality. 她个性善良友好。
Through sheer force of personality Hugh Trenchard had got his way. 休·特伦查德完全凭着个人魅力就能随心所欲。
He has achieved success by the sheer strength of his personality. 他全凭自己人格的力量获得了成功。
We need someone with lots of personality to head the project. 我们需要一位富有魅力的人来主持这个项目。
a woman of great personality 极有个性的女人 
Their son is a real personality. 他们的儿子真是有个性。
He is such a personality--he is so funny. 他很有个性魅力——非常风趣。
The problem with many modern buildings is that they lack personality. 许多现代建筑物的问题在于缺乏特色。
Interesting dis-plays can add personality to your store window.（add尤为美式用法）有趣的展品可以为商店的橱窗增添个性。

have headquarters at a specified location:将总部设在指定地点
headquarter |ˈhɛdˌk(w)ɔːtə| Verb/:总部,美国
Unesco is headquartered in Paris:联合国教科文组织总部设在巴黎

n. 1 [C] ~ (of/in/for sth) 成分，尤指烹饪的原料:
2 [C] ~ (of/in/for sth) 某事成功的因素、要素:
n. [C] ~ (of/in/for sth) 烹饪的原料:
ingredient |[ɪnˈgri:diənt]
Coconut is a basic ingredient for many curries. 椰子是多种咖喱菜的基本成分。
It always pays to use the best ingredients when cooking. 烹饪时选用最好的食材往往是值得的。
Mix in the remaining ingredients. 混入其余的原料。
Use a spoon to mix the dry ingredients. 用勺子把干料混合在一起。
Pour all of the ingredients into a blender. 把所有原料都倒入搅拌机内。
Blend all the ingredients together in a bowl. 把所有配料在碗中混合起来。
Add all the remaining ingredients and bring to the boil. 加入所有剩余的原料，加热指沸腾。
raw ingredient 生料 
food ingredient 食品配料 
salad ingredient 色拉配料 
ingredient list 配料表 
ingredient label（美）成分标签 
All food products should carry a list of ingredients on the packet. 所有食品都带有配料表。
herbal ingredient（尤美）草本成分 
Our skin cream contains only natural ingredients. 我们的护肤霜只含天然成分。
chemical ingredient 化学成分 
organic, toxic ingredient 有机成分；有毒成分 
the principal ingredient of smog 烟雾的主要成分 
salicylic acid, the active ingredient in aspirin 阿司匹林中的活性成分水杨酸 
The two drugs contain the same active ingredients. 这两种药含有相同的活性成分。
the essential ingredients for success 成功的基本要素 
Hard work is a vital ingredient for success. 勤奋努力是获得成功至关重要的因素。
I think that is one of the major ingredients in his success. 我认为那是他成功的主要因素之一。
Individualism has been the secret ingredient in developing his chain of fashion stores. 讲求个性化是他发展时装连锁店的成功秘笈。
a style which incorporated ingredients from the music of many different countries 融合了很多不同国家音乐元素的风格 
It has all the ingredients of a good mystery story. 这部作品具有构成一个好的神秘故事所有的因素。
The little town has all the right ingredients for a murder mystery. 这个小镇具备发生谋杀悬案的所有要素。
The meeting had all the ingredients of high political drama. 这次会议具备了作为高度戏剧性的政治事件的一切要素。
Forecasting is a basic ingredient of business planning. 预测是商业规划中的一项基本要素。
The Australian team had the added ingredient of perseverance. 澳大利亚队另外还具有意志品质顽强的特点。
She hopes the change of career will supply the missing ingredient in her life-- excitement. 她希望换工作能给她带来生活中一直缺失的元素——刺激。
Tolerance is an essential ingredient for a happy marriage. 包容是幸福婚姻的一个基本要素。           
Coconut is a basic ingredient for many curries. 椰子是多种咖喱菜的基本成分。
It always pays to use the best ingredients when cooking. 烹饪时选用最好的食材往往是值得的。
Mix in the remaining ingredients. 混入其余的原料。
Use a spoon to mix the dry ingredients. 用勺子把干料混合在一起。
Pour all of the ingredients into a blender. 把所有原料都倒入搅拌机内。
Blend all the ingredients together in a bowl. 把所有配料在碗中混合起来。
Add all the remaining ingredients and bring to the boil. 加入所有剩余的原料，加热指沸腾。
raw ingredient 生料 
food ingredient 食品配料 
salad ingredient 色拉配料 
ingredient list 配料表 
ingredient label（美）成分标签 
All food products should carry a list of ingredients on the packet. 所有食品都带有配料表。           

n. [U]（也可用revenues[pl.]）政府通过税收获得的收入，或组织机构等通过商业行为获得的收入:
revenue |[ˈrevənju:;美-nu:]
federal, government, public, state, tax 联邦收入；政府收入；公共收入；国家收入；税收收入 
the main sources of public revenue 公共收入的主要来源 
a shortfall in tax revenue 税收收入不足 
One study said the government would gain about $12 billion in tax revenues over five years. 一项研究表明政府将在五年中获得约120亿美元的税收。
Tax fraud costs the country millions in lost revenue. 税务欺诈使该国损失数百万的收入。
The central government collects the tax revenue. 税款由中央政府收取。
Their government's revenues come mainly from direct taxes. 他们的政府收入主要来自直接税收。
advertising, export, oil, sales, tourism, tourist revenue 广告收入；出口收入；石油收入；销售收入；旅游业收入；旅游收入 
the firm's expected annual revenue 公司的预期年收入 
These television companies rely on advertising revenue for their funds. 这些公司以广告收入作为资金。
The project will not generate any revenue until 2025. 该项目要到2025年才会产生收益。
Licensing the technology has created a new revenue stream for the company. 授权该项技术为该公司创造了一项新的收入来源。revenues from the sale of oil 石油销售的收入 
a slump in oil revenues 石油收入的下跌 
Tourism is the island's main source of revenue. 旅游业是该岛的主要收入来源。
revenue share 收入分成 
net revenue 净收入

adj. sensitive (to sth) 意识到并能够理解他人和他人的感觉的，即善解人意的，体贴的:
adj. 1 sensitive (about/to sth) 容易被冒犯或生气的，即易怒的，神经过敏的:
2（信息、话题）不得不谨慎对待的（因为其可能会冒犯别人或使别人生气），即敏感的:
adj. sensitive (to sth) 能够测量出微小的变化的，即对微小变化敏感的:
adj. 能够理解艺术、音乐和文学并能通过其表达自己的，即对（艺术、音乐、文学）敏感的:
adj. sensitive (to sth)（对低温、光、食物等）反应过敏的（即反应过快或过大）:
sensitive |['sensɪtɪv]
She is very sensitive to other people’s feelings. 她很能体谅他人的感受。
Her experiences had made her sensitive to other people’s troubles. 她的经历使她善于体察他人的烦恼。
Researchers tried to remain sensitive to local issues. 研究者努力体察地方事务。
a sensitive man 善解人意的男子 
Horses are very sensitive to their riders’ moods. 马能敏锐地感受到骑马人的情绪。
You’re far too sensitive. 你也太敏感了。
He’s very sensitive about his weight. 他很忌讳别人说他胖。
She’s very sensitive to criticism. 她一听批评就急。
Teenagers are often very sensitive about their appearance. 青少年常常对自己的外表很在意。
Health care is a sensitive issue. 医疗卫生是一个敏感问题。
commercially sensitive information 商业上的敏感信息 
culturally sensitive policies 文化上的敏感政策 
The information was deemed too sensitive to be broadcast. 这条消息被认为过于敏感而不宜报道。
a sensitive instrument 灵敏的仪器 
The equipment is highly sensitive. 这套设备灵敏度很高。
sensitive to the slightest movement 对极轻微的移动都很敏感 
The Stock Exchange is very sensitive to political change.（比喻用法）证券市场对政局变化非常敏感。
an actor’s sensitive reading of the poem 演员对那首诗富有表现力的朗诵 
a sensitive portrait 栩栩如生的画像 
sensitive areas of the body 身体的敏感区域 
My teeth are very sensitive to cold food. 我的牙齿对冷食过敏。
These drugs can make skin extremely sensitive to sunlight. 这些药物会造成皮肤对日照极度敏感。

adj. particular (about/over sth)（对自己所喜欢的东西）非常明确的，（对自己所选择的东西）非常仔细的，即讲究的，挑剔的，相当于fussy:
adj. 只用于名词前，比平常要更大（或更好、程度更深等）的，不寻常的，格外的，特别的:
n. [pl.] [正式] particulars 可指（关于财产、业务、工作岗位等的）详细书面材料:
adj. 只用于名词前，用于强调你正指的是特定的一个人、事物或类别（而非其他类似者），即特指的，相当于specific:
n. [usually pl.] [正式]（尤指正式写下的）一个事实或细节、详情:
particular |[pə'tɪkjələ]
She’s very particular about her clothes. 她对衣着特别挑剔。
We must pay particular attention to this point. 我们必须特别注意这一点。
These documents are of particular interest. 这些文件让人尤其感兴趣。
Application forms and further particulars are available from the Personnel Office. 申请表及其他详细资料可向人事部索取。
There is one particular patient I’d like you to see. 我想让你见一个病人。
Is there a particular type of book he enjoys? 他有特别喜爱的哪一类书籍吗？
The police officer took down all the particulars of the burglary. 这名警察记下了窃案发生的详细情况。
The nurse asked me for my particulars. 护士向我询问了我的个人资料。
The new contract will be the same in every particular as the old one. 新合同与旧合同的各项细节将完全相同。


tumor | 瘤,肿瘤

n. [C] consequence (for sb/sth) 已发生之事件的结果。虽然是一个中性词，但常表示不好的结果:
n. [U] [正式] 重要性:
consequence |['kɒnsɪkwəns]
This decision could have serious consequences for the industry. 这项决定可能对该行业造成严重后果。
He drove too fast with tragic consequences. 他开车太快，结果酿成惨剧。
beneficial, good, positive consequence 有益的结果；有利的结果；积极的结果 
economic, emotional, environmental, health, political, social consequence 经济影响；情绪上的影响；环境影响；对健康的影响；政治影响；社会影响 
You must accept the full consequences of your actions. 你必须承担你的行为所造成的全部后果。
It’s of no consequence. 别担心，这无关紧要。
Matters of justice are of great consequence. 司法问题举足轻重。
I’d never done anything of consequence in my life. 我一生中从未干过什么大事。
Tom’s first feature film of any consequence 汤姆第一部有分量的故事片 
The majority of these losses are of little consequence. 这些损失大部分并不严重。

in a clear and detailed manner, leaving no room for confusion or doubt:以清晰详细的方式，不留任何混淆或怀疑的余地
(in reference to representations of sexual activity) graphically and vividly:（关于性活动的表现形式）形象生动
explicitly |ɛkˈsplɪsɪtli| Adverb/:明确的,显式
the essay should state explicitly how the facts support the thesis:论文应明确说明事实如何支持论文

n. [C] [文学] 对某人的统治、控制、影响、支配:
vt. [常用被动式] 说服某人（让其相信某事或让其去做某事），如使某人动摇。相当于influence:
vt.&vi.（使）慢慢地从一侧移动到另一侧，如摇摆:
n. [C] 左右摇摆、摆动:
sway |[sweɪ]
Rebel forces hold sway over much of the island. 该岛很大一部分控制在叛军手里。
He was quick to exploit those who fell under his sway. 他毫不犹豫地利用受他控制的那些人。
South of the Usk, a completely different approach seems to hold sway. 阿斯克以南盛行的似乎是一种完全不同的方式。
The 'families' are the basic units, each holding sway over a recognised territory. “家庭”是基本单位，每一个家庭都控制着自己受人认可的领地。
How mothers keep daughters under their sway is the subject of the next five sections. 在接下来的 5 节将探讨母亲怎样管教女儿。
He's easily swayed. 他很容易动摇。
He will not easily be swayed by argument. 他不会轻易被某一观点左右。
She wasn't swayed by his good looks or his clever talk. 他相貌不凡，谈吐风趣，但她不为所动。
Don't ever be swayed by fashion. 永远不要受潮流的影响。
last minute efforts by the main political parties to sway the voters in tomorrow's local elections 主要政党为说服选民在明天的地方选举中投自己一票而作出的最后努力
The curtains swayed gently in the breeze. 窗帘在微风中轻轻摆动。
Trees swayed gently in the breeze. 树在微风中轻轻摇晃。
The branches were swaying in the wind. 树枝在风中摇曳。
She felt sick and the room was swaying. 她感到恶心，房屋在摇晃。
The stage swayed alarmingly under their weight. 舞台在他们的重压下令人心惊地摇晃着。
The whole boat swayed and tipped. 整条船摇晃后翻倒了。
They danced rhythmically, swaying their hips to the music. 他们伴着音乐扭动屁股，有节奏地跳舞。
Couples were swaying to the rhythm of the music. 一对对舞者随着音乐的节奏摆动身子。
The people swayed back and forth with arms linked. 人们手挽手，前后摇晃着。
He swayed back and forth like a drunken man. 他像个醉汉似的摇摇晃晃。
Vicky swayed and fell. 维基摇晃着倒下了。
The cow's udder swayed from side to side as she walked along. 奶牛行走时乳房左右摇晃。

adj. 1 常作前置定语，关于在科学、工业、运输、交流等活动中使用机械、材料、方法、流程等的:
2 常作前置定语，指与（某项工作、某种体育运动或某种艺术活动所用的）技能相关的:
3 与某一学科相关的（因此若对该学科所知甚少则导致难以理解的），即专业性的:
adj. 只作前置定语，与法律细节或一系列规则相关的:
technical |['teknɪkl]
technical education 技术教育 
technical problems arising from using the machine 使用该机器的过程中所遇到的技术问题 
to provide technical support for our customers 为我们的客户提供技术支持 
the technical complexity of diving 跳水的技术难度 
technical term 专业术语 
The guide is too technical for a non-specialist. 这份手册对非专业人员来说太专业了。
A lot of the discussions were highly technical. 很多讨论都是非常专业的。
to argue over technical details 就法律规则细节（或诉讼程序细则）进行辩论
