favorable						肯定的，赞同的，有利的，合适的
competent						有能力的，足够的
emotional						情感的，沮丧的，冲动的
pioneer						先驱，开创
sustain						维持，支撑，遭受，认可
gloomy						阴暗的，沮丧的
convince						说服
profitable						获利的，有益的
routinely						例行的
phenomenon						现象，非凡的人或事物
variety						多样化，种类
gum							牙龈，树胶，口香糖
criticism						评论，批评
fatal							致命的，灾难性的
delightful						令人愉快的
tedious						单调乏味的
flexible						柔韧的，可变通的
considerably					相当多的
efficiently						效率高的
appearance						到来，外表，出版，演出
album							册子
optimistic						乐观的
clue							线索，想法
grief							悲伤，麻烦
synthetic						合成的，假的
resistance						抵抗
install						安装，安置
pledge						诺言，保证，抵押，信物
unique						唯一的，独特的
stock							存货，储备，股份，名声
\\\\\\\\


favorable | 有利,良好,有利的,好评

adj. ~ (to do sth) 有足够的技能或知识能把某事做好的，或能达到必要的标准的，如足以胜任的、称职的:
adj. 有决定权的:
adj. 合格的、不错的（但不是非常好的）:
competent |[ˈkɒmpɪtənt;美ˈkɑ:m-]
Make sure the firm is competent to carry out the work. 要确保这家公司有能力完成这项工作。
He's very competent in his work. 他非常胜任自己的工作。
He was a loyal, distinguished and very competent civil servant. 他是一位敬业、优秀而且非常称职的公务员。
a competent performance 令人满意的表现 
Most adults do not feel competent to deal with a medical emergency involving a child. 大部分成年人不懂得如何对儿童实施急救。
She is competent in five languages. 她掌握五门外语。
A year of college had made her more socially competent. 一年的大学生活提升了她的社交能力。
He was not considered competent to teach seven-year-olds.他被认为没有能力教七岁的孩子。
a small number of highly competent officials 少数非常称职的官员! 
She was mentally competent and she had the capacity to decide for herself. 她当时心智健全，有能力自己作出决定。
mentally competent to stand trial（美，法律）心智健全具备受审能力
The case was referred to a competent authority. 事情已交给有关当局处理。

adj. [有时贬]（人）情绪激动的、感情冲动的，尤指愤怒的:
adj.（事物）激起人们的强烈感情的，如有感染力的、激动人心的:
adj. [常用于名词前] 感情的；情感的；情绪的:
adj. [有时贬]（人）情绪激动的、感情冲动的，尤指愤怒的:
adj.（事物）有感染力的:
emotional |[ɪˈməʊʃənl;美ɪˈmoʊ-]
He is a very emotional man. 他是个很情绪化的人。
I don't get as emotional as I once did. 我不像以前那么冲动了。
emotional language 有感染力的语言 
It's a very emotional issue. How can you advocate selling the ivory from elephants? 这是个很容易激起公愤的话题。你怎么能够鼓吹贩卖象牙？
emotional problems, emotional needs 情感问题；情感需求 
emotional stress 情绪紧张 
a child's emotional and intellectual development 儿童的情感和智力发展 
Mothers are often the ones who provide emotional support for the family. 母亲通常是家庭的情感支柱。
I needed this man's love, and the emotional support he was giving me. 我需要这个男人的爱，以及他在情感上给我的支持。
Victims are left with emotional problems that can last for life. 受害者心中留下了可能会持续一生的情感创伤。
emotional outburst, emotional response, emotional reaction 感情爆发；情绪激动的回答；情绪激动的反应 
They made an emotional appeal for help. 他们情绪激动地恳求救助。
He tends to get emotional on these occasions. 他在这些场合往往容易动感情。
He is a very emotional man. 他是个很情绪化的人。
I don't get as emotional as I once did. 我不像以前那么冲动了。
He got very emotional during the speech. 他演讲时变得非常激动。
Having all her friends around her made her very emotional. 所有的朋友都围在身边，让她情绪非常激动。
Don't be so emotional about everything! 不要对任何事都这么激动! 
He was in a very emotional state. 他现在情绪非常激动。
emotional language 有感染力的语言 
It's a very emotional issue. How can you advocate selling the ivory from elephants? 这是个很容易激起公愤的话题。你怎么能够鼓吹贩卖象牙？

vt. 当开拓者或先锋（去做某事、发现或使用新东西等）:
n. 1 [C] pioneer (in/of sth) 知识、文化等领域的先锋人物、开拓者、创始人，相当于trailblazer:
2 [C] 到某个地方进行开荒（以在此生活和工作）的一群人之一，如拓荒者:
pioneer |[͵paɪə'nɪə]
a new technique pioneered by surgeons in a London hospital 由伦敦一家医院的外科医生开发使用的新技术
pioneer in the field of microsurgery 显微外科领域的创始人 
computer pioneer 计算机方面的先驱 
pioneer aviator 航空探索者 
pioneer design 开创性设计 
the pioneer spirit 拓荒者精神

vt. [正式] 遭受坏事:
vt. 支持:
vt. 提供证据以支持一个观点、理论等:
vt. [法律] 认可、支持:
vt. [正式] 支撑一个重量（而不碎裂或掉落）:
vt.（提供足够的…以）维持生命或存在:
vt. 使稳定持续（而不减少）:
sustain |[səˈsteɪn]
A seventeen-year-old tourist died late last night of injuries sustained in yesterday's bomb blast. 一位 17 岁的游客在昨天的炸弹爆炸中受伤并于当天深夜身亡。
Every aircraft in there has sustained some damage. 那里的每架飞机都受到了一些损坏。
to sustain a defeat 遭到失败 
The company sustained losses of millions of dollars. 公司遭受了数百万元的巨大损失。
The love and support of his family sustained him during his time in prison. 家人的关爱和支持帮助他度过了狱中的岁月。
I am sustained by letters of support and what people say to me in ordinary daily life. 这些支持的信件和人们每天对我的鼓励一直支撑着我。
The evidence is not detailed enough to sustain his argument. 这一证据过于笼统，不足以证明他的论点。
The court sustained his claim that the contract was illegal. 法庭支持他的观点，认定该合同不合法。
Objection sustained! (= said by a judge when a lawyer makes an objection in court) 反对成立！           
The ice will not sustain your weight. 这冰承受不了你的体重。           
Which planets can sustain life? 哪些行星可以维持生命的存在？
The parameters within which life can be sustained on Earth are extraordinarily narrow. 地球上生命可以存活下来的地域范围是非常狭小的。
The soil was so badly eroded it could no longer sustain crop production. 土壤侵蚀得厉害，不能再种庄稼了。
The cash dividends they get from the cash crop would sustain them during the lean season. 从经济作物中获得的收益能帮助他们度过不景气的时期。
a period of sustained economic growth 经济持续增长的时期 
a sustained attack 持续的攻击 
She managed to sustain everyone's interest until the end of her speech. 她使每个人兴趣盎然，一直听她把话讲完。
But he has sustained his fierce social conscience from young adulthood through old age. 而他从青年时期一直到老年都始终保持着强烈的社会良知。
This relationship would be very difficult to sustain. 这一关系会难以为继。

adj. 心情悲伤且没有希望的，如忧郁的、沮丧的:
adj. 前景暗淡的:
adj. 光线极其昏暗且带有一种悲伤气氛的，如阴暗的、昏暗的、幽暗的:
gloomy |[ˈglu:mi]
a gloomy expression 沮丧的表情 
We sat in gloomy silence. 我们郁郁不乐默不作声地坐着。
Miller is gloomy about the fate of the serious playwright in America. 米勒对这位严肃剧作家在美国的命运颇为忧虑。
Now, don't start to get gloomy. 嗨，别发愁。           
a gloomy picture of the country's economic future 该国经济前景的黯淡景象 
Many businesses remain gloomy about the prospects for the economy. 许多公司对经济前景一直很悲观。
Officials say the outlook for next year is gloomy. 官员们表示来年前景黯淡。
The committee's view was in fact far from gloomy.（far from尤为英式用法）委员会的观点其实一点儿也不悲观。
Suddenly, the future didn't look so gloomy after all. 突然感到前途似乎并非如此黯淡。
gloomy room, gloomy atmosphere 昏暗的房间；阴沉沉的气氛 
It was a wet and gloomy day. 那一日阴天下雨沉闷无聊。
Inside it's gloomy after all that sunshine. 尽管阳光明媚，里面依然暗淡无光。
this huge gloomy church 这座昏暗的大教堂

vt. 劝说（或说服）某人去做某事。不太常用:
vt. convince sb/yourself (of sth) 使某人（或自己）相信某事是真的:
convince |[kən'vɪns]
I’ve been trying to convince him to see a doctor. 我一直劝他去看病。
I’d convinced myself (that) I was right. 我确信自己是正确的。

adj. 有利润的；很可能赢利的:
adj. 对某人有益的、有好处的:
profitable |[ˈprɒfɪtəbl;美ˈprɑ:f-]
a highly profitable business 一家赢利很高的企业b
a highly profitable chain of stores 收益很高的连锁店 
The business is not really profitable enough. 实际上公司收益不够好。
It is usually more profitable to sell direct to the public. 向社会大众直销往往获利较高。
Drug manufacturing is the most profitable business in America. 制药业是美国利润最丰厚的业务。
It was profitable for them to produce large amounts of food. 生产大量的食物能让他们获利。
confident that the venture will prove profitable 对企业盈利充满信心 
What can be done to keep the business profitable? 能采取什么措施使公司继续盈利呢?      
She spent a profitable afternoon in the library. 她在图书馆待了一个下午，颇有收获。
Some churches have found it profitable to hold services during the week. 有些教堂发现在非周末的日子举行礼拜大有益处。
Cooperation could be mutually profitable. 合作可能对双方都有益。
collaboration which leads to a profitable exchange of personnel and ideas 有利于人员和观念交流的合作

as part of a regular procedure rather than for a special reason:作为常规程序的一部分，而不是出于特殊原因
frequently and without proper consideration of the consequences:频繁且没有适当考虑后果
routinely |ruːˈtiːnli| Adverb/:,经常
large-scale producers routinely vaccinate their birds against the disease:大型生产者定期为他们的家禽接种该病疫苗
owners routinely flout local laws about restraining and picking up after their pets:owners经常无视当地有关约束和捡拾宠物的法律

n. 1 [C]（自然或社会中的）现象（尤指未被充分理解的现象）:
2 [C] phenomenons 在美国可指非常成功或令人印象非常深刻的一个人或事物:
n. [C] phenomenons 在美国可指令人印象非常深刻的一个人或事物:
n. [C] phenomenons 在美国可指非常成功的一个人或事物:
phenomenon |[fɪ'nɒmɪnən]
a global phenomenon 全球现象 
natural, cultural, physical, social phenomenon 自然现象；文化现象；物理现象；社会现象 
supernatural phenomenon 超自然现象 
The phenomenon occurs in the early stages of pregnancy. 这种现象出现在怀孕早期。
The movie has become a summer phenomenon. 看电影成了人们消夏的一种方式。

n. 1 [sing.] variety (of sth) 同一事物的若干不同种类:
2 [C] variety (of sth) 在同一个总群体下，（与其他种类的事物）不同的一个种类的事物（如植物、语言等的变体、变种、品种）:
n. [U]（存在的）多样化；（行为、过程的）多变性。相当于diversity:
n. [U] 美也用vaudeville，指一种综合性的剧院（或电视）娱乐节目（包括了各种各样的短小的表演，如歌唱、舞蹈、滑稽演出）:
n. [C] variety (of sth) 某种植物的变种、品种:
n. [C] variety (of sth) 某种语言的一个变体:
variety |[və'raɪətɪ]
a wide variety of patterns 种类繁多的图案 
a good variety of seafood 各式各样的海鲜菜品 
He resigned for a variety of reasons. 他由于种种原因辞职了。
This tool can be used in a variety of ways. 这一工具有多种用途。
different varieties of apple 苹果的不同品种 
different varieties of English 各类英语 
My cooking is of the ‘quick and simple’ variety. 我做饭菜属于既快捷又简单的那一类。
We all need variety in our diet. 我们都需要饮食多样化。
Dealing with customers adds variety to the job. 与顾客打交道使这份工作有了色彩。
the rich variety of the local bird life 当地丰富的鸟类品种
a variety show, a variety theatre 一档综艺节目；一个综艺剧场
grape, wheat variety 葡萄品种；小麦品种
different varieties of English 各类英语变体

~ sth (down) 在…上涂胶；用黏胶粘:
n. [U] 一种胶水（用以粘轻东西，如纸等）:
n. 1 [U] 口香糖，相当于chewing gum:
2 [C]（坚硬的可咀嚼的）果味糖:
n. [U] 有些树分泌的黏性物质:
n. [C, usually pl.] 牙龈；牙床:
gum |[gʌm]
A large address label was gummed to the package. 包装袋上贴上了一大张地址签条。
gummed labels (= with glue on one side) 涂胶的标签 
It is a mild infection in which a baby's eyelashes can become gummed together. 这是一种轻微感染，会导致婴儿睫毛粘在一起。                      
He was holding up a pound note that had been torn in half and stuck together with gum. 他举着一张被撕成两半后又用胶粘在一起的一英镑的钞票。
lower, upper gum 下牙龈；上牙龈 
The old man smiled to reveal toothless gums. 老头笑了，露出没有牙的牙床。
bleeding, swollen gum 出血的牙龈；肿胀的牙龈 
gum disease 牙龈病 
The toothbrush gently removes plaque without damaging the gums. 这种牙刷可以温和去除牙菌斑而不损伤齿龈。          

~ (that…) 批评；指责；批评或指责的话语:
n. [U]（尤指对书、音乐等的）评论文章；也可指此种评论:
criticism |[ˈkrɪtɪsɪzəm]
The plan has attracted criticism from consumer groups. 这项计划引起了各消费者组织的指责。
There was widespread criticism of the government's handling of the disaster. 政府对灾难的处理方式遭到了普遍的批评。
People in public life must always be open to criticism (= willing to accept being criticized). 公众人物必须随时准备接受批评。
Ben is very sensitive, he just can't take criticism. 本很敏感，简直接受不了批评。
to offer sb constructive criticism (= that is meant to be helpful) 提出建设性的批评意见 
I didn't mean it as a criticism. 我没有要责备的意思。
criticisms levelled at (= aimed at) journalists 针对记者的批评 
My only criticism of the house is that it is on a main road. 我对这座房子唯一的批评意见是它处于一条大路上。
This policy had repeatedly come under strong criticism on Capitol Hill. 该政策在美国国会屡遭强烈批评。
The criticism that the English do not truly care about their children was often voiced. 常有人指责英国人并不真正关心自己的子女。
She made a number of valid criticisms. 她提了许多合理的批评意见。
Two successive defeats have brought fresh criticism. 连续两次失败招致新的批评。
media, press criticism 媒体的批评；新闻界的批评 
public criticism 公众的批评 
The star faced a barrage of criticism for his actions. 那个明星的行为引来接二连三的批评。
The report levels criticism at senior managers.报告将批评的矛头指向高级管理人员。
The government came under fierce criticism for its policies. 政府因其政策受到猛烈批评。
The proposal is open to several important criticisms.这项提案乐意接受一些重大的批评意见。
Scientists have raised strong criticisms of creationist ideas. 科学家们对神创论的观点提出强烈的批评。
She sought to deflect criticism by blaming her family. 她责怪家人，企图转移对她的批评。
He finds it hard to take criticism. 他感到接受批评很难。
The harshest criticism came from right-wingers. 最严厉的批评来自右翼分子。
Criticism centred/centered on the lack of information provided. 批评集中在所提供的信息不足。
The main criticism about the information provided is that it arrives too late. 对所提供信息的主要批评意见是这些信息来得太晚。
criticisms against the Church 对基督教会的批评 
They received criticism for continuing to supply the faulty goods. 他们因继续提供劣质货品而受到指责。
We are bound to face criticism from both sides. 我们肯定会面临来自双方的批评。
There has been serious criticism of the teaching methods used in the school. 一直有人严厉批评该校使用的教学法。
We came in for some sharp criticism over this decision. 由于这一决定，我们受到了尖锐的批评。   
practical，textual criticism 实践评论；评注 
academic, art, biblical, cultural, film, historical, literary, music, scientific, social criticism 学术评论；艺术评论；与《圣经》有关的评论；文化评论；电影评论；历史评论；文学评论；音乐评论；科学评论；社会评论 
contemporary criticism 当代评论 
Marxist, structuralist criticism 马克思主义评论；结构主义评论 
She has published more than 20 books including novels, poetry and literary criticism. 她已出版了包括小说、诗歌和文学评论在内的20多部著作。

adj. 1（事故或疾病）导致死亡的，即致命的、致死的:
2（行为）导致灾难或失败的，如灾难性的:
fatal |[ˈfeɪtl]
fatal accident, fatal blow, fatal illness 致命的事故；致命的一击；致命的疾病 
a potentially fatal form of cancer 潜在致死型癌症 
If she gets ill again it could prove fatal. 如果她再患病，就会有性命之忧。
the fatal stabbing of a police sergeant 对警官致命的一刺 
A hospital spokesman said she had suffered a fatal heart attack. 医院发言人说她死于心脏病发作。
He has not driven since his nearly fatal accident earlier this year.（nearly fatal尤为美式用法；英式用near-fatal）自从今年较早时那次差点儿丧命的车祸之后，他就没有开过车。
The disease is potentially fatal. 这种疾病可能会致命。
This kind of accident is almost always fatal for the pilot. 飞行员遇到这类事故，几乎无一幸免于难。
a chemical which is invariably fatal to small mammals 对小型哺乳动物无一例外会致命的一种化学品 
fatal error, fatal mistake 灾难性的错误 
Any delay would be fatal. 任何延误都可能导致失败。
There was a fatal flaw in the plan. 计划中有一个致命的缺陷。
It'd be fatal to try and stop them now. 现在要试图制止他们就会导致灾难性后果。
It would clearly be fatal for Europe to quarrel seriously with America. 欧洲若与美国反目显然会有致命的后果。
He made the fatal mistake of compromising early. 他犯了过早妥协的致命错误。
a possibly fatal setback to his plans 可能导致他计划完全失败的因素 
Her disregard of this advice was ultimately fatal. 她不听这个建议，结局是灾难性的。
Tax increases have proved fatal to the nation's business community. 事实已证明，加税对该国的企业界造成了致命打击。

adj.（某事物或某人）令人愉快的、使人高兴的:
delightful |[dɪˈlaɪtfl]
delightful book, delightful restaurant, delightful town 令人愉快的书；舒适的餐馆；宜人的城市 
It has been a most delightful evening. 这是个非常愉快的夜晚。
It was a delightful little fishing village. 那是个宜人的小渔村。
It was the most delightful garden I had ever seen. 这是我所见过的最惹人喜爱的花园。
She remembered Lucy as beautiful, charming and absolutely delightful. 她记得的露西漂亮、迷人，而且非常讨人喜欢。
a delightful child 讨人喜欢的孩子

too long, slow, or dull; tiresome or monotonous:太长、太慢或沉闷；乏味或单调
tedious |ˈtiːdɪəs| Adjective/:乏味,乏味的,单调乏味
a tedious journey:乏味的旅程

adj. [褒] 能够做出改变以适应新条件（或新情况）的，如灵活的:
adj. 易弯曲而不损坏的，如柔韧的:
flexible |['fleksəbl]
flexible approach, flexible plan 灵活的方法；灵活的计划 
flexible working hours 弹性工作时间 
Human beings are infinitely flexible and able to adjust when survival depends on it. 人类的适应能力是无穷尽的，为了生存可以适应任何环境。
My mother is fairly flexible about what time I need to be home. 妈妈对我应该什么时候回来非常通融。
flexible plastic tubing 挠性塑料管

by a notably large amount or to a notably large extent; greatly:明显大量或在很大程度上；大大
considerably |kənˈsɪd(ə)rəbli| Adverb/:相当,相当大
things have improved considerably over the last few years:things在过去几年里有了很大的改善

in a way that achieves maximum productivity with minimum wasted effort or expense:以一种以最少的努力或费用实现最大生产力的方式
in a well-organized and competent way:以有条理和称职的方式
efficiently |ɪˈfɪʃntli| Adverb/:有效率的,有效地,高效
it is essential to make sure businesses operate efficiently to maximize profits:确保企业高效运营以实现利润最大化至关重要
he worked efficiently to accomplish the tasks set:他高效地完成了设定的任务

n. [C, U]（人、事物、行为的）外观，外表，外貌，样子，印象。含义最为广泛，因为其只是从“事物之呈现”的角度来下的定义（即凡是呈现于人类感官的事物，其首先被人类感官所感知的部分都可叫做appearance），而对所形容的事物种类并不做限制:
n. [C, usually sing.]（尤指意料之外的）抵达，到达:
n. 1 [C, usually sing.] 某事物开始存在（或开始被看到、被使用）的时刻，即出现:
2 [C] 出现在公共场合（尤指作为一名表演者、政治家等），或出庭:
n. [C] 出现在公共场合（尤指作为一名表演者）:
n. [C, usually sing.] 被广播:
n. [C, usually sing.] 被发表:
n. [C] 出庭:
appearance |[ə'pɪərəns]
personal appearance 个人仪表 
He stopped at the mirror to check his appearance. 他停在镜子前检查自己的仪容。
In outward appearance the two types of tomato are similar. 这两种西红柿外观上很相似。
the general appearance of the town 城镇的整体面貌 
Inside, the house had the appearance of a temple. 在里面看，这所房子像座庙。
the appearance of wood 木头的外观 
rather bird-like in appearance 外观上非常像鸟 
He gave every appearance of enjoying himself. 他处处表现得很快活。
To all appearances he was dead. 从一切迹象来看，他已经死了。
The report gives an appearance of scientific credibility. 这份报告像是具有科学可信性。
the sudden appearance of a security guard 保安人员的突然赶到
the early appearance of daffodils in spring 春来早开的水仙 
the appearance of organic vegetables in the supermarkets 有机蔬菜在超级市场上市 
the virus’s first appearance 这种病毒的首次出现 
the appearance of a new genre in music 一种新的音乐风格的诞生 
She made a sudden appearance just as we were about to leave. 我们正要离开时，她突然出现了。
TV appearance 在电视上露面 
The singer’s first public appearance was at the age of eight. 这位歌手八岁时初次登台演出。
guest appearance 以嘉宾身份露面 
She made a cameo appearance in the movie. 她在影片中客串一个小角色。
an appearance in the party 在聚会上露面 
the defendant’s appearance in court 被告出庭 
appearance fee（尤英）（体育用语）出场费 
stage, TV appearance 舞台演出；在电视上露面 
The singer had to cancel her scheduled appearance. 这位歌手不得不取消了事先安排的演出。
She made a cameo appearance in the movie. 她在影片中客串一下。
the appearance of his private life in the press 他的私生活见诸报端
court appearance 出庭

n. [C]（保存照片、邮票等的）册子，即影集，相册；集邮册等:
n. [C]（唱片或磁带上的）音乐专辑，歌曲专辑:
album |['ælbəm]
photo album 相册；影集 
family, wedding album 家庭相册；结婚纪念相册 
I keep the photographs in an album. 我把照片放在相册里。
stamp album 集邮簿
studio album 录制室中录制的唱片 
album track 专辑曲目 
album cover, album sleeve 专辑的封面；专辑的封套 
It’s the singer’s first solo album. 这是这位歌手的首张独唱专辑。

optimistic (that ...) 认为好事会发生（或认为某事会成功的），即乐观的，还可指表现出乐观的。是“乐观”的常规用词:
optimistic |[͵ɒptɪ'mɪstɪk]
adj. optimistic (about sth) 
He’s very optimistic about his chances. 他对自己的成功机会非常乐观。
an optimistic view of the future 对未来的乐观态度 
to be cautiously optimistic审慎乐观 
These estimates were wildly optimistic. 这些估计都过于乐观。

n. 1 [C] ~ (to sth)（解决问题所需要的）线索、提示:
2 [C]（纵横填字谜、游戏或问题的）提示信息:
3 [C] haven't a ~ 不知道、一无所知:
n. [C] ~ (to sth)（帮助警方破案的）线索:
clue |[klu:]
Diet may hold the clue to the causes of migraine. 饮食习惯有可能揭示偏头痛的起因。
Geneticists in Canada have discovered a clue to the puzzle of why our cells get old and die. 加拿大的遗传学家已经发现了解开细胞衰老、死亡之谜的线索。
This research might provide an important clue about how cancer develops. 这项研究可能会为癌症的成因提供重要线索。
How a man shaves may be a telling clue to his age. 男人刮胡子的方式也许能泄露其年龄。
‘You'll never guess who I saw today! ’ ‘Give me a clue.’ “你绝对猜不着我今天见到谁了！”“给我提示一下吧。” 
The picture contains subtle clues about the site's history. 这幅图包含有关于遗址历史的细微线索。
I haven't a clue what I'll give Carl for his birthday next year. 我不知道明年卡尔过生日我该送什么。
The police think the videotape may hold some vital clues to the identity of the killer. 警方认为那盘录像带可能录有能确认凶手身份的一些重要线索。
The vital clue to the killer's identity was his nickname, Peanuts. 查明杀手身份的重要线索是他的外号叫“花生”。
The hat gives a clue to the identity of the killer. 那顶帽子提供了辨认杀人犯的线索。
The letter yielded no clues. 这封信没有提供任何线索。
The burglar left no clues. 入室窃贼没有留下任何线索。
We must have missed some vital clue. 我们一定是忽略了某个重要的线索。
a clue as to her whereabouts 关于她行踪的线索

n. 1 [U, C] ~ (over/at sth)（尤指因某人去世引起的）悲伤、悲痛、伤心:
2 [C, usually sing.] 伤心的事、悲痛之事:
n. [U] [非正式] 担心、忧虑:
grief |[gri:f]
She was overcome with grief when her husband died. 丈夫去世时她悲痛欲绝。
her grief for her dead husband 她的丧夫之痛 
They were able to share their common joys and griefs. 他们做到了同甘共苦。
a huge outpouring of national grief for the victims of the shootings 举国上下对枪击事件中的遇害者所表现出的万分悲痛之情 
Their grief soon gave way to anger. 他们的悲痛迅速转化为愤怒。
Her parents were stricken with grief. 她的父母悲痛欲绝。
They are still struggling to come to terms with their grief. 他们仍在努力克制他们的悲伤。
She understood my grief because she too had lost a child. 因为也曾失去孩子，所以她懂得我的伤痛。
He feels that he can't share his grief with anyone. 他觉得不能让任何人分担他的悲痛。
grief reaction 悲伤的反应 
Children can feel real grief at the loss of a pet. 小孩子会为失去宠物而十分悲伤。
a feeling/sense of grief 悲伤之情 
It was a grief to them that they had no children. 没有孩子是他们的一块心病。
I felt awkward at intruding on their private grief. 我为触到他们内心的伤心事而感到十分尴尬。           
He caused his parents a lot of grief. 他没少让父母操心。

(of a substance) made by chemical synthesis, especially to imitate a natural product:（物质的）化学合成的，尤指模仿天然产物
(of an emotion or action) not genuine; insincere:（一种情绪或行为）不真实；不真诚
(of a proposition) having truth or falsity determinable by recourse to experience.:（命题的）具有可以通过经验来确定的真假。
(of a language) characterized by the use of inflections rather than word order to express grammatical structure.:（一种语言）以使用屈折变化而不是词序来表达语法结构为特征。
a synthetic material or chemical, especially a textile fibre.:合成材料或化学品，尤其是纺织纤维。
synthetic |sɪnˈθɛtɪk| Adjective/Noun/:合成的,合成物,人工合成
synthetic rubber:合成橡胶
their tears are a bit synthetic:他们的眼泪有点合成

n. 1 [U, sing.] ~ (to sb/sth)（对一个计划、想法等的）反对、抵制、抗拒:
2 [U, sing.] ~ (to sb/sth) 利用武力进行的反抗或抵抗:
3 [sing.]（常用the Resistance）（被他国军队占领或被专制政府统治的国家中的）秘密抵抗组织、地下抵抗组织:
n. [U, sing.] ~ (to sth) 身体对病毒等的抵抗力；抗药性:
n. [U, C] [物理学]（符号为R）电阻:
n. [U, sing.] ~ (to sth)（风或空气的）阻力:
n. [U, sing.] ~ (to sth) 身体对病毒等的抵抗力:
resistance |[rɪˈzɪstəns]
As with all new ideas it met with resistance. 和所有的新观念一样，它受到了抵制。
There has been a lot of resistance to this new law. 这项新的法规已经遇到很多的抵制。
Resistance to change has nearly destroyed the industry. 对变革的抵制几乎毁了这个行业。
The US wants big cuts in European agricultural export subsidies, but this is meeting resistance. 美国想大幅度削减欧洲农业出口补贴，但此举遭到了抵制。
They mounted stiff resistance to the proposal. 他们对此项提议发起了坚决的抵制。
armed, military resistance 武装反抗；军事抵抗 
non-violent, violent resistance 非暴力抵抗；暴力抵抗 
guerrilla, peasant resistance 游击队的抵抗；农民的反抗 
The advancing army met with little resistance. 向前推进的军队没遇到什么抵抗。
resistance movement 抵抗运动 
resistance fighter, resistance forces, resistance group, resistance 抵抗运动战士；抵抗力量；抵抗团体；抵抗领袖 
The attacks did not take place without resistance. 进攻并非没有遇到抵抗。
a pocket of resistance（= an area of resistance）零星抵抗 
The defenders put up a strong resistance. 保卫者进行了顽强的抵抗。
The demonstrators offered little or no resistance to the police. 示威者几乎没有对警察进行任何反抗。
The troops are encountering stiff resistance. 军队遭遇了顽强抵抗。
Police in riot gear cleared the noisy demonstrators, who offered no resistance. 身穿防暴服的警察驱散了喧闹的游行者，没有遇到抵抗。
resistance fighters 秘密抵抗战士 
They managed to escape after being arrested by the resistance. 他们被抵抗组织抓住后又设法逃脱了。
AIDS lowers the body's resistance to infection. 艾滋病降低了身体的抗感染能力。
You need to build up your resistance to colds. 你需要增强对感冒的抵抗力。
This disease is surprisingly difficult to catch as most people have a natural resistance to it. 由于多数人对这种病具有天然免疫力，所以发病率低得出奇。
disease resistance 抗病能力 
antibiotic, drug, pesticide resistance 对抗生素的耐药性；对药物的耐药性；对农药的耐药性 
bacterial resistance 细菌的抗药性
materials that lose all their electrical resistance 电阻为零的材料
wind, air resistance (= in the design of planes or cars) 风阻；空气阻力 
The design of the bicycle has managed to reduce the effects of wind resistance and drag. 这种自行车的设计成功地减少了风的阻力和摩擦力。
AIDS lowers the body's resistance to infection. 艾滋病降低了身体的抗感染能力。
You need to build up your resistance to colds. 你需要增强对感冒的抵抗力。
This disease is surprisingly difficult to catch as most people have a natural resistance to it. 由于多数人对这种病具有天然免疫力，所以发病率低得出奇。
disease resistance 抗病能力 

vt. 安装设备或家具:
vt. 将某人（如自己）安置在某个地方或位置:
vt. 将某人（如自己）安顿在某个地方或位置:
vt.（在计算机上）安装程序:
vt. ~ sb (as sth)（常以正式仪式）使某人就任一个职位（常是重要职位），如任命:
install |[ɪnˈstɔ:l]
He's getting a phone installed tomorrow. 他明天要装电话。
The hotel chain has recently installed a new booking system. 这家连锁旅馆最近安装了新的预订系统。
Make sure the equipment is properly installed. 要确保设备安装正确。
They estimate that four out of five child car seats are installed improperly. 他们估计有五分之四的儿童汽车座椅安装不当。
The loft ladder is easily installed. 阁楼的梯子很容易就安装好了。A professionally installed alarm will cost from about £500. 一套专业化安装的警报器至少需要花费500英镑左右。
An anti-theft device is installed in the vehicle. 车中安装了防盗装置。
Water softening units can be permanently installed into the plumbing system.管道系统中可以安装永久性的水软化装置。
The switches are cheap to buy and easy to install. 这些开关价格低廉，而且安装简便。
a recently installed swimming pool 最近建成的游泳池
We installed ourselves in the front row. 我们舒舒服服地坐进了前排。
Before her husband's death she had installed herself in a modern villa. 丈夫去世之前她已经在一所现代化别墅里安顿下来了。
She saw her guests safely installed in their rooms and then went downstairs.（safely为英式用法）她看到宾客们都在各自房间里安顿好了才下了楼。
I'll need some help installing the software. 我得找人帮忙安装这个软件。
A Trojan horse, secretly installed on your computer, can change your Internet settings. 偷偷安装到计算机上的木马程序会改变互联网设置。
Linux can be installed on most PCs or Macs. 多数个人电脑和苹果电脑都可以安装Linux操作系统。
He was installed as President last May. 他于去年五月份正式就任总统。
A new Catholic bishop was installed in Galway yesterday. 昨天在戈尔韦任命了一位新的天主教主教。
Professor Sawyer was formally installed as President last Thursday. 索耶教授上周四被正式任命为校长。
He was recently installed as president of the National Medical Association. 他不久前就任全国医疗协会的主席。

vt.&vi. ~ sth (to sb/sth) 正式承诺给予…或做某事:
n. [C] ~ (to do sth) 庄重的承诺、保证；诺言、誓言:
vt.&vi. [美] 宣誓参加美国大学生联谊会:
n. [C] 用于抵押或质押的一笔钱或重要物品:
vt. 用…抵押；以…典押:
pledge |[pledʒ]
Japan has pledged $100 million in humanitarian aid. 日本已承诺提供一亿元人道主义援助。
The French President is pledging $150 million in French aid next year. 法国总统许诺为法国明年的援助经费拨款1.5亿美元。
The government has now pledged £170m over the next six years for improving primary care. 为了改善初级卫生保健工作，政府已承诺在未来六年内拨款1.7亿英镑。
The government pledged their support for the plan. 政府保证支持这项计划。
Mr Dudley has pledged to give any award to charity. 达德利先生已承诺将任何所获的损害赔偿额都捐给慈善机构。
Philip pledges support and offers to help in any way that he can. 菲利普保证给予支持，并主动提出尽其所能提供帮助。
We all had to pledge allegiance to the flag (= state that we are loyal to our country). 我们都必须对国旗宣誓效忠。
The group has pledged to continue campaigning. 这个组织发誓继续投入运动。
The group has pledged that they will continue campaigning. 这个组织发誓他们将继续投入运动。
campaign（美）, election（英）, manifesto（英）pledge 竞选诺言；许诺宣言 
The party's election pledge was to cut income taxes by a third over the next five years. 该党的竞选承诺是在未来五年间削减三分之一的收入所得税。
Will the government honour its election pledge not to raise taxes? 政府会履行它的竞选诺言，不增加税收吗？
spending pledges given by the government（spending为英式用法）政府作出的开支保证 
abstinence, virginity pledge（均尤美）禁欲誓言；童贞誓言 
He took a virginity pledge as a teenager. 作为一名少年，他作出了童贞誓言。
They recited the Pledge of Allegiance.（美国的）他们背通效忠誓词。
manifesto pledges on greater public spending 关于扩大公共开支的宣告 
a pledge of support 支援的许诺 
Management has given a pledge that there will be no job losses this year. 资方保证今年不会削减工作职位。
The meeting ended with a pledge to step up cooperation between the six states of the region. 会议以承诺加快这一地区六国间的合作而结束。
a £1.1m pledge of support from the Spanish ministry of culture 来自西班牙文化部110万英镑的资助许诺
Do you think you'll pledge this semester? 这学期你想加入大学生联谊会吗？
My brother pledged Sigma Nu. 我哥哥宣誓加入西格玛NU联谊会。
He asked her to pledge the house as security for a loan. 他要她拿房子来抵押贷款。

adj. 1 非常特殊的，如独特的；非常不寻常的，如罕见的:
2 unique (to sb/sth) 仅属于某个人（或某个地点、事物）的，或仅与其有关的，如特有的，独具的:
adj.（某个种类中）唯一的，独一无二的:
unique |[ju:'ni:k]
a unique talent 奇才 
a unique opportunity 难得的机会 
The deal will put the company in a unique position to export goods to Eastern Europe. 这项协议给予这家公司向东欧输出商品的特殊地位。
The city has an atmosphere which is quite unique. 这座城市有一种十分独特的氛围。
The koala is unique to Australia. 树袋熊是澳大利亚独有的。
Everyone’s fingerprints are unique. 每个人的指纹都是独一无二的。
The magnificent light makes this place unique. 绚丽的灯光使得这个地方显得很独特。
Although such a case is rare, it is by no means unique. 这种情况很罕见，但并非绝无仅有。

n. [U] [正式] 某人为其他人所尊敬或喜爱的程度，可称为名声、声望:
adj. [贬义] [只用于名词前] 借口、答案等便利可用，但并不非常新鲜，如老一套的、陈腐的:
vt. ~ sth (with sth) 用食物、书籍等填充某事物，即贮备、贮存:
vt.（商店）存某类货物（以供销售）:
n.  [C, U] ~ (of sth) 供使用的供给物、储备物:
n. [U, C] 用骨头、肉等所熬出来的烫（可作为烫，也可作为酱汁）:
n. [U] of farming, noble, French, etc. ~ 表示拥有所提到的某类家族或祖先，如家族、出身:
vt. ~ sth (with sth) 用食物、书籍等填充某事物，即贮备、贮存:
vt.（商店）存某类货物（以供销售）:
n.  [C, U] ~ (of sth) 供使用的供给物、储备物:
n. [U]（饲养以供获取其肉、皮毛等的）牛、羊等家畜、牲畜:
n. [U, C] [英] 以固定利率借给政府的一笔钱，也可指此种官方凭证，即公债、公债券:
n. 1 [U] 公司已经卖掉的股票价值，如股本:
2 [C, usually pl.] 某人所购买的某个公司的股份、股票:
n. [U, C] 商店的（用于销售的）存货、库存:
adj. [只用于名词前] 商店里常备（以供出售）的、通常有的:
n. [C] 枪托:
n. [pl.] stocks可指过去用于惩罚犯人的足枷，尤指在公共场所所戴的足枷:
stock |[stɒk;美stɑ:k]
Their stock is high/low. 他们的声望高/低。
stock excuse, stock answer 老套的借口；旧答案 
‘No comment, ’ was the actor's stock response. “无可奉告。”那位演员回答什么问题都是这一句老话。
The pond was well stocked with fish. 池塘里养了许多鱼。
a well-stocked library 藏书丰富的图书馆 
Do you stock green tea? 你们的库存有绿茶吗？
shops stocked with cheap souvenirs 有廉价纪念品存货的商店
Food stocks are running low. 贮存的食物快吃完了。
a stock of grain 谷物的储备 
declining fish stocks in the oceans 海洋中不断减少的鱼类资源 
oil, coal stock 石油储备；煤炭储量 
housing stock（尤英）房屋存量 
capital, money stock 资本供给；货币供给 
She's built up a good stock of teaching materials over the years. 这些年来她积累了大量教学资料。
stock cupboard 储物壁橱 
stock room (also stockroom) 储物间
chicken, fish, vegetable stock 鸡汤；鱼汤；蔬菜汤 
to flavour the stock with bay leaves 用月桂叶给汤调味 
stock cube 浓缩固体汤料块
The pond was well stocked with fish. 池塘里养了许多鱼。
a well-stocked library 藏书丰富的图书馆 
Do you stock green tea? 你们的库存有绿茶吗？
shops stocked with cheap souvenirs 有廉价纪念品存货的商店
Food stocks are running low. 贮存的食物快吃完了。
a stock of grain 谷物的储备 
declining fish stocks in the oceans 海洋中不断减少的鱼类资源 
oil, coal stock 石油储备；煤炭储量 
housing stock（尤英）房屋存量 
capital, money stock 资本供给；货币供给 
She's built up a good stock of teaching materials over the years. 这些年来她积累了大量教学资料。
stock cupboard 储物壁橱 
stock room (also stockroom) 储物间
breeding stock 种畜
government stock 政府债券           
company stock 公司股份 
growth stock 成长股 
domestic, foreign 境内股；境外股 
common, dividend-paying, preferred, restricted, traded stock 普通股；分红股；优先股；限制股；上市股票 
energy, financial, Internet, technology stock 能源股；金融股；互联网股；科技股 
blue-chip，gilt-edged, index-linked stock 蓝筹股；绩优股（尤指有政府担保的股票）；指数关联股 
The stocks were valued at £100,000. 这些股票股价为10万英镑。stock exchange, stock market, stock index 股票交易所；股票市场；股票指数 
stock price 股票价格 
stock fund 股票基金 
stock option 优先认股权 
She's got about £30,000 in stocks. 她有约3万英镑的股票。investment in stocks 股票投资 
the value of the stocks 股票价值
We have a fast turnover of stock. 我们的货物周转快。
We can supply the table from stock. 这种桌子我们可以现货供应。
That particular model is not currently in stock. 那种型号目前没货。
Red tights are out of stock. 红色紧身衣裤卖完了。
We don't carry a large stock of pine furniture. 松木家具我们备货不多。
They're selling off their old stock cheap. 他们正廉价卖掉旧存货。
The offer is only available while stocks last. 特价优惠售完为止。
stock levels 存货量 
stock control（尤英）存货控制 
stock sizes 常备尺码
