disadvantage					不利条件，不利地位
compensate						赔偿，补偿
rescue						解救
monitor						显示器，班长，观察，监测
refusal						拒绝
exile							背井离乡者，流放
encourage						鼓励，怂恿，促使
concept						概念
render						使成为，提供，描绘，翻译
trait							特点，性状
feature						特征，方面，以...为特色，占据重要位置
identify						辨认，认出，联系，认为...等同
identify oneself				自称，同情
impose						强制执行，将...强加于人
snack							快餐，小食品
require						需要，要求
donation						捐赠物
equal							相同的，平等的，等于
rare							罕见的，美好的
specify						具体说明
constant						持续的，不变的，常数
standardize					使标准化
consume						吃，喝，耗尽，充满
status						地位，重要程度
complement						补充的东西，足额，补充
lengthy						长时间的
embarrassed					尴尬的
rational						理性的，合理的
distant						远处的，冷淡的
homemaker						主妇
\\\\\\\\

disadvantage (to sth) 造成问题（或倾向于阻止某人或某事成功或进步）的事物，可称为不利因素，不利条件，障碍等:
disadvantage |[dɪsəd'vɑːntɪdʒ]
One major disadvantage of the area is the lack of public transport. 这个地区的一大不便之处就是缺少公共交通工具。
I was at a disadvantage compared to the younger members of the team. 与队里较年轻的队员相比，我处于不利地位。
economic, educational, social disadvantage 经济困难；教育劣势；社会地位低下 
cost disadvantage（尤美）成本劣势 
There are disadvantages to all those approaches. 所有那些方法都有弊端。

vi. compensate (for sth) 弥补，抵消坏事造成的影响，相当于make up for:
vt. compensate sb (for sth) 给予某人钱物补偿或赔款，即经济补偿。是此义的常规用词:
compensate |['kɒmpenseɪt]
Nothing can compensate for the loss of a loved one. 失去心爱的人是无法补偿的。
The advantages of the plan more than compensate for the risks associated with it. 这项计划的优点大大地弥补了其所带来的风险。
His strengths more than compensate for his weaknesses. 他的强项大大弥补了他的弱点。
His voice doesn’t have much range but he compensates with clever lyrics. 他嗓音的音域不是很宽，但他用巧妙的歌词做了弥补。
to be compensated in full 得到全额补偿 
I expect to be compensated financially. 我希望能得到经济赔偿。
The company will compensate you for the losses you have suffered. 您所遭受的损失将由公司赔偿。 

vt. rescue sb/sth (from sth/sb) 将…从危险或有害的处境中解救出来，即营救，救援，抢救。其含义已为save所涵盖，但是，第一，rescue虽然偶尔可表示“救”事物和“救”情况，但主要表示“救”生命，且常指在一次具体的行动中通过制定周详的计划、协调各环节、调度各方资源来“营救”或“救援”处于危险中的人。虽然此时也可换为save，但save往往过于强调结果，而rescue则往往更能反映救援的过程，以及该过程的紧张性、惊险性和待救人员当时紧张而期盼的心理；第二，save可以是短期的或长期的“救”，而rescue一般仅指短期的“救”，通常是一次具体的行动:
n. 1 [U] 救援，营救，获救:
2 [C] 营救行动:
rescue |['reskju:]
He rescued a child from drowning. 他救起了一名落水儿童。
They were eventually rescued by helicopter. 他们最后被直升机救走了。
The house was rescued from demolition. 这所房子保住了，可以不拆。
You rescued me from an embarrassing situation. 我正感到尴尬，你为我解了围。
the rescue of a man from a burning building 从燃烧着的大楼中营救一名男子 
The navy are on a search and rescue mission. 海军正在执行搜救任务。
a mountain rescue team 高山救援队 
rescue service 救援服务 
rescue helicopter, rescue vehicle 救援直升机；抢救车辆 
rescue dog, rescue equipment 搜救犬；救援装备 
a financial rescue package for the company 对该公司的一揽子财务救助计划 
A wealthy benefactor came to their rescue with a generous donation. 一位富有的赞助人慷慨解囊挽救了他们。
mountain, water rescue, hostage rescue, helicopter rescue, financial rescue 高山救援；水上救援；人质营救；直升机救援；财务救助

vt. 监控…的发展或进程（以在必要的时刻做出改变，或同时对该进程进行评论）:
n. [C] 监督或核查某事执行得是否公平、公正等的一个人，尤指派往国外的监督员或核查员:
vt. 监听（电话、外国广播等）以获取信息:
n. [C] 巨蜥:
n. 1 [C] 显示器:
2 [C] 用于监测或记录…的一台设备，即监控器，监测器:
n. [C] 班长；年级级长；班级代表等:
monitor |['mɒnɪtə]
to monitor the voting 监控投票过程 
to monitor the progress 监控进展情况 
The authorities will continue to monitor the situation. 当局将继续密切关注局势。
Television advertising is strictly monitored. 电视广告受到严格监督。
The workers are constantly monitored for exposure to radiation. 这些员工接受了持续的受辐射程度监测。
to remotely monitor 远程监控 
to electronically monitor 电子监控
government monitors 政府监督员 
UN monitor 联合国监督员 
ceasefire, election monitor 停火监督员；选举监督员
digital monitor 数字显示器 
computer monitor 电脑显示器 
baby, heart, radiation monitor 婴儿监测仪；心脏监测仪；辐射监测仪
school monitor 学校的班长

~ (to do sth) 拒绝（做、给予或接受）:
refusal |[rɪˈfju:zl]
the refusal of a request, the refusal of an invitation, the refusal of an offer 拒绝请求；拒绝邀请；拒绝建议 
His refusal to discuss the matter is very annoying. 他拒绝商量这件事，令人很恼火。
her refusal to accept change 她对变革的拒绝 
His letter in response to her request had contained a firm refusal. 对于她的请求他在信中给予了坚决的回绝。
the panel's point-blank refusal to release the information 委员会断然拒绝披露信息 
her utter refusal to do anything to help 她全然拒绝帮任何忙 
the enemy's steadfast refusal to accept defeat 敌人顽固地拒不认输 
first refusal（英）优先购买权 
If you decide to sell your car, I hope you'll give me first refusal(= the opportunity to buy it before it is offered to others). 你要是决定把车卖掉，我希望你能给我优先购买权。
Her appeals for funds to support the cause were met with outright refusals. 她为支持这一事业而筹集资金的呼吁遭到了断然拒绝。
He accepted my refusal with a shrug. 他耸耸肩，对我的拒绝表示了接受。
a refusal by a patient to accept the recommended treatment 病人对推荐的治疗方案的拒绝 
a refusal of consent（英，法律）拒绝同意 
a refusal of consent to blood transfusions 不同意输血 
their refusal on religious grounds to perform military service（refusal on...grounds尤为英式用法）出于宗教原因，他们拒绝服兵役

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (from…) 开除:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (from…) 迫使某人从某个地方或情况中离开:
n. 1 [U, sing.]（通常因为政治原因或作为一种惩罚而进行的）流放、放逐、流亡:
2 [C] 主动或被迫流亡的一个人:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (from…) 流放、放逐:
exile |[ˈeksaɪl;ˈegzaɪl]
He has been exiled from the first team and forced to play in third team matches. 他被开除出甲级球队，被迫参加丙级球队的比赛。
Michael was exiled to the kitchen for supper. 迈克尔被赶到厨房吃晚饭。          
a place of exile 流放地 
He is now living in exile in Egypt. 他目前流亡埃及。
self-imposed, voluntary exile 自我放逐；自愿流放 
Many spent decades in labour camps or in internal exile. 许多人在监狱或国内流放中度过了几十个年头。
tax exile（英） 出国避税 
They are in tax exile from the UK. 他们离开英国到国外避税。
The king went into exile after the overthrow of his government. 政府被推翻后，国王流亡国外。
They joined the many other Armenians living in exile. 他们加入到过着流亡生活的很多其他亚美尼亚人当中。
He still hopes to return from exile one day. 他仍希望有一天可以结束流亡回国。
She had spent 40 years in exile. 她过了40年流亡生活。
Dante died in exile from Florence. 但丁在离开佛罗伦萨的流放中去世。
his exile to America 他流亡到美国 
the story of the emperor's return from exile 皇帝结束流放回到国内的故事 
returning exile 结束流亡生活的人 
a political exile living in London 生活在伦敦的政治流亡者 
A general amnesty was granted, allowing political exiles to return freely. 颁布的大赦令准许流亡政治犯自由返国。
tax exile (= a rich person who moves to another country where taxes are lower) 出国避税的人 
the party's exiled leaders 该党的流亡领袖 
He was effectively exiled after a failed bid for power. 权力争夺失败后，他事实上被放逐了。
He was exiled for his beliefs. 他因信仰而遭到流放。
The family was exiled from France. 全家被流放，离开了法国。
He was exiled to Siberia. 他被流放到西伯利亚。
His second wife, Hilary, had been widowed, then exiled from South Africa. 他的第二任妻子希拉丽已经成了寡妇，后来又被驱逐出南非。
They threatened to exile her in southern Spain. 他们威胁要将她流放到西班牙南部。

vt. encourage sb (in sth) 给予某人支持、勇气或希望，即激励，鼓励，支持。是此义的常规用词:
vt.＆vi. encourage sth (in sb/sth) 使某事发生或发展的可能性变得更大，即促进，助长，刺激:
vt.＆vi. 劝说某人去做某事（其主要劝说手段为:
使此人做此事变得容易，或使其相信这是一件好事）:
encourage |[ɪn'kʌrɪdӡ]
My parents have always encouraged me in my choice of career. 在我选择职业时父母总是鼓励我。
She especially encouraged young scientists. 她特别鼓励年轻的科学家们。
to encourage investment in these areas 鼓励在这些地区投资
Some computer games encourage violent behaviour in young children. 有些电脑游戏助长儿童的暴力行为。
Music and lighting are used to encourage shoppers to buy more. 用音乐和灯光刺激购物者买更多的东西。
to encourage discrimination 助长歧视
Banks actively encourage people to borrow money. 银行积极鼓动人们贷款。

concept (that ...) 概念，观念。是此义的常规用词:
concept |['kɒnsept]
the concept of social class 社会等级的概念 
abstract, theoretical concept 抽象概念；理论概念 
business, design, legal, mathematical, scientific concept 商业理念；设计理念；法律观念；数学概念；科学概念

provide or give (a service, help, etc.):提供或给予（服务、帮助等）
submit or present for inspection or consideration:提交或提交以供检查或考虑
deliver (a verdict or judgement):deliver（判决或判决）
give up; surrender:放弃；26
cause to be or become; make:导致成为或成为；13
represent or depict artistically:代表或描绘艺术
perform (a piece of music):perform（一段音乐）
translate:翻译
process (an outline image) using colour and shading in order to make it appear solid and three-dimensional:process（轮廓图像）使用颜色和阴影以使其显得立体和立体
covertly send (a foreign criminal or terrorist suspect) for interrogation abroad; subject to extraordinary rendition.:将（外国犯罪嫌疑人、恐怖分子嫌疑人）秘密送至国外讯问；制作
melt down (fat) in order to clarify it:
process (the carcass of an animal) in order to extract proteins, fats, and other usable parts:process（动物尸体）以提取蛋白质、脂肪和其他可用部分
cover (stone or brick) with a coat of plaster:
a first coat of plaster applied to a brick or stone surface.:在砖或石头表面涂上第一层石膏。
render |ˈrɛndə| Noun/Verb/:使成为,渲染,呈现
money serves as a reward for services rendered:money作为对所提供服务的奖励
he would render income tax returns at the end of the year:he会在年底提交所得税申报表
the jury's finding amounted to the clearest verdict yet rendered upon the scandal:陪审团的调查结果是迄今为止对丑闻做出的最明确的裁决
he will render up his immortal soul:他将献出他不朽的灵魂
the rains rendered his escape impossible:therains使他无法逃脱
the eyes and the cheeks are exceptionally well rendered:眼睛和脸颊渲染得特别好
a soprano solo reverently rendered by Linda Howie:LindaHowie虔诚演绎的女高音独奏
the phrase was rendered into English:这句话被翻译成了英文
he is forced to render images by intermixing pixels of a few basic colours:he被迫通过混合几种基本颜色的像素来渲染图像
the fat was being cut up and rendered for lard:脂肪被切碎并提炼成猪油
animal carcasses were rendered to provide a protein supplement:animal尸体被提炼以提供蛋白质补充剂
external walls will be rendered and tiled:外墙将被渲染和平铺

n. [C] 某人的个性的某个特点或特征；某事物的某个特点或特征:
trait |[treɪt]
family, genetic, hereditary, inherited trait 家族特征；遗传性特征 
behavioural, character, personal, personality trait 行为特征；性格特点；个性特征 
mental, psychological trait 心理特征 
obsessional trait 强迫性心理特征 
physical trait 身体特征 
female, male trait 女性特征；男性特征 
cultural, national trait 文化特征；民族性格特点 
She shares several character traits with her father. 她的性格和她爸爸有一些相似之处。
We do not know which behavioural traits are inherited and which acquired. 我们不知道哪些行为特征是遗传的，哪些是后天获得的。
a collection of traits associated with schizophrenia 与精神分裂症有关的众多特征 
The study found that some alcoholics had clear personality traits showing up early in childhood. 研究发现一些酗酒者在童年早期就显现出鲜明的人格特征。
Creativity is a human trait. 创造力是人类的一种特性。
Her boss did not display any human traits. 她的老板没有一点儿人性。

a distinctive attribute or aspect of something:某物的独特属性或方面
a part of the face, such as the mouth or eyes, making a significant contribution to its overall appearance:脸部的一部分，例如嘴巴或眼睛，对其整体外观有重要贡献
a distinctive characteristic of a linguistic unit, especially a speech sound or vocabulary item, that serves to distinguish it from others of the same type.:一个语言单位的显着特征，尤其是语音或词汇项目，用于将其与其他同类产品区分开来。
a newspaper or magazine article or a broadcast programme devoted to the treatment of a particular topic, typically at length:一篇报纸或杂志文章或一个专门处理特定主题的广播节目，通常很长
a full-length film intended as the main item in a cinema programme.:一部旨在作为电影节目主要项目的全长电影。
have as a prominent attribute or aspect:have作为一个突出的属性或方面
have as an important actor or participant:有作为一个重要的演员或参与者
be a significant characteristic of or take an important part in:成为一个显着特征或在其中扮演重要角色
feature |ˈfiːtʃə| Noun/Verb/:特征,特色是,特性,特点,功能
a well-appointed house with interesting decorative features:一间设备齐全、装饰有趣的房子
a dark-haired man with strong, regular features:一个黑头发的男人，有着强壮、规则的特征
a special feature on children's reference books:儿童参考书特刊
the hotel features a large lounge, a sauna, and a coin-operated solarium:the酒店设有大型休息室、桑拿浴室和投币式日光浴室
the film featured Glenn Miller and his Orchestra:这部电影以格伦米勒和他的管弦乐队为特色
his later paintings feature prominently in the exhibition:他后来的画作在展览中占据突出地位

vt. 把…与…密切联系、认为…与…有关联:
vt. ~ sb/sth (as sb/sth) 使某人或某事物有可能被辨认出，如显示、是…的标志:
vt.（也可用非正式的ID）~ sb/sth (as sb/sth) 辨认出（即因为不同点而找出…）:
vt. 找到、发现:
vi. ~ with 理解、体会、认同（某人的感情或想法）:
vt. 指认、确认、验明某人或某事物（即说出其名字、身份或本质）:
vt. 确认:
identify |[aɪˈdentɪfaɪ]
She hates playing the sweet, passive women that audiences identify her with. 她讨厌扮演那些漂亮可爱、消极被动的女人，观众们已把她定型为这类角色。
The candidates all want to identify themselves with reform. 候选人都想把自己与改革密切联系起来。
The policy is closely identified with the President himself. 这项政策被认为与总统本人有密切关联。
Great orchestras came to be identified increasingly with German conductors. 杰出的交响乐团越来越被认为是德国指挥的功劳。
In many cases, the clothes people wear identify them as belonging to a particular social class. 很多情况下，人们的穿着显示出他们的社会阶级。
She wore a little nurse's hat on her head to identify her. 她头戴一顶小护士帽，很容易辨认。
His boots and purple beret identify him as commanding the Scottish Paratroops. 他的长靴和紫色贝雷帽表明他统领着苏格兰伞兵部队。
The pressbook did not specifically identify the film's setting. 宣传材料没具体说明电影的背景。
a serial number that uniquely identifies the disk 用于逐一区分光盘的序列号
The bodies were identified as those of two suspected drug dealers. 那两具尸体被辨认出原是两名贩毒嫌疑犯。
She was able to identify her attacker. 她认出了袭击她的人。
I could identify him easily if I saw him again. 如果再见到他，我很容易就能把他认出来。
Did you identify all the pictures correctly? 你把所有照片都认对了吗? 
There are a number of distinguishing characteristics by which you can identify a Hollywood epic. 好莱坞的史诗大片有着一些与众不同的特点。
I tried to identify her perfume. 我试图分辨出她用哪种香水。
The new test will enable us to identify more accurately patients who are most at risk. 新的检测方法将使我们能够更加准确地识别哪些病人的情况最危急。
Participants learn to identify different species by their calls. 参与人员学习通过分析鸣叫声音来分辨不同的物种。
Jaime successfully identified all 45 different species. 杰米成功辨别出全部45个物种。
a computer program to automatically identify any query ending with a question mark 一套自动识别以问号结尾的问句的计算机程序
Scientists have identified a link between diet and cancer. 科学家发现了饮食与癌症之间的关联。
The researchers hope to identify ways to improve the treatment. 研究人员希望找到提高治疗效果的方法。
As yet they have not identified a buyer for the company. 迄今为止他们还没有为公司找到买主。
He has stepped up efforts to identify and acquire other small companies. 他加紧努力寻找并收购别的小公司。
They are trying to identify what is wrong with the present system. 他们正试图弄清现行制度的弊端所在。
Having identified the problem, the question arises of how to overcome it. 发现问题后，如何克服它的问题又出现了。
Most students failed to identify the quotation. 多数学生没能找出那条引语。
Business trends are rapidly identified by this system. 通过这个系统能迅速了解商业发展动态。
She would only play a role if she could identify with the character. 她只愿扮演她能认同的角色。
She identified strongly with the main character in the play. 她与戏里的主人公产生了强烈共鸣。
I can't identify with men like him. 像他那样的男人我没法认同。
I could speak their language and identify with their problems because I had been there myself. 我会讲他们的语言，能体会他们的难处，因为我自己曾在那里呆过。
Police have already identified around 10 murder suspects. 警方已经确认了约10名谋杀案疑凶。
Someone has to formally identify the body. 必须有人出面正式确认死者的身份。
Passengers were asked to identify their own suitcases before they were put on the plane. 乘客被要求先确认自己的旅行箱再送上飞机。
Many of those arrested refused to identify themselves (= would not say who they were). 很多被逮捕的人拒不透露身份。
The newspaper declined to identify the source of the allegations. 报社拒绝透露那些说法的来源。
The reporters identified one of the six Americans as an Army Specialist. 记者们认出六名美国人中有一位是陆军技术兵。
Ms. Wilson was publicly identified as a CIA operative. 威尔逊女士被公开指认为中情局特工。
All three structures dated to the third century and were tentatively identified as shrines. 这三座建筑全都建于三世纪，并且被初步鉴定为神庙。
one means of identifying the disease in its early stages 早期确诊这种疾病的一种方法 
The surgeon visually identifies and cuts out the cancerous tissue. 外科大夫确认癌变组织的位置并予以切除。
We have not yet clearly identified the source of the pollution. 我们尚未确定污染源。

vt. ~ sth (on/upon sth/sb) 推行或采用一项新法律、规则、税收、技术、解决方案等；（权威方）以命令的形式强制实行一项规则、惩罚措施等:
vt. ~ sth (on/upon sb/sth) 强加限制、约束等:
vt. ~ sth (on/upon sb) 使某人承受压力、负担、痛苦等:
vt. ~ sth (on/upon sb) 强行使某人接受你的观点、信仰、愿望等:
vi. ~ (on/upon sb/sth) 当某人可能不便的时候，勉强其为你做某事或花时间与你在一起:
vt. ~ yourself (on/upon sb/sth) 使某人或某事物接受或意识到你的在场或你的想法:
vt. ~ sth (on/upon sth/sb) 征收税款:
impose |[ɪmˈpəʊz;美ɪmˈpoʊz]
centrally impose（尤英）中央强制推行 
to meet externally imposed targets 达成外部强加的目标 
A new tax was imposed on fuel. 当局开始对燃油征收一项新税。
to impose fines on airlines 对航空公司课以罚款 
Many companies have imposed a pay freeze. 许多公司已经强制冻结了工资。
New technology cannot be used successfully if it is simply imposed on an unwilling workforce. 如果工人不愿意使用新技术却强迫他们使用，新技术是不能得到成功应用的。
People did not accept these national borders which had been arbitrarily imposed. 民众不接受这些以蛮横方式强行划定的国界。
One side in the conflict cannot unilaterally impose a settlement. 冲突的一方不能单方面强加一种解决方案。
to impose limitations, to impose restrictions, to impose constraints 强行限制；强行管制；强行约束 
The government has imposed a ban on the sale of handguns. 政府已下令禁止销售手枪。
The terms of the contract were effectively imposed rather than agreed. 合同的条件实际上不是双方同意而是强加的。
The filming imposed an additional strain on her. 拍摄任务使她承受了格外大的压力。
the pressures imposed upon teachers by ceaseless curriculum reforms 无休止的课程改革使教师承受的压力 
This system imposes additional financial burdens on many people. 这个制度给很多人增加了额外的经济负担。
She didn't want to impose her values on her family. 她并不想勉强家人接受自己的价值观。
You can't impose your will on the others. 你不能把自己的意志强加给别人。
Parents should beware of imposing their own tastes on their children. 父母应切记不要把自己的喜好强加给孩子。
Motivation to learn must come from the child; it cannot be artificially imposed. 学习的动机必须来自儿童本身——不能人为强加。
‘You must stay for lunch. ’ ‘Well, thanks, but I don't want to impose…’ “你一定得留下吃午饭。”“唔，谢谢，但我不想添麻烦…” 
Everyone imposes on Dave's good nature. 大家都欺负戴夫脾气好。
I was afraid you'd simply feel we were imposing on you. 我担心你会觉得我们是在勉强你。
'Mum thinks I should stop imposing on your hospitality, Leo,' said Grace. “利奥，我妈妈觉得我不应该再在这儿麻烦你了，”格雷丝说。
I didn't want to impose myself on my married friends. 我不想打扰自己已婚的朋友。
European civilization was the first to impose itself across the whole world. 欧洲文明是最先传扬到全世界的。
A new tax was imposed on fuel. 当局开始对燃油征收一项新税。
to impose fines on airlines 对航空公司课以罚款                       

n. [C] [非正式]（通常指匆匆吃的）少量餐食，如点心、快餐（这种餐食做起来或吃起来比较快）；小吃、零嘴（如巧克力）:
vi. ~ on sth 吃小吃、吃点心、吃快餐（在主餐之间吃，或代替主餐）:
n. [C] [澳大利亚，非正式] 容易办到的事，如小事一桩、小菜一碟:
snack |[snæk]
I only have time for a snack at lunchtime. 中午，我的时间只够吃点心。
Lunch was a snack in the fields. 午饭是在野外吃的便餐。
light, little, small snack 小吃；点心 
quick snack 快餐；匆匆吃点东西 
We stopped for a quick snack. 我们停下来匆匆吃了点东西。
healthy, nutritious snack 健康快餐；营养快餐 
salty, savoury/savory（尤英）snack 咸味点心；美味点心 
sugary, sweet snack 甜点 
Do you eat sweets, cakes or sugary snacks? 你吃糖果、蛋糕或甜点吗？
cold, hot snack 冷食快餐；热食快餐 
bedtime（尤美）, late-night, lunch-time, mid-afternoon, mid-morning, midnight snack 睡前点心；宵夜；午间快餐；下午茶；上午茶点 
bar snack 酒吧小吃 
Do you serve bar snacks? 你这儿卖不卖快餐？
Order bar snacks with your drinks. 叫点小吃配你的饮料吧。
to stop for a snack 停下来吃点东西 
I made myself a light snack. 我为自己准备了些小吃。
A bar service provides drinks and snacks throughout the day.吧台全天提供饮料和茶点。
snack food 零食 
snack lunch, snack meal（均英）快餐午饭；快餐饭 
Most office staff prefer a snack lunch to a sit-down meal. 大部分办公室职员都喜欢快餐午饭而非在餐厅正式用餐。
snack time 茶点时间 
snack bar, snack counter 快餐店；快餐柜台 
snack machine零食自动售货机 
I got a drink from the hotel snack machine. 我在宾馆的自动售货机上买了杯饮料。
It's healthier to snack on fruit rather than chocolate. 作为点心，水果比巧克力更有益于健康。
Instead of snacking on crisps and chocolate, nibble on celery or carrot. 不要把薯片和巧克力当零食来吃，要吃些芹菜和胡萝卜。
She would improve her diet if she ate less fried food and snacked less. 如果她少吃油炸食品和零食的话，她的饮食结构就会有所改观。
It'll be a snack. 这不过是小事一桩。

vt. [正式] 需要某东西；倚靠某人（或某东西）:
vt. [正式] require sth (of sb) 使某人做某事或使某人拥有某东西（尤指因为根据某项法律或某些规则而具有必要性）:
require |[rɪ'kwaɪə]
These pets require a lot of care and attention. 这些宠物需要悉心照顾。
to require medical treatment 需要治疗 
This condition requires urgent treatment. 这种情况得紧急处理。
Do you require anything else? (= in a shop/store, for example) 您还需要什么吗？
True marriage requires us to show trust and loyalty. 真正的婚姻有赖于我们表现出信任与忠诚。
to require soaking before cooking 在烹饪前需要浸泡 
These plants absolutely require shade. 这些植物必须养在阴凉处。
What exactly is required of a receptionist? 接待员的职责到底是什么？
The wearing of seat belts is required by law. 法律规定必须系安全带。
required reading 指定读物 
to reach the required standard 达到规定的标准 
to be required to take a short test 被要求参加一次小测验

~ (of…) 捐赠、捐献；捐赠物、捐献物:
donation |[dəʊˈneɪʃn;美doʊ-]
Employees make regular donations to charity. 员工定期向慈善机构捐赠。
Charities appealed for donations of food and clothing for victims of the hurricane. 慈善机构呼吁为飓风的受害者们捐献食品和衣物。
generous, large, small donation 慷慨捐赠；大量捐赠；少量捐助 
a donation of £200/a £200 donation 200英镑的捐款 
company, corporate donation 公司捐赠；企业捐赠 
personal, private donation 个人捐赠；私人捐赠 
The project is funded by public donation. 该工程是由公众捐资修建的。
anonymous donation 匿名捐赠 
voluntary donation 自愿捐赠 
charitable, political donation 慈善捐赠；政治捐赠 
campaign donation（尤美）竞选捐助 
cash, financial, monetary（尤美）donation 现金捐赠；捐资 
tax-deductible donation 可享税收减免的捐赠 
online donation 网上捐款 
blood, egg, organ, sperm donation 献血；卵子捐献；器官捐献；捐精 
He made a generous donation to the charity. 他向慈善机构作出慷慨的捐赠。
The charity has received over $10 million in donations. 这个慈善机构收到了超过1，000万美元的捐赠。
a donation towards/toward the building of a new hospital 对兴建新医院的捐款

vt. 和…一样好，或和…处于同一标准上，即比得上:
adj. equal to sth [正式] 在成功处理问题方面，拥有足够的力量、勇气和能力的:
vt. 导致…，或结果为…:
linking verb. 指在尺寸、数量、价值等方面与…相等，即等于。是此义的常规用词:
adj. equal (to sb/sth) 尺寸、数量、价值、实力、重要性、结果等方面相等的:
n. [C] 品质上相同的人或事物，或在地位、权利等方面相同的人或事物:
adj. 1 equal (to sb/sth) 尺寸、数量、价值、实力、重要性、结果等方面相等的:
2 拥有相同权利的，或被公平对待的，不考虑种族、宗教或性别等方面的差别的:
linking verb. 指在尺寸、数量、价值等方面与…相等，即等于:
equal |['i:kwəl]
The victory equalled the team’s best in history. 这次胜利平了该队历史上的最佳纪录。
to equal the world record 平世界纪录 
The achievements of the scientist are hard to be equalled. 这位科学家的成就其他人难以匹敌。
to be equal to any test 成功应对任何考验 
I believe that you are equal to the challenge. 我相信你能成功应对这一挑战。
I felt that nothing could make me equal to the demands being made of me. 我觉得自己根本无法达到那些对我的要求。
I felt more than equal to the task. 这个任务对我来说不难。
Innovation equals progress. 创新引领进步。
1 plus 1 equals 2. 1加1等于2。
A metre equals 39.38 inches. 1米等于39.38英寸。
to be equal in weight 重量相等 
The two books are more or less equal in length. 这两本书篇幅差不多。
equal numbers 数量相等 
One pound is roughly equal to two dollars. 一英镑大约相当于两美元。
He is one of members of the team, their equal. 他是该团队中的一员，和他们平起平坐。
intellectual, social equal 智力相当的人；社会地位相当的人 
In fighting, they had no equals. 论打架，他们没有对手。
The product of the small company is equal of those produced anywhere of the world. 这家小公司的产品可与世界上任何地方生产的产品相媲美。
to be equal in weight 重量相等 
equal numbers 相等的数量 
equal importance 同样重要 
One pound is roughly equal to two dollars. 一英镑大约相当于两美元。
The EU nations together have an economy about equal in size to that of the US. 欧盟各国的经济实力总和与美国相当。
to demand equal rights 要求平等的权利 
equal opportunities 平等的机会 
equal pay 同等的报酬 
Everyone is born equal. 人人生来平等。
1 plus 1 equals 2 1加1等于2 
A metre equals 39.38 inches. 1米等于39.38英寸。

rare (to do sth) 不是经常地被执行（或被看到、发生等），如少见的，罕见的:
adj.（肉）只烹调了很短一段时间因而其内部依然是生的，即半生不熟的:
adj. 现存的数量很少因而有价值或有趣的，即稀罕的，珍贵的。强调数量少决定价值高:
adj.（品质）极好的，杰出的:
rare |[reə]
adj. rare (for sb/sth to do sth) 
rare disease 罕见的疾病 
It’s extremely rare for it to be this hot in April. 四月份就这样炎热是极其罕见的。
Waiter, I specifically asked for this steak rare. 服务员，我特别强调了这块牛排要做得嫩些。
rare book, rare coin, rare stamp 珍贵的书；珍贵的硬币；珍贵的邮票 
This species is extremely rare. 这一物种极为罕见。
Ferris has a rare ability to record her observations on paper. 费里斯具备把自己的观察结果记录下来的超强能力。
It was a rare pleasure to see him. 看见他真是太好了。

vt. 明确说明:
vt.（尤指通过给出具体的信息）说明:
vt. 具体指定:
vt.（尤指通过给出具体的信息）明确规定:
specify |[ˈspesɪfaɪ]
He has not specified what action he would like them to take. 他尚未明确说明自己希望他们采取什么样的行动。
She did not specify precisely how many people were involved in the incident. 她没有确切说明这起事件涉及多少人。
Are all the details correctly specified? 所有细节都准确无误地说清楚了吗？
Remember to specify your size when ordering clothes. 订购服装时记着要详细说明你要的号码。
Unless otherwise specified, all fields have a maximum length of 20 characters. 除非另作说明，每个字段最大长度是20个字符。
They specified a spacious entrance hall. 他们专门指定要一个宽敞的大门厅。
Each computer is uniquely specified by its serial number. 每台计算机都有单独指定的序列号。
The contract clearly specifies who can operate the machinery. 合同明确规定谁可以操作机器。
The regulations specify that calculators may not be used in the examination. 考试规则明确规定考试时不得使用计算器。
Each recipe specifies the size of egg to be used. 每种菜谱都具体规定了所用鸡蛋的大小。
One rule specifies that learner drivers must be supervised by adults. 一条规则明确规定，见习驾驶员必须有成人的监督。

adj. 常作前置定语，一直都在发生的，或重复发生的，即持续不断的，重复的:
adj.（尤指数量或水平）不变的，恒定的，相当于fixed:
n. [C] [术语] 常数，常量:
constant |['kɒnstənt]
constant interruptions 无休止的干扰 
a constant stream of visitors all day 整天络绎不绝的游客 
Babies need constant attention. 婴儿一刻也离不开人。
This entrance is in constant use. 此入口经常使用。
a constant threat 一个持续的威胁
a constant speed 恒定速度 
The level of unemployment remains fairly constant at around 10%. 失业率一直维持在10%左右，比较稳定。
All variables except one must be held constant. 除了一个变量以外，其他所有变量必须保持恒定。

cause (something) to conform to a standard:导致（某事）符合标准
adopt (something) as one's standard:以（某事）为标准
determine the properties of (something) by comparison with a standard.:通过与标准比较来确定（某物）的属性。
standardize |ˈstandədʌɪz| Verb/:标准化,规范
in quoting from the letters, I have standardized the spelling and punctuation:在引用字母时，我已经标准化了拼写和标点符号
we could standardize on US equipment:我们可以标准化美国设备

vt. [正式]（火）完全烧毁:
vt. 消耗、耗费（时间）:
vt. [正式] consume sb (with sth) 常用被动式，表示使某人充满某种强烈感情:
vt. [正式] 消耗、耗费（燃料、能量或时间等）:
vt. [正式] 吃，喝:
consume |[kən'sju:m]
The hotel was quickly consumed by fire. 那座旅馆很快被大火吞噬。
Carolyn was consumed with guilt. 卡罗琳深感内疚。
Rage consumed him. 他无比愤怒。
The electricity industry consumes large amounts of fossil fuels. 电力工业消耗大量的化石燃料。
He had consumed a large quantity of alcohol. 他喝了大量的酒。

n. [U] 一个进程在某一时间的状况或情形:
n. 1 [U, C] 一个人（或群体、国家）的法律身份:
2 [U, C, usually sing.]（某人或某事物相对于其他人或事物的）身份:
n. 1 [U, C] 一个人（或群体、国家）的法律地位。是一个常规用词:
2 [U, C, usually sing.]（某人或某事物相对于其他人或事物的）社会地位、专业地位或职位:
3 [U] 高级职位、高的社会地位:
4 [U, C, usually sing.] 某事物被赋予的重要程度:
status |['steɪtəs]
What is the current status of our application for funds? 我们申请资金目前进展状况如何？
educational, employment, financial status 教育状况；就业状况；财政状况 
marital status 婚姻状况 
health status 健康状况
refugee, immigrant, resident status 难民身份；移民身份；居民身份 
The Institute has now achieved full status as part of the university. 该研究所现在已正式成为这所大学的一部分。
He argued that the email had no legal status. 他认为电子邮件没有法律效力。
A majority voted for fully independent status for the region. 大多数人投票赞成该地区完全独立。
The organization has charitable status. 该组织是慈善机构。
amateur status 业余身份 
celebrity, star status 名人身份；明星身份 
My outsider status granted me special insights. 我的局外人身份赋予了我独特的见解。
He achieved celebrity status. 他成了名人。
diplomatic status 外交地位 
international status 国际地位 
superpower status 超级大国地位 
the company’s status among retailers 这家公司在零售业中的地位 
low status jobs 地位低下的工作 
economic, occupational, professional, social status 经济地位；职业地位；专业地位；社会地位 
Marrying a rich woman helped him achieve status. 他靠与一个富有的女人结婚获得了地位。
This sort of bike has status among teenagers. 这种自行车很受青少年喜爱。
The show has been elevated to cult status. 该节目受到了狂热追捧。
The job brings with it status and a high income. 担任这一职务既有显贵的地位又有丰厚的收入。
the high status accorded to science in our culture 我们的文化对科学的高度崇尚

vt. 补充（以起到改进作用）:
n. [C] ~ (to sth) 补充物、补足物:
n. [C] 被需要或被允许的全部数额，如装备定额；编制名额:
n. [C] [语法] 补足语、补语:
complement |[ˈkɒmplɪment;美ˈkɑ:m-]
The excellent menu is complemented by a good wine list. 佳肴佐以美酒，可称完美无缺。
The dishes on the menu complement each other perfectly. 菜单上的各道菜品搭配绝妙。
Nutmeg, parsley and cider all complement the flavour of these beans well. 肉豆蔻、西芹和苹果酒都能很好地突出这些豆子的味道。
The team needs players who complement each other. 球队需要能够相互取长补短的队员。
We complement one another perfectly. 我们相互取长补短，堪称完美。
There will be a written examination to complement the practical test. 会有笔试作为实践考试的补充。
The green wallpaper is the perfect complement to the old pine of the dresser. 绿色的墙纸完美地衬托出衣橱那年代久远的松木。
Political knowledge is a necessary complement to science in approaching solutions to these problems. 在寻找解决这些问题的方法时，需要有政治知识作为对科学知识的补充。
This wine is the perfect complement to fish. 这种葡萄酒最适合吃鱼时喝。
Each ship had a complement of around a dozen officers and 250 men. 每艘船的编制人数约为军官12位，船员250名。
We've taken our full complement of trainees this year. 我们今年接收的实习生已满员。
Not one house on the Close still had its full complement of windows. 克洛斯岛上没有一所房子的窗户仍旧是齐全的。
normal complement 标准全编名额
In the sentences ‘I'm angry’ and ‘He became a politician’, ‘angry’ and ‘politician’ are complements. 在句子I 'm angry和He became a politician中，angry和politician为补语。

adj.（时间）很长的，通常是太长的:
adj.（报告、文章、解释等）长篇大论的，冗长的:
lengthy |[ˈleŋθi]
a lengthy meeting 冗长的会议 
Agreement was finally reached after very lengthy discussions. 经过漫长的讨论之后协议终于达成。
the lengthy process of obtaining a visa 获得签证的漫长过程 
the lengthy process of filling out passport application forms 填写护照申请表的漫长过程 
a lengthy delay 长时间的拖延
a lengthy report from the Council of Ministers 部长会议发布的冗长报告 
There is a lengthy article on Spike Milligan in the Observer newspaper. 《观察家报》上有一篇关于斯派克·米利根的长篇文章。
a lengthy explanation 冗长的解释

adj. [非正式] financially ~ 拮据的；经济困难的:
~ (to do sth)（人或其行为）（尤指在社交场合）窘迫的，尴尬的，害羞的:
embarrassed |[ɪmˈbærəst]
adj. ~ (about/at sth) 
She's embarrassed about her height. 她因自己个子高而困窘。
He felt acutely embarrassed at being the focus of attention. 成为大家注意的焦点使他感到非常不自在。
Some women are too embarrassed to consult their doctor about the problem. 有些妇女太害羞，不愿就这个问题向医生咨询。
Her remark was followed by an embarrassed silence. 她的话讲完后，接下来便是难堪的沉默。
She seemed almost embarrassed by her own outburst. 看起来她为没有控制住自己的情绪几乎有些难堪。
Amy felt embarrassed for him. 埃米替他感到羞愧。
I've never felt so embarrassed in my life! 我一生中从未感到如此难堪过！
He looked a bit embarrassed. 他看起来有点尴尬。

adj.（行为、思想等）基于理智（而非感情）的:
adj. 1（行为、思想等）基于理智（而非感情）的:
2（人）理智的、头脑清醒的（而非基于感情来做决定的）:
rational |[ˈræʃnəl]
rational argument, rational choice 合理的论点；合理的选择 
rational analysis, rational thought 有道理的分析；有道理的思考 
There is no rational explanation for his actions. 对他的所作所为无法做出合理的解释。
He's asking you to look at both sides of the case and come to a rational decision. 他是要求你看到问题的两面后再做出理性的决定。
Mary was able to short-circuit her stress response by keeping her thoughts calm and rational. 玛丽能够保持头脑清醒理智，因而迅速做出反应。
It all seemed quite rational to me. 在我看来这似乎全都合情合理。
With children working from the age of ten, large families were economically rational. 孩子从十岁就开始工作，多要几个孩子在经济上考虑是合乎情理的。          
He's asking you to look at both sides of the case and come to a rational decision. 他是要求你看到问题的两面后再做出理性的决定。
Mary was able to short-circuit her stress response by keeping her thoughts calm and rational. 玛丽能够保持头脑清醒理智，因而迅速做出反应。
No rational person would ever behave like that. 有头脑的人都不会这样做。
Did he come across as a sane rational person? 他看起来是一个正常而理智的人吗？
Rachel looked calmer and more rational now. 雷切尔现在看上去更加平静、更加理智了。
Try to be rational about it. 尽量理智地对待这件事。
At the time she was perfectly rational. 当时她是十分理智的。
Humans are essentially rational beings. 人在本质上是理性动物。           

adj. 不友好的，不想与某人有较近关系的，即疏远的。较常用:
adj. 心不在焉的，完全走神的。不太常用:
adj.（时间上）远的；久远的:
adj. 只用于名词前，（亲戚）远房的，远亲的:
adj. distant (from sth) 与…不相似的，不同的，相当于remote:
adj.（空间上）远的，即遥远的，远处的:
distant |['dɪstənt]
Their relationship has grown increasingly distant. 他们的关系变得越来越疏远。
emotionally distant 情感上疏离 
He felt oddly distant from her. 他觉得跟她莫名地疏远了。
There was a distant look in her eyes; her mind was obviously on something else. 她眼神恍惚，显然心里在想着别的什么事儿。
in the far distant future 在遥远的将来 
a distant memory 久远的记忆 
a distant hope 遥不可及的希望
a distant cousin 远房堂兄弟 
a distant relative 远房亲戚
Their life seemed utterly distant from his own. 他们的生活与他自己的生活似乎完全不同。
the distant sound 远处的声音 
The sound of the engine was growing more and more distant. 引擎的响声越来越远。
distant stars 遥远的恒星 
The airport was about 20 kilometres distant.（正式用法）机场在大约20公里远的地方。
The mountains rolled away to a distant horizon. 群山绵延至遥远的天边。

a person who spends their time looking after a home and doing housework rather than being employed outside the home (typically applied to a woman):一个花时间照顾家和做家务而不是在家外受雇的人（通常适用于女性）
homemaker |ˈhəʊmˌmeɪkə| Noun/:家庭主妇,家政
I was a homemaker with two small children:我是一个有两个小孩的家庭主妇
