legend						传说，铭文
dictator						独裁者，权威
diversity						多样性
quit							停止，辞去，退出
outgoing						友好的，离开的
the outgoing tide				退潮
solution						解决办法，溶液，答案
revenge						报复，报仇
reverse						相反情况，失败，相反的，倒档
enroll						注册，参加
logically						合乎逻辑的
rental						租金，租赁
component						零件，组成的
quotation						引文，报价
faith							信心，信任，信仰
invalid						残疾人，退役，无效的
invade						侵略，侵扰
separately						分别的，单独的
strain						压力，劳损，种类，旋律，过滤，尽力
accessible						容易到达的，易获得的
lap							大腿，一圈，轻拍
in the lap of luxury				生活优裕
character						性格，特性，字，名誉
widespread						普遍的
rearrange						重新布置
hospitalize					送...入院治疗
avail							收益
to be of no avail				没有用
to avail oneself of sth			利用某事物
instant						即刻的
democratic						民主制度的
barely						仅仅，几乎不
vanish						消失
caregiver						看护人
\\\\\\\\

n. [C]（尤指某领域中的）传奇性的人物:
n. [C] [术语] 地图（或书中图表）的解释:
n. [C, U]（可真可假的）传奇故事、传说（可以发生在过去，也可以发生在现在）:
n. [C] [正式]（标志、徽记、硬币等物品上的）铭文:
legend |[ˈledʒənd]
She was a legend in her own lifetime. 她在世的时候就是一个传奇人物。
living legend 活生生的传奇人物 o movie stars who become living legends 成为活传奇的影星 
basketball, music, rock, screen legend 篮球界的传奇；音乐传奇；摇滚乐的传奇人物；银幕传奇 
Hollywood legend 好莱坞的传奇
old legend 古老的传说 
Greek legend 希腊传说 
the legend of Robin Hood 罗宾汉的传奇故事 
the heroes of Greek legend 希腊传说中的英雄 
the legends of ancient Greece 古希腊传说 
Legend has it that the lake was formed by the tears of a god. 据传说这个湖是一位神仙的眼泪积聚而成的。
The incident has since become a family legend. 此事自此成为了家族传奇。
His frequent brushes with death are the stuff of legend among the press. 他频繁地与死神擦肩而过，成了报章杂志的热门猛料。
The story of how she was rescued has already passed into legend. 她被救的经历已经成了传奇故事。
He told us the legend of the ghostly horseman. 他给我们讲幽灵骑士的传说。
The legend of his supernatural origins lives on. 他不是肉体凡胎的传说仍在流传。
Legend says that the forest is cursed. 传说那是一片受了诅咒的森林。
According to ancient legend, the river is a goddess. 据古代传说，这条河是位女神。
There have always been stories of human giants in Celtic legend and mythology. 凯尔特神话传说中一直都有巨人的故事。
legends about the Vikings关于维京人的传说 
The story is part of the ancient legend of King Arthur.这个故事是亚瑟王的古老传说的一部分。
Legend has it that the Bridge of Sighs got its name from the cries of prisoners being led across it.传说叹息桥的名字源于囚犯过桥时发出的叹息声。
the myths and legends of Mexico 墨西哥神话传说 
The island has long been the subject of legend. 这座岛屿长期以来一直是传说的主题。

n. [C] [贬] 对别人发号施令的一个人、专横的人:
n. [C] [贬] 国家的独裁者，尤指通过军事力量掌权的独裁者:
dictator |[dɪkˈteɪtə(r);美ˈdɪkteɪtər]


n. 1 [U, C, usually sing.] 差异（性）；不同（点）:
2 [U] 多样性；多样化:
diversity |[daɪˈvɜ:səti;美-ˈvɜ:rs-]
biological, ecological, gene, genetic, species diversity 生物多样性；生态多样性；基因多样性；遗传多样性；物种多样性 
the biological diversity of the rainforests 热带雨林的生物多样性 
a rich diversity of opinion 意见纷纭 
There is a wide diversity of views on this subject. 关于这一主题存在着多种多样的看法。
His object is to gather as great a diversity of material as possible. 他的目标就是尽可能多地搜集各种材料。
the rich diversity of the city's cultural life 城市文化生活的丰富多彩 
The south-east has the highest diversity of freshwater fish in the country. 东南部是该国淡水鱼多样性最高的地方。
People are being encouraged to celebrate the diversity of their communities. 人们被鼓动着颂扬他们社区的多样性。
the cultural diversity of British society 英国社会文化的多元性 
to introduce more choice and diversity into the education system 在教育体系中引入更多的选择和多样性 
There is a need for greater diversity and choice in education. 教育方面需要更加多元化和更大的选择性。
There is need for greater diversity and choice in education。教育需要更加多样化，提供更多的选择。
cultural, ethnic，gender，intellectual（尤美）, linguistic, political, racial, religious diversity 文化多样性；民族多样性；性别多样性；知识多样性；语言多样性；政治多样性；种族多样性；宗教多元化 
ideological diversity 意识形态多元化 
geographic（尤美）, geographical, regional 地理多元化；区域多元化 
global diversity 全球多元化 
Our party believes in encouraging cultural diversity, not division. 我们党鼓励文化多元化，而不是文化分歧。
a racist society with a reluctance to embrace diversity 不愿拥抱多元化的种族主义社会 
You're lucky to work for a company which values diversity. 你很幸运能为一个尊重多元化的公司工作。
The producer was under pressure to maintain a diversity in his output. 生产商承受着保持产品多元化的压力。
The teaching profession does not yet reflect the diversity of the population. 教师职业还没有反映出人口的多样性。
Tyrannies do not allow diversity and disagreement. 专制统治不容许多元化和不同意见。
diversity in the style of the reports 报道风格的多元化

vt.＆vi. [非正式] quit (as sth) 离开（工作岗位、学校等）:
vt.＆vi. [尤美，非正式] 停止做某事:
vt.＆vi. 离开你所居住的那个地方，即迁出、搬离:
vt.＆vi. [非正式] quit (as sth) 退出某项活动:
vt.＆vi. 退出一个计算机程序（或退出一个应用程序）。不过不如exit常用:
quit |[kwɪt]
to quit over pay 因为薪资问题而辞职 
He has decided to quit as manager of the team. 他已决定辞掉球队教练的职务。
I’ve quit smoking. 我戒了烟。
We only just started. We’re not going to quit now. 我们才刚刚开始，现在决不放弃。
I thought about working part-time, or quitting altogether. 我想过从事兼职工作，或干脆什么也不干了。
to quit the city 离开这座城市 
The landlord gave them all notice to quit. 房东通知他们都搬出去。
He quit the show last year because of bad health. 去年他因身体欠佳而退出了表演。

adj. 只用于名词前，即将卸任某一责任职位的（即不再对该职位上的事务之对错或功过负责的）:
adj. 爱交际的，享受别人的陪伴并对别人友好的，外向的，相当于sociable:
adj. 只用于名词前，从某个地方向外离开（而非向内进入）的，与incoming相反:
outgoing |['aʊtɡəʊɪŋ]
the outgoing president, the outgoing government 即将下台的总统；即将倒台的政府
an outgoing personality 外向的性格
This telephone should be used for outgoing calls. 这部电话用于打外线。
outgoing flights, outgoing passengers 出港航班；出港旅客 
the outgoing tide 退潮

n. [C] ~ (to sth) 问题的解决办法，或艰难局面的处理手段:
n. [U] 在液体中的溶解过程:
n. [C, U] 溶液:
n. [C] ~ (to sth) 谜题或数学题的答案:
solution |[səˈlu:ʃn]
There's no simple solution to this problem. 这个问题没有简单的解决办法。
the ability to sort out simple, effective solutions to practical problems 找出简单有效的方法解决实际问题的能力 
Although he has sought to find a peaceful solution, he is facing pressure to use greater military force. 尽管他试图寻求和平解决，但现在却面临使用更多武力的压力。
Attempts to find a solution have failed. 试图找到解决办法的种种努力全都失败了。
Do you have a better solution? 你有更好的解决办法吗？
the solution of glucose in water 葡萄糖在水中的溶解
an alkaline solution 碱溶液 
saline solution 盐溶液 
a warm solution of liquid detergent 热洗涤剂溶液 
Vitamins in solution are more affected than those in solid foods. 溶液里的维生素比固体食物里的维生素受到的影响更大。
the solution to crossword No. 19721 第 19721 号纵横字谜的答案 
The solution to last week's quiz is on page 81. 上星期测验的答案在第81页。

n. 1 [U] 报仇、报复:
2 [U] [体育]（曾经失败一方的）雪耻，打败对手:
be revenged on sb 向…报复、报仇:
revenge |[rɪˈvendʒ]
He swore to take (his) revenge on his political enemies. 他发誓要报复他的政敌。
He vowed to take his revenge on the man who had killed his brother. 他发誓要报复杀害他哥哥的那个人。
The attackers were said to be taking revenge on the 14-year-old, claiming he was a school bully. 据说，这些攻击者是在报复这个14岁的孩子，说他是学校的小霸王。
The killings were said to have been in revenge for the murder of her lover. 据说，她杀人是为了替她被害的情人报仇。
She is seeking revenge for the murder of her husband. 丈夫遭到谋杀，她在寻找机会报仇。
The bombing was in revenge for the assassination. 爆炸事件是对暗杀行为的报复。
The attack was in revenge for the deaths of two prisoners. 这次袭击是对两名囚犯之死的报复。
an act of revenge 报复行动 
revenge attacks, revenge killings 报复性的袭击；报复性的杀戮 
revenge fantasy 复仇幻想 
Revenge is sweet, so they say. 复仇给人带来快意，他们如是说。
For ten years he has been plotting his revenge. 十年来他一直在策划进行报复。
revenge for the insult 因受侮辱而进行报复 
She desperately wanted to take revenge on her attacker. 她不顾一切地要对袭击她的人进行报复。
The bombing was an act of revenge for the shooting of two young boys. 这次轰炸是针对枪杀两个小男孩而实施的报复行动。
The accusations were driven by a desire for revenge. 这些指控是出于报复的动机。
The team wanted to get revenge for their defeat earlier in the season. 球队想要为这个赛季早先的失败雪耻。
This was sweet revenge for our defeat earlier in the season. 本赛季早些时候我们输给了对手，这次可算是个令人痛快的复仇。
The Sunday Mercury accused her of trying to revenge herself on her former lover.《星期日信使报》指责她企图报复她以前的情人。
the relatives of murdered villagers wanting to revenge the dead 想要为死者报仇的被害村民的亲属           

vt. [美] ~ yourself (on sth) 承认错误:
vt. [美] ~ yourself (on sth)（在争论中）放弃立场:
n. [C] [正式] 损失；失败；（从成功到失败的）倒退:
vt. 撤销，废除（决定、法律等）:
vt. 交换、对调（位置或功能、角色）:
vt. [英] ~ (the) charges 打对方付费的电话:
vt.（趋势、过程等）逆转、转变到对立面:
vt. 使物体反转；使次序颠倒:
adj. 1 相反的:
2 与正面相反的，即背面的、反面的:
n. 1 [sing.] the reverse可指相反的情况（或事物）:
2 [sing.] the reverse可指（硬币、材料、纸张等的）背面、后面、反面:
3 [sing.] in reverse 反向；逆序:
4 [sing.] go/put sth into reverse（使）出现逆转，转化为对立面:
vt.&vi. [尤英]（使）车辆倒退行驶，即倒车:
n. [U]（也可用reverse gear）倒挡；倒车:
reverse |[rɪˈvɜ:s;美rɪˈvɜ:rs]
He has reversed himself on a dozen issues. 他已经不再坚持自己在一系列问题上的立场。
Property values have suffered another reverse. 房地产价值再次遭受损失。
a damaging political reverse 具有破坏性的政治倒退 
It's clear that the party of the former Prime Minister has suffered a major reverse. 显然，前首相所在党派遭受了重大的挫折。
Their forces have suffered serious reverses in recent months. 他们的部队在最近几个月里严重受挫。
The Court of Appeal reversed the decision. 上诉法庭撤销了这项裁决。
They have made it clear they will not reverse the decision to increase prices. 他们已经明确表示不会撤销提价的决定。                      
It felt as if we had reversed our roles of parent and child. 感觉就像我们父母和孩子交换了角色。
She used to work for me, but our situations are now reversed. 过去她为我工作，而现在我们的地位对调了。
He reversed the position of the two stamps. 他将两枚邮票的位置调换了一下。
I want to reverse the charges, please. 劳驾，我想打一个由受话人付费的电话。
to reverse a procedure, to reverse a process, to reverse a trend 彻底改变程序；扭转过程；扭转趋势 
The government has failed to reverse the economic decline. 政府未能扭转经济滑坡的趋势。
The decline in this industry has now been completely reversed. 这个行业现在已经完全扭转了昔日的衰退局面。
It is sometimes possible to arrest or reverse the disease. 有时可以阻止病情发展或使病情彻底好转。
The rise, the first in 10 months, reversed the downward trend in Belgium's jobless rate. 10个月来失业率的首次上升逆转了比利时失业率持续下降的趋势。
Writing is reversed in a mirror. 镜子里的字是反的。
You should reverse the order of these pages. 你该把这几页的顺序颠倒过来。
In the squares place a penny, nickel, dime and quarter in that order. The object is to reverse the order of these coins. 在这些方块中按顺序放置1分、5分、10分和25分的硬币各一枚。目标是颠倒这些硬币的顺序。
The normal word order is reversed in passive sentences. 正常词序在被动句中是颠倒的。
To solve the puzzle, simply reverse the order of the numbers. 要解开这个谜，只要颠倒数字的顺序即可。
to travel in the reverse direction 向相反方向行进 
The winners were announced in reverse order (= the person in the lowest place was announced first). 获胜者是按逆序宣布的。
The experiment had the reverse effect to what was intended. 实验的结果与原来的意图相反。
The wrong attitude will have exactly the reverse effect. 错误的态度会产生完全相反的效果。
Iron the garment on the reverse side. 这件衣服要从反面熨。
This problem is the reverse of the previous one. 这个问题和上一个问题相反。
Although I expected to enjoy living in the country, in fact the reverse is true. 尽管我原以为会喜欢乡村生活，但实际情况正好相反。
In the south, the reverse applies. 在南方，情况相反。
It wasn't easy to persuade her to come--quite the reverse. 说服她过来不容易——实在太难了。
There is absolutely no evidence at all that spectators want longer cricket matches. Quite the reverse. 完全没有证据表明观众想看时间更长的板球比赛。情况恰恰相反。
This would lead one to expect a fat, dense and detailed autobiography. The reverse is true. The book is short and spare. 这会让人以为是一本内容晦涩而详尽的大部头自传。但正好相反，这本书简短明了。
If you tell children to do something, they will often do the exact reverse. 告诉孩子要做什么事，他们往往会反着干。
The coin has a date on one side and the emperor's head on the reverse. 硬币的一面是日期，另一面是君主的头像。
Cheques should be made payable to Country Living and your address written on the reverse. 支票抬头必须写“《乡村生活》杂志”，你的地址应写在背面。
The secret number is my phone number in reverse. 这个密码是我的电话号码的逆序排列。
We did a similar trip to you, but in reverse. 我们走了和你相似的旅程，但方向相反。
In 2002 economic growth went into reverse. 2002年，经济增长发生了逆转。
The downward trend went into reverse and the scores started to creep up again. 比分下降的趋势发生逆转，分数又开始逐渐上升了。
Now reverse the car. 现在倒车。
Another car reversed out of the drive. 另一辆车倒出了车道。
He reversed and drove away. 他把车倒出来，开走了。
He reversed around the corner. 他倒车转过拐角。
She reversed into a parking space. 她将车倒着开进停车位。
Caution! This truck is reversing. 小心！卡车在倒车。
She slowly reversed up the narrow driveway. 她慢慢地顺着狭窄的车道往回倒车。
She slowly reversed the van up the narrow driveway.（英）她慢慢地将小货车顺着狭窄的车道往回倒。
The car reversed into a hedge. 汽车倒进树篱里。
He reversed slowly out of the garage. 他慢慢地从车库倒了出来。
He reversed the car slowly out of the garage.（英）他慢慢地把车从车库倒了出来。
Put the car in/into reverse. 把汽车挂上倒挡。
He lurched the car in reverse along the ruts to the access road. 他顺着车辙摇摇晃晃地将车倒到了支路上。
reverse gear 倒挡


enroll | 注册,报名

according to the rules of logic or formal argument:根据逻辑规则或形式论证
in a way that shows clear, sound reasoning:
in a way that is expected or sensible under the circumstances:以在这种情况下预期或合理的方式
logically |ˈlɒdʒɪkli| Adverb/:逻辑上,合乎逻辑
these suggestions are logically impossible:这些建议在逻辑上是不可能的
try to stay calm and think logically about the questions:尽量保持冷静，用逻辑思考问题
each room leads logically to the next:每个房间在逻辑上通向下一个房间

n. 1 [U, C, usually sing.]（也可用rent，不过尤用于美式英语）租金:
2 [U] 出租；租赁；招租:
3 [C] [尤美] 租用的房屋、汽车、设备等:
rental |[ˈrentl]
Telephone charges include line rental.（line rental为英式用法）电话费包括线路租用费。
The phone bill gives a breakdown of the cost of the line rental and of calls. 电话账单列出了线路租金和通话费用的明细。
The broadband package includes 6 months free line rental.（英）该宽带套餐包含免半年的线路租金。
It has been let at an annual rental of 393,000. 它以每年39.3万英镑的价格被租了出去。
rental accommodation（英）, rental property 供租赁的住所；供租赁的房屋 
rental car（尤美）供出租的汽车 
a minimum rental period of three months 三个月的最低租用期 
the world's largest car rental company 世界最大的汽车租赁公司 
Repairs and improvements can lead to higher rental rates. 修缮后可以提高租价。
equipment, ski rental（均尤美）设备租赁；雪具租赁 
bicycle, boat, car, truck rental（均尤美）自行车租赁；船只租赁；汽车租赁；卡车租赁 
video rental 录像出租 
rental company 租赁公司 
rental terms 租赁条款 
rental charge, rental fee, rental payment 出租费；支付的租金 
rental income 租金收入 
rental market 租赁市场 
The local rental market is booming. 当地租赁市场日趋繁荣。
Some land-lords have resorted to short-term rentals.（short-term rentals尤为美式用法）有些房东采取了短期租赁的方式。
‘Is this your own car? ’ ‘No, it's a rental.’ “这是你自己的车吗？”“不，是租来的。”

n. [C] 某事物的组成部分:
adj. 组成的:
n. [C] 零件，尤指机械或交通工具的零部件或元件:
component |[kəm'pəʊnənt]
Our software is becoming a standard component of many computer systems. 我们的软件正在成为许多计算机系统的标准组成部分。
chemical, genetic component 化学成分；基因成分 
course component 课程组成部分 
The plan has three main components. 该计划有三个主要组成部分。
a crucial component in our success 我们成功的一个重要因素
the component parts 组成部分
components of the machine 机器部件 
electrical, electronic component 电器部件；电子零件 
aircraft, engine component 飞机零件；发动机的零件 
component failure 零件故障 
component supplier 零部件供应商

n. 1 [C]（也可用quote）对劳务进行的报价:
2 [C] [金融]（货物或股票的）价格行情，市价:
n. [C] [金融] 股票的挂牌:
n. 1 [C]（也可用quote）从书籍、戏剧、讲话等文字作品中摘出的一段文字，即引语；引文；语录:
2 [U]（对别人文字或话语的）引用、引述、引证:
quotation |[kwəʊˈteɪʃn;美kwoʊ-]
You need to get a written quotation before they start work. 你得在他们开工之前拿到报价单。
Get several written quotations and check exactly what's included in the cost. 要几份书面报价，仔细查对费用中包含的内容。
detailed quotation 详细的报价 
Most builders will give you a free quotation. 大多数建筑商都免费提供报价。
Always get several quotations for the job. 一项工作总宜索要几份报价。
the latest quotations from the Stock Exchange 股票交易所的最新行情
an American-dominated investment manager with a quotation on the London stock market 在伦敦股票交易市场挂牌的由美国人主导的投资管理机构
The book began with a quotation from Goethe. 这本书一开头引用了歌德的隽语。
He illustrated his argument with quotations from Pasternak. 他引用帕斯捷尔纳克的话来证明自己的论点。
The second quotation is from an essay that D H Lawrence wrote in the nineteen-twenties. 第二段引文出自D. H. 劳伦斯20世纪20年代写的一篇文章。
a dictionary of quotations 引语词典 
a direct quotation from a recent speech by the president 直接引自总统近期讲话的一段话 
illustrative quotation 说明性引语 
selective quotation 选择性引语 
biblical, scriptural quotation 出自《圣经》的引语 
My quotation is taken from 'Hamlet'. 我引用的是《哈姆雷特》。
Where does that quotation come from? 此语引自何处? 
quotation marks引号 
If you take text from other sources, place it in quotation marks. 如果你的文字来自其他地方，将其置于引号内。
It's a quotation from a poem by Keats. 这句话出自济慈的一首诗。
The writer illustrates his point by quotation from a number of sources. 作者旁征博引以阐明自己的观点。

n. [U] faith (in sb/sth) 相信某人的知识、能力或善良；相信…能够履行诺言。即信任（感）:
n. [U] good faith 可表示（想要做某事的）诚意:
n. [C] 某种宗教（如基督教、佛教或伊斯兰教）。是一种引申用法:
n. [U, sing.] 强烈的宗教信仰。一般比belief程度重:
faith |[feɪθ]
Her faith in human nature had been badly shaken. 她对人性的信心已大大动摇了。
I have little faith in doctors these days. 我如今几乎不相信医生。
to have great faith in you 对你很有信心 
to have blind faith in his own ability 对他自己的能力盲目自信 
She did not put much faith on their chances of success. 她不太相信他们能获得成功。
to lose faith in the company 对该公司失去信心 
an act of faith 信任之举
They handed over the weapons as a gesture of good faith. 他们交出武器以示诚意。
He had entered into the contract in bad faith. 他签订合同时就居心不良。
Catholic, Jewish, Muslim, Christian faith 天主教；犹太教；伊斯兰教；基督教 
living faith 仍有人信奉的宗教 
faith school（英）宗教信仰流派 
people of different faiths 持不同宗教信仰的人
religious faith 宗教信仰 
her faith in Jesus 她对耶稣的信仰 
personal faith 个人信仰 
an article of faith（常为比喻用法）信条 
The team’s greatness was an article of faith for him. 他坚信这是一支伟大的队伍。

adj.（论点、结论）非基于全部事实（因而不正确）的，如站不住脚的:
~ sb (out of sth) 伤病使某人退出兵役:
adj. 1（法律上或官方）不承认的；无效的:
2 [计算机] 计算机不能识别的:
n. [C] 由于长期生病而需要别人照顾的人:
invalid |[ɪnˈvælɪd]
an invalid argument 站不住脚的论点 
We think that those arguments are rendered invalid by the hard facts on the ground. 我们认为那些论点当场即被确凿的事实驳倒了。
He was invalided out of the army in 1943. 他于1943年因伤病退伍。
The contract was declared invalid. 合同被宣布无效。
The trial was stopped and the results declared invalid. 审判被中止，判决结果被宣布无效。
We cannot accept liability if you are refused entry because of invalid documents. 如果你因证件无效被拒入内，我们不承担责任。
The treaty was declared invalid because it had not been ratified. 条约没有得到批准，因此被宣布无效。
People with invalid papers are deported to another country. 持无效证件的人被驱逐到别国。
This action would render the agreement invalid. 这一行动会导致协议无效。
An error code will be displayed if any invalid information has been entered. 输入了无效信息将显示错误代码。
invalid characters 无效字符
She had been a delicate child and her parents had treated her as an invalid. 她小时候很虚弱，父母就把她当个病人照料。
I hate being treated as an invalid. 我讨厌被人当作伤病号对待。
his invalid wife 他的体弱多病的妻子

vt. 大量进入一个地方，尤指造成损害或混乱地涌入:
vt. 以一种烦人的方式干扰、袭扰某事物:
vt.&vi. 用军事力量入侵一个国家、城镇等，即侵略、侵犯:
vt. 以一种烦人的方式侵犯别人的私生活:
invade |[ɪnˈveɪd]
Demonstrators invaded the government buildings. 大批示威者闯进了政府办公大楼。
As the final whistle blew, fans began invading the field. 比赛结束的哨声一响，球迷便开始冲入球场。
People invaded the streets in victory processions almost throughout the day. 几乎一整天,大街上都挤满了欢庆胜利的游行队伍。
Every so often the kitchen would be invaded by ants. 厨房常常会遭到大批蚂蚁的进犯。
The cancer cells may invade other parts of the body. 癌细胞可能扩散到身体的其他部位。
Do the press have the right to invade her privacy in this way? 新闻界有权以这种方式干扰她的私生活吗？
to invade territory 入侵领土 
When did the Romans invade Britain? 古罗马人是何时侵略英国的？
Troops invaded on August 9th that year. 军队是在那年的8月9日入侵的。
The Romans and the Normans came to Britain as invading armies. 罗马人以及诺曼人通过军事入侵来到英国。
In autumn 1944 the allies invaded the Italian mainland at Anzio and Salerno. 1944 年秋，盟军从安齐奥与萨勒诺攻入意大利本土。
Do the press have the right to invade her privacy in this way? 新闻界有权以这种方式干扰她的私生活吗？

as a separate entity or entities; not together:作为一个或多个单独的实体；不在一起
separately |ˈsɛp(ə)rətli| Adverb/:分别地,分别
they arrived together but left separately:他们一起到达但分开离开

~ (sth) (to do sth) 尽力，用尽全部精力或体力:
n. [C, usually sing.] 个人或群体的某个性格倾向、个性、禀性:
n. [U, C] 由于繁重事务或棘手问题所造成的精神压力:
n. 1 [U, C] 财务、资源、关系等方面的压力:
2 [U, C] 关系紧张:
vt. 使…过度而不堪承受:
n. [C] 动植物的某个特定种类、品种，或由细菌等引起的疾病的某个类型:
vt. 过滤（食物等）（使其固体和液体部分分离）:
n. [C, U] 物理意义上的压力、拉力、张力、应力:
n. [C] 动植物的某个特定种类、品种，或由细菌等引起的疾病的某个类型:
vi. 用力拉:
vt. 因过度劳累而对身体（或身体部位）造成损伤:
n. [C, U] 身体部位（如肌肉）由于过度使用或扭崴所造成的损伤，如劳损、扭伤、拉伤:
n. [C, usually pl.] [正式] 演奏或演唱的声音，如乐曲、曲调、旋律:
strain |[streɪn]
vt. ~ (sth) (for sth) 
I strained my ears to catch what they were saying. 我竖起耳朵去听他们在说些什么。
I strained forward to get a better view. 我使劲儿向前，想看得更清楚些。
Necks were strained for a glimpse of the stranger. 大家伸长了脖子想看一看这个陌生人。
People were straining to see what was going on. 人们翘首企足看发生了什么事。
He is straining hard to understand. 他正竭力想弄明白。
He burst to the surface, straining for air. 他冲出水面，使劲吸气。
Bend gently to the left without straining. 轻轻向左弯，不要用力。
He had a definite strain of snobbery in him. 他这个人明显有一股势利小人的气味。
emotional, mental, nervous, physical, psychological strain 情感压力；思想压力；精神压力；身体压力；心理压力 
the stresses and strains of public life 公众人物生活的紧张压力 
After weeks of overtime, she was starting to feel the strain. 加班几个星期后，她开始感到了不支。
He broke under the strain of having to work twelve hours a day. 他在一天工作12个小时的压力下崩溃了。
Relax, and let us take the strain (= do things for you). 你歇一下，我们来顶一会儿。
I found it a strain having to concentrate for so long. 我觉得这么长时间全神贯注挺累的。
It's a real strain having to get up so early! 这么早起真够受的！
financial strain 财务压力 
The transport service cannot cope with the strain of so many additional passengers. 运输部门无法应对临时增加这么多乘客所带来的交通压力。
Increasing demand is placing undue strain on services. 不断增长的需求正对服务造成过大的压力。
Their marriage is under great strain at the moment. 眼下他们的婚姻关系非常紧张。
Losing the business put a strain on their relationship. 生意丢了，他们的关系变得紧张起来。
The sudden influx of visitors is straining hotels in the town to the limit. 游客突然涌入，城里的旅馆全都爆满。
His constant complaints were straining our patience. 他没完没了的抱怨让我们忍无可忍。
The dispute has strained relations between the two countries. 这场争端使两国关系紧张起来。
mutant strain 突变菌株 
virulent strain 毒性菌株 
antibiotic-resistant, drug-resistant, resistant strain 耐抗生素菌株；耐药性菌株；抗药性菌株 
bacterial, viral strain 细菌菌株；病毒菌株 
flu, influenza strain 流感菌株 
H5N1 is a strain of avian influenza. H5N1是一种禽流感菌株。
a new strain of mosquitoes resistant to the poison 对这种毒药有抗药性的新品种蚊子 
This is only one of the many strains of the disease. 这种病有许多类型，这只是其中之一。
Use a colander to strain the vegetables. 把蔬菜放在漏筐里控控水。
Strain off any excess liquid. 滤掉多余的液体。
the cable's breaking strain (= it will break when it is stretched or pulled by a force greater than this) 缆索的断裂应变力 
The rope broke under the strain. 绳子给拉断了。
The ice gave way under the strain. 冰在压力的作用下坍塌了。
The ground here cannot take the strain of a large building. 这块地承受不住大型建筑的压力。
There's too much strain on the corner of the table. 
You should try not to place too much strain on muscles and joints. 你要尽量不让肌肉和关节太吃力。
mutant strain 突变菌株 
virulent strain 毒性菌株 
antibiotic-resistant, drug-resistant, resistant strain 耐抗生素菌株；耐药性菌株；抗药性菌株 
bacterial, viral strain 细菌菌株；病毒菌株 
flu, influenza strain 流感菌株 
H5N1 is a strain of avian influenza. H5N1是一种禽流感菌株。
a new strain of mosquitoes resistant to the poison 对这种毒药有抗药性的新品种蚊子 
This is only one of the many strains of the disease. 这种病有许多类型，这只是其中之一。
to strain at a rope 用力拉绳子 
The dogs were straining against the sledge. 那些狗在用力拉雪橇。
She strained against the ropes that held her. 她使劲挣了挣拴着她的绳子。        
to strain a muscle 拉伤肌肉 
back, muscle strain 背部劳损；肌肉拉伤 
a slight leg strain 腿部的轻微拉伤 
You'll get eye strain if you don't put the light on. 不开灯，你的眼睛会疲劳。           
She could hear the strains of Mozart through the window. 她能听见窗户里飘出的莫扎特的旋律。

adj. accessible (to sb) 易于理解的，易懂的。强调信息让人容易理解（其原因可以是信息本身表达得清楚，也可以是其它原因）:
adj. accessible (to sb)（人）易相处的，易打交道的，易接近的:
adj. accessible (to sb) 可被到达、进入、使用、看到等的:
accessible |[ək'sesəbl]
books that are accessible to a general audience 对于普通读者来说浅显易懂的书籍 
to make science more accessible to young people 使科学更容易为年轻人所了解
He is accessible. 他平易近人。
The remote desert area is accessible only by helicopter. 只有乘直升机才能进入那遥远的荒漠地区。
All the buildings are accessible for people in wheelchairs. 坐轮椅的人进入所有的大楼不成问题。
The beach should be accessible to everyone. 海滩应向所有人开放。
These documents are not accessible to the public. 公众无法看到这些文件。
to make the system accessible to more people 让该系统服务于更多人

n. [C]（工作中的）一个阶段:
vt.（动物）舔食，舔着喝:
vi. 指水轻柔地拍打水岸或船只:
n. [C, usually sing.]（人坐着时的）大腿上表面:
vt.（在速度比赛中）比…领先一圈或数圈:
n. [C]（跑道等的）一圈:
n. [C]（行程中的）一段旅程:
lap |[læp]
the first lap of the journey 行程的第一段 
to be on the last lap 在最后一程
to lap milk from a dish 从一个盘子里舔食牛奶
the sound of water lapping against the boat 水轻轻拍打船帮的声音 
The waves lapped around my feet. 波浪轻轻地拍打着我的双脚。
She waited quietly with her hands in her lap. 她双手放在大腿上静静地等候。
He lapped his first rider on lap 16. 他在第16圈时超过了前一个车手一圈。
to complete twenty laps 跑完二十圈 
to be overtaken on the final lap 在最后一圈被超过 
to do a lap of honour/honor 绕场一周庆祝胜利 
I skated a victory lap around the rink. 我绕着滑冰场滑了一圈，庆祝胜利。
He was swimming laps in the pool. 他正在泳池里一圈一圈地游。
the first lap of the journey 行程的第一段 
to be on the last lap 在最后一程

n. [C, U] [正式] 人们对某人所持有的观点，尤其是他们认为此人是否可信赖或可依靠，即人品；声望；名誉；名气。是一个基础用词:
n. [U] 褒义，指坚强的个人品质，如处理困难或危险情况的能力:
n. [C] [非正式] 与形容词连用，表示一个人，尤指一个令人讨厌的或古怪的人:
n. [C, usually sing.]（使不同的人或群体相互区别的）性格:
n. 1 [C, usually sing., U]（事物、事件或地方的）特点，特征，特色。与nature近义。是一个常规用词，含义最广泛，也最常用:
2 [U] 通常为褒义，指一个地方或人所拥有的有趣或不同寻常的品质，即与众不同之处，特色:
3 [C] [非正式] 一个不同寻常的人:
n. [C] [非正式] 一个有趣的人:
n. [C, usually sing.]（使不同的人或群体相互区别的）品质:
n. [C] 书籍、戏剧或电影中的一个人（或动物），即人物，角色:
n. [C]（计算机上的）字符，字母，符号，标记:
n. [C]（书写、印刷或计算机上的）字符，字母，符号，标记。是“字符”的基础用词:
character |['kærɪktə]
personal attacks on my character 对我的人品进行的人身攻击 
She was a victim of character assassination. 她是诽谤行为的受害者。
My teacher agreed to be a character witness for me in court. 我的老师同意出庭做我的品德见证人。
her strength of character 她坚强的性格 
He showed great character returning to the sport after his accident. 他在出了事故后仍能重返体坛表现出他坚强的性格。
There were some really strange characters hanging around the bar. 有些不三不四的人在酒吧周围游荡。
a negative side to his character 他性格中的消极一面 
strong character 坚强的性格 
weak character 软弱的性格 
It’s not in his character to tell lies. 撒谎不符合他的性格。
the delicate character of the light in the evening 夜间灯火所具有的那种柔和的特点 
Food in Italy has a distinct regional character. 意大利食品具有独特的地方风味。
the public character of material published on the Internet 互联网上发表的材料的公共性 
the rural character of the area 该地区的乡村特色。
Each house in the street has its own distinctive character. 街道上的每幢房屋都有自己的独特风格。
His face has character--I’ll say that for it. 说句公道话——他的脸长得很有特点。
buildings of considerable character 风格独特的建筑 
The restaurant is cheap and full of character. 这家餐馆价格不高而且很有特色。
Your handwriting has a character of its own. 你写的字别具一格。
He’s a nut, a real character. 他是个怪人，一个真正与众不同的人。
It’s that kind of courage and determination that makes him such a remarkable character. 正是那种勇气和决心使他成为这样卓越的人。
She’s a character! 她真是个有趣的人！ 
moral character 道德品质 
She revealed her true character when anyone disagree with her. 有谁不同意她的意见，她就暴露出真实面目。
main character 主角 
supporting character 配角 
fictional character 小说中的人物；虚构的人物 
comic, heroic, tragic character 喜剧角色；英雄角色；悲剧角色 
animated, cartoon character 动画人物；卡通人物 
the artist who developed the Superman character 塑造了超人角色的演员 
a string of characters 一组字符；一串字符 
character set, character string 字符组；字符串
Chinese characters 汉字 
a line 30 characters long 长达30个字符的一行 
number character 数字 
character set, character string 字符组；字符串

adj. 分布广的，普遍的，广泛的:
widespread |['waɪdspred]
to receive widespread support 得到广泛支持 
a geographically widespread species 一个地理上分布广泛的物种 
Illiteracy is widespread among the poor. 穷人中文盲很普遍。

change the position of:改变位置
change (the position, time, or order of something):change（某物的位置、时间或顺序）
rearrange |ˌriːəˈreɪn(d)ʒ| Verb/:改编,重新排列
she rearranged her skirt as she sat back in her chair:她坐在椅子上重新整理裙子
he had rearranged his schedule:他重新安排了他的日程安排

admit or cause (someone) to be admitted to hospital for treatment:承认或导致（某人）入院治疗
hospitalize |ˈhɒspɪtəlʌɪz| Verb/:住院,住院治疗
Casey was hospitalized for chest pains:Casey因胸痛住院

help or benefit:help或好处
use or take advantage of (an opportunity or available resource):
use or benefit:使用或受益
avail |əˈveɪl| Noun/Verb/:利用,使用
no amount of struggle availed Charles:查尔斯没有任何挣扎
you can avail discounts on food:你可以享受食物折扣
he begged her to reconsider, but to no avail:他恳求她重新考虑，但无济于事

adj. 常置于名词前，立即（发生）的，立刻的，相当于immediate:
n. 1 [usually sing.] 极短的一段时间，即瞬间，片刻，相当于moment:
2 [usually sing.] 某一时间点，即某一时刻:
adj. 只用于名词前，可以快速而轻易地做成的（通常通过添加热水来制成），即即食的，速溶的，方便的等:
instant |['ɪnstənt]
The show was an instant success. 演出一炮打响。
His book was an instant hit. 他的书立刻引起了轰动。
I’ll be back in an instant. 我马上就回来。
Just for an instant I thought he was going to refuse. 刹那间我以为他会拒绝。
At that (very) instant, the door opened. 就在那时，门开了。
I recognized her the instant I saw her. 我一眼就认出了她。
She woke up in the instant before the phone rang. 她刚刚醒来电话铃就响了。
instant coffee 速溶咖啡

adj. 1（国家、政府、制度等）民主的；民主制度的；民主政体的:
2（社会或组织机构的组织或管理原则）基于民主精神的、有民主作风的:
3 Democratic（缩写为Dem.或D）（用于政党名称中）民主的:
democratic |[ˌdeməˈkrætɪk]
a democratic country 民主国家 
a democratic system 民主制度 
democratic government 民主政府 
Bolivia returned to democratic rule in 1982, after a series of military governments. 在经历了数届军人政府后，玻利维亚于 1982 年恢复了民主政权。
the country's first democratic elections 该国的首次民主选举 
There have been major changes in the constitution, but the system remains democratic. 宪法有了重大变更，但实行的仍然是民主制度。
They have a fairly democratic form of government. 他们有一个比较民主的政府。
democratic reforms 民主改革 
Education is the basis of a democratic society. 教育是民主社会的基础。
He called for widespread changes to make the armed forces more democratic and less expensive. 他呼吁进行广泛的改革，使武装部队作风更加民主，开支更加俭省。
democratic participation 民主参与 
I think it was a reasonably democratic decision. 我认为这是一个相当民主的决定。
the Democratic senator from Oregon（美国）俄勒冈州的民主党参议员 
the Social Democratic Party 社会民主党 
the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan 阿富汗人民民主党

only just; almost not:
only a very short time before:只有很短的时间之前
in a simple and sparse way:以一种简单而稀疏的方式
openly; explicitly.:
barely |ˈbɛːli| Adverb/:,勉强
she nodded, barely able to speak:她点点头，几乎不能说话
they had barely sat down before forty policemen swarmed in:他们刚坐下，四十名警察就蜂拥而至
their barely furnished house:他们几乎没有家具的房子

vi. 如（动植物）灭绝:
vi.（莫名其妙地）突然消失:
vi. 不复存在，如（传统）消亡、（希望）破灭:
vanish |[ˈvænɪʃ]
Near the end of Devonian times, thirty percent of all animal life vanished. 在泥盆纪末期，30％的动物物种都灭绝了。
all the species of birds that had vanished from Iowa 艾奥瓦州所有消失了的鸟类物种 
This plant is vanishing from our countryside. 这种植物在我们的乡村逐渐消失。
the vanishing woodlands of Europe 濒于绝迹的欧洲林地  
The people who built this temple have long since vanished. 修建这座庙宇的人早已不在了。
turned around and she had simply vanished. 我转过身时她已经没了踪影。
The magician vanished in a puff of smoke. 魔术师在一股烟雾中突然不见了。
a man who mysteriously vanished from his home last month 上个月从家中神秘失踪的男子 
He vanished without trace. 他消失得无影无踪。
She vanished into the mist. 她消失在薄雾中。
He just vanished and was never seen again. 他就这么消失了，再也没人见到过他。
The aircraft vanished without trace. 飞机消失得无影无踪。
My glasses seem to have vanished. 我的眼镜似乎不翼而飞了。
vanish from the face of the earth, vanish from sight, vanish into thin air 从地球表面消失；从视野中消失；消失不见 
At a stroke she could make things vanish into thin air. 她用手碰到什么就能让它消失不见。
Her feelings of shyness rapidly vanished. 她的羞涩很快就消失了。
All thoughts of romance vanished from his mind. 他脑海中所有浪漫的想法都消失了。
Much of the land we loved has vanished forever. 我们所热爱的土地许多都已经永远地消失了。
The people who built this temple have long since vanished. 修建这座庙宇的人早已不在了。
All hopes of a peaceful settlement had now vanished. 和平解决的全部希望现已化为泡影。
Many of these old cinemas have now vanished altogether. 很多这样的老影院现今已经绝迹了。
a way of life that has now all but vanished 现在差不多已经绝迹的生活方式

a family member or paid helper who regularly looks after a child or a sick, elderly, or disabled person.:经常照看孩子或病人、老人或残疾人的家庭成员或有偿佣工。
caregiver |ˈkɛːɡɪvə| Noun/:看护人,照顾者
