entertainment					娱乐，款待
critical						批评性的，关键的，评论家的
transaction						交易，公报
via							经由，通过
insist						坚决要求，坚持认为
distract						使...分心，给...以消遣
subdivision						再分割，分区
yield							出产，让出，泄露，屈服
misunderstand					误解
detail						细节，详情，特遣队
immeasurable					极大的
convincing						有说服力的
donate						捐赠
compare						比较
item							一件物品，项目
concrete						混凝土，具体的
a concrete noun					具体名词
govern						统治，支配，决定
classify						将...分类
restrict						限制
establish						创立，证实
counseling						咨询，辅导
majority						大多数
contact						接触，联系，通讯，熟人
virtual						实质上的，虚的
simplicity						简单，朴素
enrollment						注册，注册人数
programming						编程，节目
device						装置，电子设备，手法
previous						先前的
alter							改变
\\\\\\\\

n. [U, C] 用于使人娱乐的电影、音乐等，即娱乐活动；还可指某项娱乐活动:
n. [U]（对某人的）招待；款待；娱乐:
entertainment |[entə'teɪnmənt]
live entertainment 现场直播的娱乐节目 
the half-time entertainment at football games 足球比赛的中场表演 
family, home entertainment 家庭娱乐活动 
Movies were the new mass entertainment. 电影是新的群众性娱乐方式。
interactive entertainment 互动娱乐活动 
musical, sports entertainment 音乐娱乐节目；体育娱乐节目 
entertainment company, entertainment industry, entertainment world 娱乐公司；娱乐业；娱乐圈 
entertainment programme/program 娱乐节目 
entertainment news 娱乐新闻
a budget for the entertainment of clients 用于招待客户的专项开支

adj. ~ (of sb/sth) 对某人或某事物表示批评的:
adj. ~ (of sb/sth) 对某人或某事物表示挑剔的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 根据（艺术、音乐、文学等）评论家的判断或评论的:
adj. 有公正（或审慎）的判断力的:
adj.（局势、病情等）严重的；不确定的且可能有危险的，如危急的:
adj.（对未来某一局势的影响）极为重要的、关键的:
critical |[ˈkrɪtɪkl]
critical comment, critical report 批判性的评论；批判性的报道 
Tom's parents were highly critical of the school. 汤姆的父母对学校提出了强烈的批评。
His report is highly critical of the trial judge. 他在报告中对主审法官有颇多批评。
a few dozen intellectuals who've been critical of the regime 几十名一直批判该政权的知识分子 
I think you're being overly critical. 我觉得你批评得太过了。
She became openly critical of party policy. 她开始公开批评党的政策。
The report was highly critical of the railway's poor safety record. 报告严厉批评了该铁路糟糕的安全记录。
The supervisor is always very critical. 主管总是很挑剔。
the film director's greatest critical success 那位电影导演从评论界获得的最大成功 
In her day she never received the critical acclaim (= praise from the critics) she deserved. 她一生从未受到过评论家应当给她的赞扬。
The film met with considerable critical and public acclaim. 该影片受到了影评人和公众的高度评价。
The show was also a resounding critical success. 这次演出同样好评如潮。
Students are encouraged to develop critical thinking instead of accepting opinions without questioning them. 要鼓励学生培养判断力，而非不加质疑地接受各种观点。
We need to become critical text-readers. 我们需要培养对文章的评判能力。
Marx's work was more than a critical study of capitalist production. 马克思的著作不仅仅是对资本主义生产的批判性研究。
a critical moment in our country's history 我国历史上的危急关头 
The German authorities are considering an airlift if the situation becomes critical. 如果局势变得危急，德国当局将考虑实施空运。
Its day-to-day finances are in a critical state. 其日常财务状况十分糟糕。
The first 24 hours after the operation are the most critical. 病人手术后头24小时是最危险的。
Ten of the injured are said to be in critical condition. 据说伤者中有10人情况危急。
One of the victims of the fire remains in a critical condition. 大火的一位受害者依然病情危急。
a critical factor in the election campaign 竞选活动的关键因素 
Reducing levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is of critical importance. 减少大气层中的二氧化碳含量极其重要。
Your decision is critical to our future. 你的决定对我们的将来至关重要。
The incident happened at a critical point in the campaign. 该事件发生在竞选活动的关键时期。
Environmentalists say a critical factor in the city's pollution is its population. 环境保护主义者说造成该城市污染问题的一个关键因素是其人口数量。
Maintaining control of the budget is absolutely critical for success. 控制住预算对于成功极为重要。
This reorganization is critical to the long-term future of the company. 这次重组对公司的长远发展至关重要。

n. [U] [正式] ~ of sth 处理、办理:
n. [C] ~ (between A and B) 两者之间的商业交易、买卖:
transaction |[trænˈzækʃn]
the transaction of government business 处理政府事务
cross-border, international transaction 跨境交易；国际交易 
private transaction 私人交易
fraudulent transaction（尤英）欺诈交易 
The president had entered into fraudulent property transactions. 总裁参与了欺诈性的房地产交易。
illegal, suspicious transaction 非法交易；可疑交易 
secure Internet transactions 安全的网上交易 
cash, credit transaction 现金交易；信用交易 
credit-card, debit-card transaction 信用卡交易；借记卡交易 
electronic, Internet, online transaction 电子交易；互联网交易；在线交易 
business-to-business, e-commerce, over-the-counter transaction 企业对企业的交易；电子商务交易；场外交易 
Electronic banking may make over-the-counter transactions obsolete. 电子银行服务也许会淘汰场外交易。
banking, business, commercial, consumer, economic, financial, market, monetary transaction 银行业务；生意上的业务；商业业务；消费业务；经济业务；金融业务；市场交易；货币交易 
financial transactions between companies 公司之间的财务往来 
currency, foreign-exchange transaction 货币交易；外汇交易 
foreign currency transactions 外币交易 
property（尤英）, real estate（尤美）transaction 房地产交易 
share（尤英）, stock（尤美）股票交易 
to handle a transaction for a client为客户处理一笔交易 
to ensure the transaction proceeds smoothly 确保交易顺利进行 
transaction charges（尤英）, transaction cost 交易费用；交易成本 
Using the Internet can significantly reduce transaction costs. 互联网的使用可以大大减少交易成本。
The system records all transactions between the company and its suppliers. 这一系统记录公司与供应商之间的所有交易。
transactions over the Internet 网上交易

prep. 凭借或通过某种手段（如通过一个人、系统等）:
prep. 经过一个地方:
prep. 凭借或通过某种手段（如通过一个人、系统等）:
via |['vaɪə,'vi:ə]
to contact the outside world via a telephone 通过一部电话与外界取得联系 
I knew him via John. 我是通过约翰认识的他。
I drove via A to B. 我开车经由甲地去了乙地。
to contact the outside world via a telephone 通过一部电话与外界取得联系 
I knew him via John. 我是通过约翰认识的他。

vt.＆vi. insist (on sth) 要求某事发生或要求某人同意某事，即坚持:
vt.＆vi. insist (on sth)（尤指当其他人不相信你的时候）坚定地说某事属实，即坚持说，坚称:
insist |[ɪn'sɪst]
He insists that she come. 他执意要她来。
He insists on speaking to you personally. 他坚持和您本人谈。
She loudly insisted that she had a right to stay. 她大声坚称自己有权留下。
He insisted on his innocence. 他坚持说他是无辜的。

vt. ~ sb/sth (from sth) 转移某人的注意力；使某人分心:
distract |[dɪˈstrækt]
You're distracting me from my work. 你使我不能专心工作。
Tom admits that playing video games sometimes distracts him from his homework. 汤姆承认玩电子游戏有时会使他无心做作业。
Don't let yourself be distracted by fashionable theories. 不要让自己被流行的理论分散了注意力。
Don't talk to her--she's very easily distracted. 不要同她讲话——她的注意力很容易分散。
It was another attempt to distract attention from the truth. 这又是企图分散人们对事实真相的注意力。
He's easily distracted from his work. 他工作时注意力很容易分散。
A noise outside momentarily distracted her. 外面的噪声一时分散了她的注意力。
an attempt to distract attention away from the real problems in the country 把注意力从国家的实际问题上转移开的企图           

the action of subdividing or being subdivided:细分或被细分的动作
a secondary or subordinate division:一个二级或从属部门
any taxonomic subcategory, especially (in botany) one that ranks below division and above class.:任何分类子类别，特别是（在植物学中）排名低于部门和高于类的一个。
an area of land divided into plots for sale.:一块土地，划分为待售地块。
an area of housing.:一个住房面积。
subdivision |ˈsʌbdɪˌvɪʒn| Noun/:细分,子
the subdivision of existing subjects:现有科目的细分
the Birkenhead police subdivision:伯肯黑德警察局

vi. ~ (to sth/sb) 屈服:
vt. 产生或提供某事物（如利润、结果或粮食）:
vi. ~ to sth 为…所取代，被…替代:
vi. 由于压力而移动、弯曲或折断:
vt. ~ sth/sb (up) (to sb) [正式] 把自己的东西交由别人控制:
vt. 产生或提供某事物（如粮食）:
n. [C, U] 庄稼等的产量:
vt. 产生或提供某事物（如利润）:
n. [C, U] 利润等的收益:
vi. ~ (to sb/sth) [美，爱尔兰]（行人或车辆）给…让路:
yield |[ji:ld]
After a long siege, the town was forced to yield. 经过长时间的包围，这座孤城被迫投降。
He reluctantly yielded to their demands. 他不情愿地屈从于他们的要求。
Will she yield to growing pressure for her to retire? 面对要求其隐退的压力越来越大，她会屈服吗？
I yielded to temptation and had a chocolate bar. 我经不住诱惑，吃了一大块巧克力。
I yielded to an impulse. 我没有忍住冲动。
Higher-rate deposit accounts yield good returns. 高利率的存款会产生丰厚的收益。
It yielded a profit of at least $36 million. 它带来了至少3,600万美元的收益。
This research has been in progress since 1961 and has yielded a great number of positive results. 这项研究自1961年起一直在开展，已取得了不少积极成果。
The research has yielded useful information. 这项研究提供了有用的资料。
His trip to Melbourne had yielded a lot of information. 他的墨尔本之行让他大开眼界。
trees that no longer yield fruit 不再结果实的树
Boston's traditional drab brick was slow to yield to the modern glass palaces of so many American urban areas. 波士顿传统而单调的砖石建筑并没有迅速被许多美国城市地区流行的现代玻璃大厦所取代。
Despite our attempts to break it, the lock would not yield. 这把锁我们砸也砸不开。
The door yielded easily when he pushed it. 他一推，门就开了。
He refused to yield up his gun. 他拒绝缴枪。
The President is now under pressure to yield power to the republics. 总统现在面临着让权给共和党人的压力。
He may yield control. 他可能会放弃控制权。
The universe is slowly yielding up its secrets.（比喻用法）宇宙慢慢地展现出它的秘密。
trees that no longer yield fruit 不再结果实的树 
a high crop yield 作物丰收 
grain yield 粮食产量 
This method of cultivation produces a higher yield. 这种耕作方法可提高产量。
Yields are very poor this year. 今年歉收。
a reduction in milk yield 牛奶产量的降低 
Higher-rate deposit accounts yield good returns. 高利率的存款会产生丰厚的收益。
It yielded a profit of at least $36 million. 它带来了至少3,600万美元的收益。
This will give a yield of 10% on your investment. 这会给你的投资带来10%的利润。
The high yields available on the dividend shares made them attractive to private investors. 红利股票的高收益率对私人投资者极具吸引力。
savings products which offer high yields 提供高收益的储蓄产品 
bond, dividend yield 债券收益；股息收益
Yield to oncoming traffic. 给迎面驶来的车辆让路。
a yield sign 让车标志 
examples of common signs like No Smoking or Yield “请勿吸烟”或“让行”之类的常见标志的例子 
When entering a trail or starting a descent, yield to other skiers. 进入滑雪道或开始下滑时，要给其他滑雪者让路。

vt.＆vi. 没能正确地理解某人或某事物，即误解，误会:
misunderstand |[͵mɪsʌndə'stænd]
I completely misunderstood her intentions. 我完全误会了她的意图。
My concern for their well-being was misunderstood as interference. 我关心他们的幸福，却被误解为多管闲事。
I thought he was her husband--I must have misunderstood. 我以为他是她丈夫——我一定是误会了。

vt. [美] 彻底清洗一辆汽车:
n. 1 [C]（事实或信息的）细节、细微之处、琐碎之处:
2 [U] 某事物的细节或详情:
3 [pl.] details 关于某事物的信息、消息、资料、具体情况:
Please supply the following details: name, age and sex. 请提供下列具体情况:
4 [C, U] 图片或图画的局部、细节、次要部分:
vt. 详细列举、详细说明:
vt. 官方或正式命令某人（尤指士兵）去执行某项任务，如派遣:
n. [C] 肩负特殊任务的一群士兵，如特遣队、小分队、支队:
detail |[ˈdi:teɪl;USalsodɪˈteɪl]
He got work for a while detailing cars. 他找到一份清洗汽车的临时工作。
Tell me the main points now; leave the details till later. 现在把要点告诉我，细节留到以后再说。
The details of the plan are still being worked out. 计划的细节仍在制订中。
No details of the discussions have been given. 没有透露讨论的细节。
Only minor details now remain to be settled. 现在仅剩一些细枝末节的问题需要解决。
It is important to get even the small details right. 即使微小的细节也得弄清楚，这很重要。
I don't need to know the precise details of your quarrel. 我不需要知道你们吵架的每一个细节。
She was telling me all the juicy details of her love life. 她在给我讲述她的种种风流韵事。
The report uncovers disturbing details of abuse. 这篇报道揭露了种种让人不安的虐待事件的细节。
The diary contains intimate details of their life together. 日记内记载有他们共同生活的私密细节。
I only know the barest details of his plans. 对于他计划的详情，我所知甚少。
He only managed to give the police a few sketchy details of the robbery. 他只能向警方提供抢劫的一些粗略细节。
It was a small but telling detail. 这个细节虽小但很能说明问题。
I haven't sorted out the practical details of getting there yet. 我还没有搞清楚究竟怎么去那里。
Everyone must approve the basic plan before the final details are drawn up. 基本方案必须得到所有人的同意才能着手筹划最后的细节。
Can you give me some concrete details of how you've been saving money? 你能告诉我你攒钱的具体方法吗？
factual, historical, technical detail 事实详情；历史详情；技术细节 
Do not give any technical details of the product at this stage. 在本阶段不要公布此产品的任何技术细节。
I don't want to go into any more detail than absolutely necessary. 除非绝对必要，我不想多说细节问题。
The committee refused to disclose details of the proposals. 委员会拒绝公开这些提案的细节。
He had shared intimate details of his life with a stranger. 他跟一个陌生人分享了自己生活的私密细节。
We haven't yet worked out the travel details. 我们尚未确定旅程中的一些细节问题。
We still need to negotiate the details of the contract. 我们还要就合同的细节进行磋商。
Natalie handled the details of her travel. 娜塔丽处理了她旅行中的细节问题。
Historians claim to have uncovered details of the writer's secret affair. 历史学家声称发现了这个作家隐秘恋情的细节。
'We had a terrible time-' 'Oh, spare me the details (= don't tell me any more).' “简直糟透了——”“细节就算了吧。” 
Tomorrow's papers will contain full details of the case. 明天的报纸会详细报道此案。
He absorbed every detail of the beautiful morning. 他全身心感受了这个美丽早晨的点点滴滴。
He had overlooked one crucial detail. 他忽略了一个至关重要的细节。
He leaves experts to sweat the details (= worry about them). 他让专家们去操心细节问题。
Spill the gory details about your worst relationship. 说出你最糟糕的那段感情不堪的细节。
They wrote to confirm the details of the meeting. 他们把一切写下来以证实会议的细节。
New details are emerging on the alleged terror plot. 所谓的恐怖阴谋又出现了新情况。
This detail suggests that the killer knew his victim. 这个细节表明凶手认识受害人。
They're still arguing over the details of the contract. 他们仍在对合同的细节争执不休。
She revealed the details of her plan. 她透露了她计划中的细节。
The details surrounding his death are not known. 他的死亡细节不详。
an expedition planned down to the last detail 一次计划极为周密的探险 
She remembered every last detail of what I'd told her the month before. 她记得我上个月告诉她的那些话的每一个细节。
This issue will be discussed in more detail in the next chapter. 这个问题将在下一章详细论述。
The research has been carried out with scrupulous attention to detail. 研究工作一丝不苟地完成了。
He had an eye for detail (= noticed and remembered small details). 他很善于发现并记住细节。
The fine detail of the plan has yet to be worked out. 这个方案的具体细节尚需制订。
We like his attention to detail and his enthusiasm. 我们喜欢他的细心和热情。
Now let us examine this idea in greater detail. 现在让我们更细致地考虑一下这个想法。
Every new animal or plant found was recorded in meticulous detail. 每一种新发现的动物或植物都会被十分详细地记录下来。
He described the event to his friends in excruciating detail. 他向朋友们描述了那件事，详细得简直让人受不了。
I can still remember the accident in graphic detail. 那次事故中那些赤裸裸的可怕细节我至今历历在目。
The rules are set out in detail in chapter seven. 这些规则在第七章有详细说明。
The speech was well delivered but lacking in detail. 演讲很不错，不过在细节上有所欠缺。
I haven't looked at the proposal in detail yet. 我尚未细看这项提案。
I won't go into detail about the threats she made. 我不再详述她威胁要怎么怎么样这些细节了。
The secret of their success lies in their attention to detail. 他们成功的秘诀在于注重细节。
He has an excellent eye for detail. 他很善于把握细节。
Her short stories are full of detail and humour. 她的短篇小说有很多细节刻画，而且机智风趣。
The report was criticized for its lack of detail. 这份报告因缺少细节而受到批评。
Further details and booking forms are available on request. 备有详细资料和订购单以供索取。
They didn't give any details about the game. 他们没有提供这场比赛的具体情况。
See the bottom of this page for details of how to apply for this exciting offer. 有关如何申请这一令人兴奋的工作的详情请参见本页底部。
Full details will be announced soon. 具体信息很快就会公布。
We'll give you full details of how to enter our competition later. 关于如何参赛，我们随后会向您提供详情。
The book covers the nitty-gritty details of starting a business. 这本书涵盖了有关创业的关键性细节信息。
Details of the pension plan are set out below. 下面列出养老金计划的细节。
I'll give you a call later and fill you in on the details. 我过会儿给你打电话告诉你详情。
The receipt shows details of the item purchased. 收据列出所购物品的详细清单。
You can find more details of the offer from your local travel agent. 进一步的报价详情可向当地的旅游代理机构查询。
Enter your details in the form below then click on ‘submit’. 在下面的表格里填上你的详细资料，然后点击“提交”。
The secretary took my details and said they would get back to me. 秘书记下了我的详细资料，说他们会再与我联系。
Make sure you check the details of the policy before you sign it. 签字之前一定要检查一下保单的详细条款。
The computer records the details of everyone entering the country. 电脑记录了每个入境者的详细资料。
Click here for more details posted by Ken. 要获得更多肯发布的内容，请点击此处。
For details contact Joanna Morland. 详情请联系乔安娜·莫兰。
For more detail on how to obtain a visa, see page 8. 有关如何获得签证的详细信息，请参阅第8页。
This is a detail from the 1844 Turner painting. 这是特纳1844年水彩画的一个细节部分。
a huge picture with a lot of detail in it 一幅有很多细微之处的巨型画
The brochure details all the hotels in the area and their facilities. 这本小册子详细介绍了当地所有旅馆及其设施。
The report detailed the human rights abuses committed during the war. 这份报告详述了战争期间所发生的践踏人权的情况。          
Several of the men were detailed to form a search party. 几名士兵被派组成一个搜索队。
He detailed a constable to take it to the Incident Room. 他派了一名警察把它送到重案调查室。

adj. [正式] 太大而无法估量的:
immeasurable |[ɪˈmeʒərəbl]
to cause immeasurable harm 造成不可估量的损害 
I felt an immeasurable love for him. 当时我无限深爱他。
His contribution is immeasurable. 他居功至伟。

adj. 令人信服的:
convincing |[kənˈvɪnsɪŋ]
convincing argument, convincing explanation, convincing case 有说服力的论点；有说服力的解释；有说服力的事例 
She sounded very convincing to me (= I believed what she said). 我觉得她的话很有说服力。
a convincing victory 令人折服的胜利 
Scientists say there is no convincing evidence that power lines have anything to do with cancer. 科学家们说，并没有确凿的证据表明输电线和癌症之间有什么联系。
I found his argument pretty convincing. 我认为他的论据相当有说服力。
Details make your story more convincing. 细节描写会让你的故事更可信。
He was far from convincing as a leader. 作为一个领导，他远不能令人信服。
She produced a convincing enough performance as the wronged wife. 她把那个被冤枉的妻子演得非常像。     

vt. ~ sth (to sb/sth)（尤指向慈善机构）捐赠，赠送（金钱、食物、衣物等）:
vt. ~ sth (to sb/sth) 捐献（血液、器官等）:
donate |[dəʊˈneɪt;美ˈdoʊneɪt]
He donated thousands of pounds to charity. 他向慈善事业捐款数千英镑。
He frequently donates large sums to charity. 他常常向慈善机构捐赠大笔钱款。
Others donated secondhand clothes. 其他人捐赠了一些旧衣服。
All donated blood is tested for HIV and other infections. 对所有捐献的血都要进行艾滋病病毒和其他传染病病毒检测。
people who are willing to donate their organs for use after death 愿意死后捐献器官的人们

compare A with/to B 将不同的人或事物进行对比或比较（以看其相似或相异程度）:
2 compare A to B 表明某人或某事物与其他人或事物相似，如比喻等:
vi. compare with/to sb/sth与其他人或事物相似（无论其他人或事物是好还是糟），即与…同样好或同样糟:
vt. compare A to B 相提并论:
n. [sing.] [文学] beyond/without compare 同类中无与伦比、举世无双:
compare |[kəm'peə]
vt. 1 compare A and B 
to compare their situation and ours 把他们的状况与我们的相比 
We compared the two reports carefully. 我们仔细地比较了这两份报告。
Standards in health care have improved enormously compared to 40 years ago. 与40年前相比，卫生保健的水平得到了极大提高。
This school compares with the best in the country. 这所学校可与全国最好的学校媲美。
This house doesn’t compare with our previous one. 这房子比不上我们以前的。
I’ve had some difficulties, but they were nothing compared to yours. 我遇到了一些困难，但与你的困难比起来就不算什么了。
Their prices compare favourably with those of their competitors. 他们的价格比竞争者的要优惠。
These mountains do not compare with the Himalayas. 这些山不能与喜马拉雅山相比。
Few things compare with the joy of walking on a bright spring morning. 没有什么比在阳光明媚的春日早晨散步更惬意的了。
The critics compared his work to that of Martin Amis. 评论家把他的作品和马丁·埃米斯的相提并论。
The golfer Tiger Woods is often compared to Jack Nicklaus. 人们常把高尔夫球手“老虎”伍兹与杰克·尼古拉斯相提并论。

n. [C] 一对有亲密关系或性关系的人:
n. [C] 清单上的事项（例如需要购买的东西、需要去做的事、需要谈论的话题等）:
n. [C] 报刊、杂志等媒体上的一则或一条新闻:
n. [C] 一件物品:
item |[ˈaɪtəm]
She and Gino were an item. 她和吉诺曾是一对。
agenda item 议程中的事项 
What's the next item on the agenda? 议程的下一项是什么？
The other item on the agenda is the tour. 日程中的另一项是旅游。
menu item 菜单项 
The menu includes the occasional off-beat item. 菜单中包括了偶尔会有的非传统菜肴。
data item 数据项 
a major item of expenditure 开销中的一大项 
Check the list carefully, item by item. 请逐项认真核对清单。
an item of news（= a news item）一条新闻 
There was an item in the paper about him. 报纸上有一条关于他的报道。
news item about drugs in the workplace 一则关于员工吸毒的新闻
Can I pay for each item separately? 我能否一件一件地分别付钱？The computer was my largest single item of expenditure. 电脑是我花钱最多的一件东西。
This clock is a collector's item (= because it is rare and valuable). 这座钟是件收藏品。
The most valuable item on show will be a Picasso drawing. 展览会上最贵重的展品是毕加索的一幅素描。
Several valuable items were stolen. 几件贵重物品被盗了。
Each individual item has a number. 每件物品都有一个编号。
I keep essential items in my hand luggage when I fly. 我坐飞机的时候必需品都带在手提行李箱里。
commodity item 商品 
Computers became a consumer item in the early 1990s. 计算机在20世纪90年代早期变成了一种消费品。
There is a higher tax on luxury items. 奢侈品要征收比较高的税。
food item 食物 
household items such as brushes and bedclothes 刷子和床褥等家庭用品 
Several items of clothing were found near the scene of the crime. 在犯罪现场附近发现了几件衣物。

adj.（物体）能够看到和感觉到的，即有形的；实物的:
adj. 由混凝土制成的:
n. [U]（由水泥、沙子、小石块和水混合而成的）混凝土（是一种建筑材料）:
vt. concrete sth (over) 用混凝土覆盖:
adj. 基于事实的（而非基于想象或猜测的）；明确具体的:
concrete |['kɒŋkri:t]
using concrete objects to teach addition and subtraction 用实物教加减法运算 
a concrete noun 具体名词（即具有物理形态的物体的名词，而非关于品质或思想的名词）
a concrete floor 混凝土地面 
concrete block, concrete slab 混凝土砌块；混凝土板 
concrete building, concrete floor, concrete wall 混凝土建筑；混凝土地面；混凝土墙 
I do not regard this plan as set in concrete.（比喻用法）我认为这个计划并非不可更改。
The garden had been concreted over. 花园里铺设了混凝土。
He merely cleared and concreted the floors. 他只是清理了地板并浇上了混凝土。
concrete evidence, concrete proposals, concrete proof 确凿的证据；具体的建议；确实的证明 
‘It’s only a suspicion,’ she said,‘nothing concrete.’ “那只是怀疑，”她说，“没有任何确实的依据。”
to think in concrete terms 结合具体的事物来思考

vt. 控制（或影响）某人、某事物、某事的发生或运行等，常用被动式:
vt. 依法统治或管理一个国家（或其人民）:
vt. 一个词对另外一个词或短语的控制，即影响后者的构成或使用:
govern |['ɡʌvn]['ɡʌvn]
Prices are governed by market demand. 价格的高低取决于市场的需求。
All his decisions have been entirely governed by self-interest. 他的所有决定都受利己之心的支配。
We need changes in the law governing school attendance. 我们需要对影响就学率的法规做些改动。
The country is governed by elected representatives of the people. 这个国家由民选代表统治。
The colony was governed directly from Paris. 这块殖民地直接受巴黎管辖。

vt. 1 在一些事物中，把具有某些共同特征的事物划分到一个组里去（以此来将所有这些事物分类或归类）。是一个基础用词:
2 classify sb/sth as sth 确定某人或某事物该属于哪个组别，如划定、界定:
classify |['klæsɪfaɪ]
The books in the library are classified according to subject. 图书馆的书按学科分类。
Patients are classified into three categories. 病人被归为三种类型。
Only five of these accidents were classified as major. 这些事故中只有五起被判定为重大事故。

vt. ~ sth (to sth) 限制，限定（规模、数量、范围等）:
vt. 束缚、妨碍（人的行动自由或做事自由）:
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 以法律或规则来约束:
vt. ~ yourself/sb (to sth/to doing sth) 约束自己:
restrict |[rɪˈstrɪkt]
There is talk of raising the admission requirements to restrict the number of students on campus. 有传闻称将通过提高录取条件来限制在校学生的数目。
We restrict the number of students per class to 10. 我们将每个班的学生人数限定为10人。
The French, I believe, restrict Japanese imports to a maximum of 3 per cent of their market. 我认为，法国将把从日本的最高进口量限制在其市场总量的3％。
Speed is restricted to 30 mph in towns. 在城里车速不得超过每小时30英里。
Fog severely restricted visibility. 浓雾严重影响了能见度。
The hospital may restrict bookings to people living locally. 这家医院可能会限定只有当地居民才能预约。
Camping is restricted to five designated campgrounds. 露营被限制在指定的五个野营地。
The long skirt restricted her movements. 长裙妨碍了她的行动。
Villagers say the fence would restrict public access to the hills. 村民们说架篱笆能限制公众进山。
The government imprisoned dissidents, forbade travel, and restricted the press. 政府囚禁了持不同政见者，禁止出游，并且限制了新闻自由。
Having small children tends to restrict your freedom. 有年幼的孩子往往会限制你的自由。
The patient isn't restricted to a meagre diet. 并没有限制这位病人少吃东西。
Access to the club is restricted to members only. 俱乐部仅对会员开放。
The government is considering new laws which will further restrict people's access to firearms. 政府正在考虑制订新法律，以进一步限制人们拥有枪支。
attempts to restrict the sale of alcohol 限制售酒的尝试 
I restrict myself to one cup of coffee a day. 我限制自己每天只喝一杯咖啡。
He needs to restrict his intake of red meat. 他需要限制红肉的摄入量。
He was, however, allowed to stay on at the temple as long as he restricted himself to his studies. 然而，只要他专心学习，他就可以继续留在寺庙里。
The authors largely restrict their attention to three issues. 这些作家将注意力主要集中在三件事上。

vt. 建立、创建（一个组织机构、一种制度等）:
vt. 与其他人、群体或国家建立关系（尤指正式关系）:
vt. ~ sb/sth/yourself (in sth) (as sth) 确立（地位、声誉）、站稳脚跟（使别人接受你并尊敬你）:
vt. 发现或证明一种情况的事实，如查实、证实、确定:
establish |[ɪˈstæblɪʃ]
The committee was established in 1912. 这个委员会创立于1912年。
The League was formally established in 1920. 该联盟正式成立于1920年。
He was appointed to the newly established Department of the Environment. 他被派到新成立的环境部门工作。
The School was established in 1989 by an Italian professor. 这所学院由一名意大利教授于1989年创建。
The new treaty establishes a free trade zone. 新条约设立了自由贸易区。
The Internet was originally established by scientists to share information. 最初科学家创立互联网是为了共享信息。
The UN has established detailed criteria for who should be allowed to vote. 联合国已经制定了有关投票资格的标准细则。
The school has established a successful relationship with the local community. 这所学校与当地社区建立了良好的关系。
We had already established contact with the museum. 我们已经和那家博物馆建立了联系。
The two countries agreed to establish full diplomatic relations. 两国同意确立全面的外加关系。
His position in the organization is now firmly established. 他在组织中的地位现已牢固确立了。
He has established himself as a pivotal figure in US politics. 他已经确立了自己在美国政界的核心地位。
The exhibition helped her establish herself as an artist. 这次展览有助于确立她作为画家的地位。
He has now established his reputation as a popular musician. 他现在已经成为广受欢迎的音乐家。
By then she was established as a star. 那时她作为明星的地位已经确立。
This is going to be the show where up-and-coming comedians will establish themselves. 这将是大有前途的喜剧演员们让自己获得认可的节目。
He has just set up his own business but it will take him a while to get established. 他刚建立起自己的公司，但要站稳脚跟还得花上一段时间。
We have now clearly established ourselves as the leader in the market. 我们现已明显确立了自己在市场中的领导地位。
It was this campaign that established the paper's reputation. 正是这场运动确立了这家报纸的声誉。
By the 7th century Buddhism was fully established in Japan. 到7世纪，佛教在日本的地位已经确立起来了。
The festival has become established as one of the town's annual events. 这个节日已被确立为该镇的年度盛事之一。
Traditions get established over time. 传统是随着时间的推移而得到认可的。
We have successfully established clear rules that most students accept. 我们成功制定了为大多数学生所接受的明确规定。
a previously established formula 先前确立的方案
The effectiveness of the new drug has not yet been scientifically established. 这种新药的有效性尚未得到科学证实。
Police are still trying to establish the cause of the accident. 警方仍在努力确定事故的原因。
to establish the identity of the dead man 确认死者的身份 
They have established that his injuries were caused by a fall. 他们已经证实他是摔伤的。
We need to establish where she was at the time of the shooting. 我们需要查实枪击发生时她在何处。
It has since been established that the horse was drugged. 此后便证实马被注射了麻醉药。
Medical tests established that she was not their own child. 医学化验证实她不是他们的亲骨肉。
It will be essential to establish how the money is being spent. 查清楚这笔钱将作何用途至关重要。


counseling | 辅导,心理咨询

n. [sing.] majority (of sb/sth)（一群人或事物中的）最大的一部分，即大多数，大部分。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
n. 1 [C] [英] majority (over sb)（一个政党在一场选举中）获胜的票数；（在一场讨论等活动中）一方获胜时比对手多出的票数:
2 [C] [美]（选举中的获胜者）比其余各方票数总和所多出的票数:
n. [U] 成年的法定年龄:
majority |[mə'dӡɒrɪtɪ][mə'dӡɒrɪtɪ]
the majority of people 大多数人 
in the vast majority of cases 在绝大多数情况下 
the silent majority 沉默的大多数 
moral majority 道德多数派 
majority language, majority religion 大语种；主流宗教 
majority opinion 多数人的观点 
majority decision 多数人的决定
She was elected with a majority of 749. 她以749票的多数票当选。
an overall majority 绝对多数票 
a huge majority 非常多的多数票赞 
160-seat majority 160席的优势 
to win two-thirds majority 赢得三分之二的多数票 

n. [U] 遇上要处理的事:
~ (between A and B)（人或机构）与某人（或其它机构）的联系、联络，尤指经常的联系或联络:
2 [U] 无线电联络或通信:
3 [C, usually pl.] 会见、交往、人际关系:
4 [C] 熟人，尤指能在工作上帮助你的人:
vt.（例如用电话或信件）联系、联络某人:
adj.（细节信息、电话号码等）供联系的、供联络的:
n. [U] 对某事物的接触、触摸:
n. [C] 电流的接触、接通、接触器:
n. [U] 遇见某人:
n. [C] 传染病患者的接触者（此人有可能被传染此病）:
n. [pl.] [非正式] contacts可指隐形眼镜，相当于contact lens:
contact |[ˈkɒntækt;美ˈkɑ:n-]
The college has brought me into contact with western ideas. 上大学使我接触了西方的思想。
Children should be brought into contact with poetry at an early age. 儿童应该在幼年接触诗歌。
I don't have much contact with my uncle. 我和叔父甚少联系。
Have you kept in contact with any of your friends from college (= do you still see them or speak or write to them)? She is still in close contact with Sarah. 她仍然同萨拉保持密切联系。
Have you had any direct contact with the director of the company? 你同公司董事有过直接的接触吗？
face-to-face, visual contact 面对面的接触 
She was deprived of all human contact for three weeks. 她曾被剥夺与所有人的联系达三个星期之久。
When I arrive in New York, I'll get in contact with him. 我到达纽约后会跟他联系。
I put my cousin in contact with a friend who works at the company. 我让表妹同一位在那家公司工作的朋友联系。
Maintaining contact after many years can be difficult. 许多年后还保持联系可能会很困难。
There has been no contact between them for several years. 他们有几年没联系了。
I have very little contact with Simon now. 我和西蒙现在很少联系。
She's lost contact with (= no longer sees or writes to) her son. 她和儿子失去了联系。
Though they all live nearby, I lost contact with them really quickly. 虽然他们都住在附近，但我很快与他们失去了联系。
Mother and son lost contact when Nicholas was in his early twenties. 尼古拉斯20岁出头的时候母子就失去了联系。
I finally made contact with (= succeeded in speaking to or meeting) her in Paris. 我最终在巴黎与她取得了联系。
Then, after she had become famous, he tried to make contact with her. 后来，她出名之后，他曾试图与她联系。
The organization put me in contact with other people in a similar position (= gave me their addresses or telephone numbers). 这家机构为我提供了其他和我情况相似的人的联系方法。
Opposition leaders are denying any contact with the government in Kabul. 反对派领袖否认与喀布尔政府有任何联系。
He forbade contacts between directors and executives outside his presence. 他禁止董事与管理层绕开他私下进行任何联系。
He was in direct contact with the kidnappers. 他与绑架者有直接联系。
We do keep in contact. 我们确实保持着联系。
There is little contact between the two organizations. 这两个机构相互之间没有什么联系。
We first established contact with the organization in 2020. 2020年，我们首次同该机构建立了联系。
email, radio, telephone contact 电子邮件联系；无线电联系；电话联系 
He failed to make radio contact. 他未能进行无线电联络。
a technical problem reported by the pilot moments before he lost contact with the control tower 飞行员与控制塔失去联络前不久报告的技术故障 
We have good contacts with the local community. 我们与当地社区关系甚好。
The company has maintained trade contacts with India. 这家公司和印度一直保持着贸易往来。
business, social, personal contacts 业务关系；社会关系；私人关系 
I've made some useful contacts in journalism. 我在新闻界结交了一些有用的人。
Their contact in the United States Embassy was called Phil. 他们在美国大使馆的熟人叫菲尔。
He has a lot of good contacts in the music industry. 他在音乐节人脉甚广。
It takes time to develop contacts. 建立关系需要时间。
I made a lot of useful business contacts at the conference. 在这次大会上我建立了不少有用的业务关系。
He used his contacts to get his son a publishing job. 他动用自己的关系给儿子找了一份出版社的工作。
I've been trying to contact you all day. 我整天一直在设法与你联系。
Contact the Tourist Information Bureau for further details. 详情请洽旅游信息处。
He can be contacted by phone on the telephone number given below. 用下面所给的电话号码就能与他联系上。
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions. 如果有任何问题，请随时和我联系。
When she first contacted me Frances was upset. 弗朗西丝第一次与我联系时很心烦意乱。
You must leave your full name and contact details when you phone. 打电话时须留下全名与联络信息。
Here's my contact number (= temporary telephone number) while I'm away. 这是我外出时的联系电话。
His fingers were briefly in contact with the ball. 他的手指稍稍地接触了一下球。
This substance should not come into contact with food. 这种物质切莫与食物接触。
They compared how these organisms behaved when left in contact with different materials. 他们比较了与不同材料接触时这些生物体的反应。
The cry occurs when air is brought into contact with the baby's larynx. 婴儿的喉咙接触到空气时，就会哭出来。
This pesticide kills insects on contact (= as soon as it touches them). 这种杀虫剂昆虫一触即死。
sexual contact 性接触 
The disease is transmitted through physical contact. 这种疾病通过身体接触传播。
eye contact 目光接触 
He never makes eye contact with me. 他从不与我直接对视。
Do not let the glue come into contact with water. 不要让这种胶水碰到水。
For a brief moment their lips were in contact. 他们的嘴唇有瞬间的接触。
The light will go out on contact with water. 一碰到水，这种灯就会熄灭。
There should be no contact between the separate samples. 分开的样本之间不应该有任何接触。
The switches close the contacts and complete the circuit. 这些开关可接通形成闭合电路。
In her job she often comes into contact with (= meets) lawyers. 她在工作中常与律师接触。
In his job, he comes into contact with many different people. 他在工作中接触到各种各样的人。
Doctors I came into contact with voiced their concern. 我接触到的医生都表示了他们的担心。

almost or nearly as described, but not completely or according to strict definition:几乎或几乎如所描述的那样，但不完全或根据严格的定义
not physically existing as such but made by software to appear to do so:不是实际存在的，而是由软件制作的，看起来是这样的
carried out, accessed, or stored by means of a computer, especially over a network:通过计算机，尤其是通过网络进行、访问或存储
relating to the points at which rays would meet if produced backwards.:关于如果向后产生光线会相遇的点。
relating to or denoting infinitesimal displacements of a point in a system.:
denoting particles or interactions with extremely short lifetimes and (owing to the uncertainty principle) indefinitely great energies, postulated as intermediates in some processes.:表示具有极短寿命和（由于不确定性原理）无限大能量的粒子或相互作用，在某些过程中被假定为中间体。
virtual |ˈvəːtʃʊəl| Adjective/:虚拟的,虚拟
the virtual absence of border controls:边境管制的虚拟缺席
virtual images:虚拟图像
a virtual library:一个虚拟图书馆

n. 1 [U] 容易理解或使用，即简单性、容易性:
2 [U] [褒] 简洁，没有不必要的部分或复杂的细节:
3 [C, usually pl.] 某事物的简单之处:
n. 1 [U] [褒] 简洁、自然、质朴、淳朴，没有不必要的部分或复杂的细节:
2 [C, usually pl.] 某事物的简单之处；自然质朴之处、淳朴之处:
simplicity |[sɪmˈplɪsəti]
the relative simplicity of the new PC 新型个人电脑的相对简易 
For the sake of simplicity, let's divide the discussion into two parts. 为了方便起见，我们把讨论分成两部分。
The apparent simplicity of his plot is deceptive. 他的故事情节貌似简单，其实不然。
Because of its simplicity, this test could be carried out easily by a family doctor. 这种检查非常简单，家庭医生就可以轻松完成。
Using a credit card to pay for an order is simplicity itself. 用信用卡支付订单再简单不过了。
Don't be fooled by the music's apparent simplicity. 这音乐看似简单，但不要被它的表象迷惑。
I find elegance in the simplicity of approach. 我发现简单方法有其雅致之处。
For simplicity, I shall continue to use the general word ‘river’. 为了简单起见，我将继续使用普遍认同的术语。
For the sake of simplicity, we will focus on the two most common cases. 为了简单起见，我们将重点讨论两种最常见的情况。
His solution to the problem was simplicity itself. 他解决问题的办法极为简单。
fussy details that ruin the simplicity of the design 破坏了这款设计简洁风格的过多的细节 
A pair of jewelled earrings will liven up this dress without detracting from its simplicity. 一对宝石耳环会让这件礼服更出彩而又不失简洁。
The kitchen is simplicity itself, relying on a combination of good design, craftsmanship and quality materials for its effect. 厨房非常简洁，这有赖于好的设计、工艺及可体现这种效果的上乘材料。
The stage design is striking in its stark simplicity. 舞台设计粗陋得惊人。
the simplicities of our old way of life 我们过去的生活方式的种种简朴之处
the simplicity of the architecture 建筑风格的质朴 
the simplicity of country living 乡村生活的淳朴 
His views of the world have a childlike simplicity. 她的世界观非常天真淳朴。
fussy details that ruin the simplicity of the design 破坏了这款设计简洁风格的过多的细节 
A pair of jewelled earrings will liven up this dress without detracting from its simplicity. 一对宝石耳环会让这件礼服更出彩而又不失简洁。
The kitchen is simplicity itself, relying on a combination of good design, craftsmanship and quality materials for its effect. 厨房非常简洁，这有赖于好的设计、工艺及可体现这种效果的上乘材料。
The stage design is striking in its stark simplicity. 舞台设计粗陋得惊人。
the simplicities of our old way of life 我们过去的生活方式的种种简朴之处


enrollment | 注册,登记,入学

the process or activity of writing computer programs:编写计算机程序的过程或活动
the process of scheduling something, especially radio or television programmes:安排某事的过程，尤其是广播或电视节目
radio or television programmes that are scheduled or broadcast:已安排或播出的广播或电视节目
programming |ˈprəʊɡramɪŋ| Noun/:编程,程序设计
the programming of shows:节目编排
the station is to expand its late-night programming:thestation将扩展其深夜节目

n. [C] 花招、诡计:
n. [C] 手段、方法:
n. [C] 手段、方法:
n. [C] 装置:
n. [C] 爆炸装置、爆炸性武器、炸弹:
device |[dɪˈvaɪs]
The report was a device used to hide rather than reveal problems. 这份报告不是揭露问题而是为掩盖问题而耍的花招。
Sending advertising by email is very successful as a marketing device. 作为一种营销手段，用电子邮件发送广告是非常成功的。
They claim that military spending is used as a device for managing the economy. 他们声称军费开支是用来作为调控经济的手段的。
the literary device of the metaphor 隐喻的文学手法
Sending advertising by email is very successful as a marketing device. 作为一种营销手段，用电子邮件发送广告是非常成功的。
They claim that military spending is used as a device for managing the economy. 他们声称军费开支是用来作为调控经济的手段的。
the literary device of the metaphor 隐喻的文学手法
automatic, electrical, electronic, mechanical device 自动装置；电动装置；电子装置；机械装置 
bugging, contraceptive, measuring, timing, warning device 窃听装置；避孕装置；测量装置；计时装置；警报装置 
water-saving device 节水装置 
All new cars are now fitted with these safety devices. 现在所有的新车都装有这类安全装置。
Now connect the device to your computer. 现在把这个装置连接到你的电脑上。
The device consists of a large wheel mounted on a metal post. 这个装置由一个安装在金属杆上的大轮子构成。
a tiny device designed to trace telephone calls 用来追踪电话来源的微型装置 
The device worked exactly as I'd hoped. 这个装置的运行正符合我的设想。
a useful device for checking electrical circuits 用来检查电路的实用装置 
a device that could measure minute quantities of matter 能够测量微量物质的设备
A powerful device exploded outside the station. 一枚威力巨大的炸弹在车站外爆炸了。
the world's first atomic device 世界第一枚原子弹 
explosive device 爆炸装置 
An incendiary device exploded in the store, setting fire to furniture. 一个燃烧装置在商店里爆炸，引燃了家具。

existing or occurring before in time or order:在时间或顺序之前存在或发生
overhasty in acting:演技过火
previous convictions; a criminal record:
previous |ˈpriːvɪəs| Adjective/Noun/:以前的,以前,前,上
she looked tired after her exertions of the previous evening:她昨天晚上劳累后看起来很累
I admit I may have been a bit previous:我承认我可能有点以前
he's got previous—theft and wounding:他以前有过——盗窃和伤害

vt.&vi.（使）某人或某事物等变得不同:
vt. 修改衣服，使其更合身:
alter |[ˈɔ:ltə(r)]
He had altered so much I scarcely recognized him. 他变得我几乎认不出来了。
He had not altered greatly in the last ten years. 过去十年中他变化不大。
Little had altered in the village. 村子里几乎没有什么变化。
The landscape has been radically altered, severely damaging wildlife. 地貌彻底改变，严重损害了野生动物。
They have never altered their programmes by a single day. 他们一天也未变更过他们的节目。
Prices did not alter significantly during 2004. 2004年期间，价格没有大的变化。
Nothing can alter the fact that we are to blame. 错在我们，这是无法改变的事实。
Unemployment has come down slightly but this does not alter the fact that it is still a major problem. 失业率下降了一点儿，但这不能改变失业问题仍是一大困扰的事实。
It doesn't alter the way I feel. 这并没有改变我的感受。
