coach						长途汽车，车厢，教练，辅导
crisis						危机
interconnect					相互连接
enrich						充实，使...富裕
poll						投票，获得，调查
consent					同意
utility					实用，实用的，公共事业
poisonous					有毒的，恶毒的
collision					碰撞，冲突
rank						地位，等级，排
fundamentally				基本的，根本的
inflation					通货膨胀，充气
secure						牢固的，安全的，保护，获得
interpret					解释，理解，做口译
criticize					批评，评论
arrest						逮捕，阻止，吸引
afford						支付得起，提供
implementation				实施，执行
initiate					开始，使...加入，传授
enable						使有机会，使能够，激活
narrow						狭窄的，有限的，微小的，变窄，缩小
overcharge					对...要价过高
shortcut					捷径，快捷键
leisure					空闲
original					最早的，原来的，有独创性的，原件
density					密度
sphere						球形，领域，阶层
the music of the spheres			天籁
margin						页边空白，边缘，幅度，极限
there is no margin for error		不能出任何差错
department					部门，科，系
desire						渴望
\\\\\\\\

n. [C] 体育运动的教练员:
vt. coach sb (in/for sth) 训练某人进行一项体育运动。不常用:
vt. 1 coach sb (in/for sth) 训练某人进行一项体育运动、把一项工作做得更好、或提高一项技能:
2 coach sb (in/for sth) [尤英] 对学生（尤其在考前）针对某科目进行辅导:
3 coach sb (in/on sth) 对某人在某种情况下该如何做（或如何说）进行专门指导:
n. 1 [C] [英]（给某人针对某科目进行上课的）私人教师，常帮助其备考，即私人备考辅导教师:
2 [C]（帮助人们改善其生活的）生活教练、生活指导师，相当于life coach:
n. [U] [美] 飞机的经济舱:
n. [C] [英] 大型、舒适的长途客运汽车，也可叫大巴:
n. [C] [英] 火车的车厢:
n. [C] 旧时载客用的封闭式四轮大马车，现在仍用于某些国家的仪式上（如英国）:
coach |[kəʊtʃ]
sports coach 体育教练 
professional coach 职业教练 
basketball coach 篮球教练
to coach a football team 执教一支足球队 
to coach a football team 执教一支足球队 
He coached me in history. 他辅导我历史。
to coach him on what to say 教他如何说话
piano coach 钢琴教师 
maths coach 数学备考辅导教师 
acting, voice coach 表演教练；声乐教练 
coach fares 经济舱票价 
coach seats 经济舱座位 
to fly coach 坐飞机的经济舱
express coach 直达长途公共汽车 
private coach 高级私人专车 
luxury coach 豪华长途大客车 
coach station 长途汽车站 
coach journey 乘坐长途公共汽车的旅程
railway coach 火车车厢
a coach pulled by four horses 一辆四匹马拉的四轮马车 
royal coach 御用马车 
coach road 马车道 
a coach and horses 一套车马

n. 1 [C, U] 危机；（必须解决问题或必须做出决定的）危急关头:
2 [C, U] 最糟糕的时刻:
crisis |[ˈkraɪsɪs]
the worst economic crisis for fifty years 
constitutional, ecological, economic, financial, fiscal, political crisis 宪法危机；生态危机；经济危机；金融危机；财政危机；政治危机 
humanitarian, nuclear, social crisis 人道主义危机；核危机；社会危机 
budget, cash, currency, debt, liquidity crisis 预算危机；现金危机；货币危机；债务危机；流动性危机 
energy, oil, health, hostage, immigration, refugee crisis 能源危机；石油危机；健康危机；人质危机；移民危机；难民危机 
family, personal crisis 家庭危机；个人危机 
identity crisis 身份认同危机 
He's having a mid-life crisis. 他正面临中年危机。
to ease the town's housing crisis 缓解该镇的住房危机 
the growing crisis in education 教育行业愈发严重的危机 
a crisis over pensions 养老金危机 
The company is suffering a severe crisis of confidence. 该公司正遭遇严重的信任危机。
The British coal industry is facing a serious crisis. 英国的煤炭行业正面临着严重危机。
As soon as the crisis was over, she relaxed. 危机一结束，她就放松下来了。
The business is still in crisis but it has survived the worst of the recession. 这家公司虽然仍处于危机之中，但已经挺过了经济衰退最严重的日子。
crisis point 危机关头 
crisis situation 危急局面 
crisis intervention, crisis management 危机干预；危机管理 
In times of crisis it's good to have someone you can rely on for advice. 在危机时刻，有个可以依靠的人提提建议真好。
Their marriage has reached crisis point. 他们的婚姻已到了危机的地步。
The fever has passed its crisis. 发烧已过危险期。

connect with each other:相互联系
a device used to connect two things together.:用于将两个东西连接在一起的设备。
interconnect |ˌɪntəkəˈnɛkt| Noun/Verb/:互连,相互连接
the way human activities interconnect with the environment:人类活动与环境相互联系的方式

improve or enhance the quality or value of:改进或提升产品的质量或价值
increase the nutritive value of (food) by adding vitamins or nutrients:通过添加维生素或营养素来增加（食物）的营养价值
increase the proportion of a particular isotope in (an element), especially that of the isotope U-235 in uranium so as to make it suitable for use in a nuclear reactor or weapon:增加特定同位素在（元素）中的比例，特别是铀中同位素U-235的比例，使其适用于核反应堆或武器
make (someone) wealthy or wealthier:使（某人）变得富有或更富有
enrich |ɪnˈrɪtʃ| Verb/:丰富
her exposure to museums enriched her life in France:她在博物馆的接触丰富了她在法国的生活
porridge oats enriched with extra oat bran:porridge燕麦富含额外的燕麦麸
they announced they would resume building the centrifuges that can enrich uranium to weapons-grade strength:他们宣布他们将继续建造能够将铀浓缩到武器级强度的离心机
top party members had enriched themselves:top党员发财致富

vt. [常用被动式] 对…进行民意调查:
n. [C]（也可用opinion poll）民意测验、民意调查:
n. 1 [C]（也可用复数形式的polls）选举中的投票过程、计票过程、投票地点；也可指政治选举:
2 [sing.] 选举中的投票数:
vt.&vi. 选举中获得票数:
poll |[pəʊl;美poʊl]
Over 50% of those polled were against the proposed military action. 民调中有超过50%的人反对拟议的军事行动。
More than 18,000 people were polled. 超过1.8万人接受了民意测验。
Audiences were going to be polled on which of three pieces of contemporary music they liked best. 将对观众进行民意调查，询问他们在3部当代音乐作品中最喜欢哪一部。
It was a disappointing result for the Greens who polled three percent. 这个结果让绿党感到失望，他们只获得了3%的选票。
The result showed he had polled enough votes to force a second ballot. 结果显示，他已获得了足够把对手拖入二次投票的票数。
to carry out a poll 进行民意测验 
opinion poll 民意测验 
political, popularity poll 政治民意测验；声望民意测验 
tracking poll（美）跟踪调查 
The latest tracking poll shows the Democrats leading by four percentage points. 最新跟踪调查显示，民主党领先四个百分点。
pre-election poll 大选前的民意测验 
exit poll（在投票站出口处进行的）投票后民意测验 
Exit polls suggest a big Labour majority, but the true picture will only be known after the count. 投票后民意调查表明，绝大多数人投了该党的票，不过真实情况要等计票后才能知晓。
informal, straw poll 非正式民意测验 
I took a straw poll among my colleagues to find out how many can use chopsticks. 我在同事中间作了一个调查，看多少人会用筷子。
magazine, online, telephone poll 杂志调查；在线调查；电话调查 
The party is leading in the polls. 该党在民意测验中领先。
I don't read opinion polls. 我不看民意调查。
Have you seen the latest poll? 你看到最新的民意调查了吗？
The poll asked voters what was the most important moral issue that affect their vote. 该调查询问选民什么是影响他们投票的最重要的道德问题。
poll numbers, poll rating, poll results 民意调查数字；民意调查评分；民意调查结果 
The president's poll numbers are sinking fast in the West. 在西方，总统的民调数字正在快速下降。
poll data on consumer attitudes 消费观念的民意调查数据 
the results generated by the poll question 由民意调查的问题得出的结论 
poll watcher（美）民意调查观察员 
Only 22% of poll respondents say they have a positive opinion of him. 只有22%的民意调查受访者说他们看好他。
success in the polls 民意调查中获得的成功 
With a week to go until polling day, the Conservatives are still behind in the polls. 距投票日还有一星期，该党在民意调查中仍然落后 
Clearer policies might have widened our lead in the polls. 更清晰的政策可能会扩大我们在民意调查中的领先优势。
A recent poll suggests some surprising changes in public opinion. 最近的调查反映民意有了出人意表的变化。
Polls show that the European treaty has gained support in Denmark. 民意测验显示该欧盟条约已在丹麦获得支持。
We are doing a weekly poll on the president, and clearly his popularity has declined. 我们每周就总统进行一次民意调查，很显然他的支持率下降了。
The final result of the poll will be known tomorrow. 投票结果将于明天公布。
Thursday is traditionally the day when Britain goes to the polls (= when elections are held). 英国传统的投票选举日是星期四。
Polls close (= voting ends) at 9 p.m. 投票于晚上9点结束。
In 1945, Winston Churchill was defeated at the polls. 温斯顿·丘吉尔在1945年的大选中被击败。
Voters are due to go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president. 选民应于星期日前往投票站选举新总统。
Counting will begin as soon as the polls close. 选举投票一结束就将开始计票。
She was defeated at the polls. 她在选举投票中落败了。
Labour is ahead in the poll. 工党的得票数领先。
They gained 20% of the poll. 他们得到了20%的选票。
They polled 39% of the vote in the last election. 在上届选举中，他们获得了39%的选票。
The Republicans have polled well (= received many votes) in recent elections. 共和党在最近的选举中得票数都很漂亮。

vi. [相对正式] ~ (to sth) 同意、准许:
n. [U] ~ (to sth) 同意，尤指当权者给与的同意、准许:
n. [C] 正式的批准文件，批文:
consent |[kənˈsent]
When she told them what she intended they readily consented. 她告诉他们她的打算时，他们欣然同意。
He reluctantly consented to his daughter's marriage. 他勉强同意了女儿的婚事。
She finally consented to answer our questions. 她最终同意回答我们的问题。
He finally consented to go. 他最终同意去了。
He asked Ginny if she would consent to a small celebration after the christening. 他问金尼是否同意在洗礼之后小小地庆祝一下。
He has kindly consented to give us some of his valuable time. 他真好，答应抽出一些宝贵的时间给我们。
Children under 16 cannot give consent to medical treatment. 16岁以下的儿童不得自行同意接受治疗。
The written consent of a parent is required. 要求有家长的书面同意。
to refuse/withhold your consent 拒不同意 
He is charged with taking a car without the owner's consent. 他因未征得车主的同意自行开走车而受到指控。
She was chosen as leader by common consent (= everyone agreed to the choice). 大家一致同意选她为领导人。
By mutual consent they didn't go out (= they both agreed not to). 按照双方同意，他们没有约会。
At approximately 11:30 p.m., Pollard finally gave his consent to the search. 大概晚上11点半的时候，波拉德最终同意进行搜查。
Can my child be medically examined without my consent? 能不经我的同意就对我的孩子进行体检吗？
By common consent their talk avoided the reason for their being there at all. 双方达成共识，他们的谈话对他们去那儿的原因完全避而不谈。
He left the company by mutual consent last September. 去年9月，经双方同意，他离开了公司。
Completion of the survey was taken as implied consent to participate. 完成调查表被视为同意参加调查。
Your silence implies tacit consent to these proposals. 你的沉默意味着你默许这些提议。
Doctors must obtain the informed consent of all patients before giving any treatment. 在进行任何治疗前，医生必须得到病人的之情同意。
No action can be taken without the prior consent of the owner. 没有物主的事先同意，不得采取任何行动。
formal, written consent 正式同意；书面同意 
oral（美）, verbal consent 口头同意 
presumed consent（美）推定同意 
spousal consent（美）配偶的同意 
consent document, consent form 同意文件；同意书 
The article is reprinted by consent of the author. 该文章是经作者同意才重印的。

n. [U] [正式] 实用；有用:
adj. 多用途的；多功能的:
n. [C] [计算机] 实用程序:
n. [U] [正式] 实用；有用:
adj. 多用途的；多功能的:
n. [C] [尤美] 向公众提供服务的行业（如供电、供水、供气等行业）:
utility |[ju:ˈtɪləti]
Belief in the utility of higher education is shared by students nationwide. 全国的学生都相信高等教育是有用的。
He inwardly questioned the utility of his work. 他内心质疑自己的工作是否有用。
potential utility 潜在用途 
practical utility 实际用途 
clinical, military, social utility 临床应用；军事用途∶社会用途 
He argued that the arts have great social utility. 他认为艺术有很大的社会功用。
A number of researchers have demonstrated the utility of this approach. 许多研究人员演示了这种方法的用途。
This computer is of low utility for the home user. 这台计算机对家庭用户用处不大。
an all-round utility player (= one who can play equally well in several different positions in a sport) 全面型选手
Belief in the utility of higher education is shared by students nationwide. 全国的学生都相信高等教育是有用的。
He inwardly questioned the utility of his work. 他内心质疑自己的工作是否有用。
potential utility 潜在用途 
practical utility 实际用途 
clinical, military, social utility 临床应用；军事用途∶社会用途 
He argued that the arts have great social utility. 他认为艺术有很大的社会功用。
A number of researchers have demonstrated the utility of this approach. 许多研究人员演示了这种方法的用途。
This computer is of low utility for the home user. 这台计算机对家庭用户用处不大。
an all-round utility player (= one who can play equally well in several different positions in a sport) 全面型选手
municipal, public, state-owned utility 市政公用事业；公用事业；国有公用事业 
public utilities such as gas, electricity and phones 煤气、电和电话等公用事业 
the administration of public utilities 公共事业的管理 
investor-owned（美）, privatized utility 归投资者所有的公用事业；私营公用事业 
regulated utility 受到管制的公用事业 
large, major utility 大型公用设施；重大公共事业 
local utility 地方公共事业 
electric（美）, electrical, power, water 电力事业；供水服务 
a privatized power utility 私营电力服务 
utility company 公用事业公司 
utility bill（水、电、气等）公用事业费账单 
utility commission（美）公用事业委员会 
regulatory agencies such as public utility commissions 像公用事业委员会这样的管理机构

adj. 极其讨厌的，或极其不友好的:
adj.（动物和昆虫）能分泌毒素的，能用毒咬伤人的，相当于venomous:
adj. 如果被吞下或被人体吸收，能够造成死亡或疾病的，即有毒的，相当于toxic:
poisonous |['pɒɪzənəs]
poisonous comments 恶毒的评论 
poisonous suspicions 恶毒的猜疑 
the poisonous atmosphere in the office 办公室里的恶劣气氛
poisonous snakes 毒蛇
poisonous chemicals 有毒化学物质 
This gas is highly poisonous. 这种气体有剧毒。
The leaves of these trees are poisonous to cattle. 这种树叶会让牛中毒。

collision (between/of A and B) 两个交通工具或两个人之间发生的碰撞事故:
n. [C, U] [正式] 两个人、对立意见、对立观点等之间的强烈冲突；两个极端不同事物的会面或相遇，可称为碰撞:
collision |[kə'lɪӡn]
a collision between two trains 两列火车相撞事故 
a head-on collision（车辆的）迎头相撞 
a mid-air collision（两架飞机的）空中相撞 
I had a collision with a bus. 我撞上了一辆公交车。
An iceberg was on a collision course with the ship. 冰山正朝着可能撞上船的方向漂移。
He was injured in a collision with another player. 他在与另一名选手的相撞中受了伤。
a collision between two opposing points of view 两种对立观点的冲突 
the collision of two different traditions 两种不同传统的碰撞

n. [C] the ranks 为复数名词，指某一团体或组织的成员:
adj. 气味非常难闻的:
n. [C] 一行或一排人或事物:
vt. 将人或事物排成行列，常用被动式:
adj.（植物等）疯长的，繁茂的:
n. 1 [C] the ranks 为复数名词，指某一组织中的普通成员，尤指普通士兵而非军官。此时词义与soldier相似，但是the ranks算是一种形象化用法，远没有soldier通用:
2 [C] 站成行列的士兵:
n. [C, U] 军队的级别，即军衔。是此义的常规用词:
n. 1 [C, U] 警察等组织中某人所具有的级别，即警衔:
2 [C] 站成行列的警察:
n. [C] 在英式英语里可指计程车停车处:
n. 1 [C] 单数名词，指品质、质量的级别、等级，尤指高品质的级别:
2 [U, C] 职位，尤指某人在一个组织、社会等中所处的一个高级别:
vt.＆vi. rank (sb) (as sth) 根据品质、重要性、成功程度等而将…分成等级，或属于某个等级:
adj. 用于强调某一品质、状况等，即完全的，绝对的，彻头彻尾的，只作前置定语:
rank |[ræŋk]
We have a number of international players in our ranks. 我们的队员中有好几个国际选手。
There were serious divisions within the party’s own ranks. 这个党内部存在着严重对立的派别。
the growing ranks of middle-class consumers 越来越多的中产阶级消费者 
amateur, professional（均为体育用语）ranks 业余队；专业队 
to fill the ranks of the medical profession 加入医疗行业 
the ranks of the unemployed 失业大军的行列 
A CIA operative had infiltrated their ranks. 一名中央情报局的特工打入了他们的队伍。
Death and disease were thinning their ranks. 死亡与疾病正在导致他们减员。
There are few women in the highest ranks of the organization. 该组织内担任要职的女性很少。
the rank and file（团体、组织等的）普通成员
The house was full of the rank smell of urine. 这屋子里到处有一股尿的臊味。
The trees grew in serried ranks. 树木一排靠一排地生长。
front, rear rank 前排；后排 
He was standing in the second rank. 他当时站在第二排。
to rank sth in order of sth 以某种顺序排列 
to be ranked in order of size 按大小排列
rank weeds 疯长的野草
to serve in the ranks 在部队服役 
He rose from the ranks to become a warrant officer. 他从普通士兵升至准尉。
He came up through the ranks to became a general. 他行伍出身，最终成为一名将军。
ranks of marching infantry 列队行进的士兵 
The president moved slowly along the ranks of the men. 总统沿着士兵队列缓慢前行。
The soldiers marched in three ranks of ten. 士兵分三排行进，每排十人。
officers of senior rank 有高级军衔的军官 
He was assigned the rank of Commander. 他被授予海军中校军衔。
The police broke ranks and started hitting people with their batons. 警察散开队形并开始用警棍打人。
a taxi rank 计程车停车处
a painter of the first rank 一流的画家 
Britain is no longer in the front rank of world powers. 英国再也不是位于前列的世界强国。
the lowest ranks of the army 陆军的最低等级 
social rank 社会等级 
a politician of Cabinet rank 内阁级别的政治家 
He rose through the ranks to become managing director. 他级级攀升，当上了常务董事。
The tasks have been ranked in order of difficulty. 按照困难程度对工作进行了分级。
The children were ranked according to academic ability. 孩子们是根据学习能力分级的。
These subjects ranked low for most students. 多数学生不重视这几门课。
She ranks above any other musician of her generation. 在她那一代，她是最好的音乐家。
Their performance ranks as the best of the year. 他们的表演堪称年度最佳。
This ranks with the great paintings of the 19th century. 这幅画是19世纪伟大的绘画作品之一。
The company ranks second among food manufacturers. 该公司在食品制造商中名列第二。
a top-ranked team 一流的团队 
It certainly doesn’t rank as his greatest win. 这肯定算不上他最大的胜利。
an example of rank stupidity 极端愚蠢的例子 
The winning horse was a rank outsider. 获胜的这匹马，本来谁也没指望它能获胜。

in central or primary respects:在中心或主要方面
used to make an emphatic statement about the basic truth of something:用于对某事的基本事实做出强调的陈述
fundamentally |ˌfʌndəˈmɛntəli| Adverb/:从根本上说,基本上
two fundamentally different concepts of democracy:两种根本不同的民主概念
fundamentally, this is a matter for doctors:从根本上说，这是医生的事

n. [U] 充气:
n. [U] 通货膨胀；通胀率:
inflation |[ɪnˈfleɪʃn]
life jackets with an automatic inflation device 有自动充气装置的救生衣
the fight against rising inflation 对抗不断升高的通货膨胀 
to curb inflation 抑制通货膨胀 
to reduce inflation 减少通货膨胀 
a high rate of inflation 高通胀率 
rising unemployment and high inflation 不断增长的失业人数与高通货膨胀 
an inflation rate of 3% 通胀率3% Wage increases must be in line with inflation. 工资的增长必须与通货膨胀率一致。
Inflation is currently running at 3%. 当前的通货膨胀率为3%。
double-digit 两位数的通货膨胀率 
consumer-price, price, wage（尤英）inflation 消费物价上涨；物价上涨；工资上涨 
domestic inflation 国内通货膨胀 
grade inflation（学生考试）分数贬值 
Wages are not keeping pace with inflation. 工资的上涨赶不上通货膨胀的速度。
Inflation is down to its lowest level in three years. 通货膨胀率降到了三年来的最低水平。
Inflation reached a monthly rate of 5%. 月通货膨胀率达到了5%。
Inflation is running at 4%. 目前通货膨胀率达到4%。
Inflation has slowed to 7%. 通货膨胀率已放慢至7%。
savings eroded by inflation 受通货膨胀影响而贬值的储蓄 
inflation rate 通货膨胀率 
inflation expectations 通货膨胀预期 
an increase in inflation to 3.5% 通货膨胀率增至3.5%

adj. 1 secure (against/from sth)不能被…影响或伤害的，即安全的，稳妥的。强调因预先做好了防御措施而在将来的时间内即使遇到攻击也会平安无事，因而让人放心的:
2（建筑物、房间或门等因有人把守或本身建造得比较牢固而）使人难以进入或离开的。反义词为insecure:
vt. secure sth (against sth) 保护某事物，（常指某地）使其安全或很难被攻击或破坏。强调预先做好防御措施以使其难以被攻击或破坏，从而给人带来一种安全感:
adj. 很可能持续（或成功）很长时间的，即可靠的，稳固的。同义词为safe，反义词为insecure:
adj. 对于自己或对于某种情况放心的，有把握的，有信心的，踏实满足的。反义词为insecure:
secure sb sth 为正式用法，指实现…，尤指经过很多努力而实现…:
adj. 不太可能移动、倒掉等的，即牢固的，稳固的，坚固的。同义词为stable，反义词为insecure:
vt. secure sth (to sth) 牢固地系住、拴住（可以是拴在其他物体上）:
secure sb sth 为正式用法，指获得或实现…，尤指经过很多努力而获得或实现…:
vt. 借贷中可指抵押:
secure |[sɪ'kjʊə]
Information must be stored so that it is secure from accidental deletion. 必须把资料保存起来，这样才不至于无意中删除。
economically, financially secure 经济安全；金融安全 
Check that all windows and doors have been made as secure as possible. 看看是不是所有的门窗都关紧了。
The house has been made secure against intruders. 这房子采取了防止入室盗窃的安全措施。
a secure unit for child offenders 少年犯拘留病房
to secure a property against intruders 保护房产以免外人闯入 
The windows were secured with locks and bars. 窗户已经插上栓，上了锁，都关好了。
a savings plan that will secure your child’s future（比喻用法）确保你孩子的前途的储蓄计划
secure job, secure income 稳定的工作；稳定的收入 
It’s not a very secure way to make a living. 以此谋生终非长久之计。
The future of the company looks secure. 看来公司未来不会有问题。
to feel secure about the future 觉得不必为将来而担忧 
She finished the match, secure in the knowledge that she was through to the next round. 她打完比赛，知道自己已进入下一轮，心里踏实了。
She felt safe and secure in his arms. 她在他的臂弯里感觉很踏实。
vt. secure sth (for sb/sth) 
to secure a contract, to secure a deal 订立合同；达成协议
The aerial doesn’t look very secure to me. 我看这天线不太牢固。
It was difficult to maintain a secure foothold on the ice. 在冰上不容易站稳脚。
Our relationship was now on a more secure footing.（比喻用法）现在，我们的关系有一个更为稳固的基础了。
She secured the rope firmly to the back of the car. 她把绳子牢牢地拴在车后面。
She secured the boat with a rope. 她用绳子把小船拴住了。
The crates had not been firmly secured to the truck. 板条箱没有在卡车上固定牢靠。
vt. secure sth (for sb/sth) 
to secure a contract, to secure a deal 订立合同；达成协议 
Victory was not going to be easily secured. 要取得胜利并不容易。
The police safely secured the release of the youngster. 警方使这个年轻人安然获释。
He secured a place for himself at law school. 他在法学院取得了学籍。
She secured 500 votes. 她获得500票。
to secure his place in Japanese history 确立他在日本历史上的地位 
The team managed to secure a place in the finals. 球队拼得了决赛的一席之地。
This could improve your chances of securing employment. 这样也许会增加你的就业机会。
to secure public support 得到公众的支持 
After much bargaining, he finally secured the services of a teacher. 一番讨价还价之后，他终于争取到了一位教师来任教。
a loan secured on the house 以房子作抵押的贷款

vt. 按自己的感觉演奏音乐或表现角色等，如演绎:
vt. 解释…的含义、诠释:
vt. ~ sth (as sth) 把…理解为…，即以某种方式来理解:
vt. 按自己的感觉演奏音乐，如演绎:
vi. ~ (for sb) 听到一种语言的时候，用另一种语言翻译出来，即口译:
interpret |[ɪnˈtɜ:prɪt;美-ˈtɜ:rp-]
He interpreted the role with a lot of humour. 他把这个角色演得十分幽默。
The students were asked to interpret the poem. 学生们被要求诠释那首诗的意义。
These figures cannot be easily interpreted. 这些数字解释起来并不容易。
These results must be interpreted cautiously. 这些结果必须谨慎地加以诠释。
We all seek to interpret what we hear and what we read. 对所听到的和读到的东西我们都会试图做出解释。
I didn't know whether to interpret her silence as acceptance or refusal. 我不知该把她的沉默看作是接受还是拒绝。
Her message was interpreted as a warning to the general. 她的话被理解为对将军的警告。
Her resignation has been widely interpreted as an admission of her guilt. 她的辞职已被广泛地理解为她承认罪责。
The title could be interpreted to mean 'human intelligence'. 题目的意思可以理解为“人的智慧”。
The data can be interpreted in many different ways. 这份资料可以从多方面解读。
Different people might interpret events differently. 不同的人可能对事件有不同的理解。
The figure of the Ancient Mariner has been variously interpreted (= interpreted in various different ways). 对于《古舟子咏》中描绘的这一形象，一直有着各种各样的理解。
The judge quite rightly says that he has to interpret the law as it's been passed. 法官说他必须按照该法的立法初衷来阐释它，这完全没错。
The term ‘business’ is here interpreted broadly to include all types of organization in the public and private sectors. business一词在此泛指公营和私营的各类组织。
The strictness of the rules, even when liberally interpreted, has the effect of restricting innovation. 这些规则如此严苛，即使从宽泛的角度加以理解，也会抑制创新。
to narrowly interpret, to strictly interpret 狭义地解释；严格地解释 
to literally interpret 按字面意思解释 
judges who will faithfully interpret the Constitution 将会忠实解释宪法的法官
She couldn't speak much English so her children had to interpret for her. 她讲不了几句英语，所以她的孩子们得给她翻译。
Interpreters found they could not interpret half of what he said. 口译员们发现他说的话他们连一半都翻译不出来。

vt.&vi. ~ sb/sth (for sth) 批评、批判、指责、挑剔:
vt. [英] 评判某事物的质量之好坏:
criticize |[ˈkrɪtɪsaɪz]
The decision was criticized by environmental groups. 这个决定受到了环保团体的批评。
The government has been criticized for not taking the problem seriously. 政府因没有认真对待这个问题而受到指责。
All you ever do is criticize! 你就知道批评！
His mother had rarely criticized him or any of her children. 他母亲很少指责他或她的任何孩子。
The minister criticised the police for failing to come up with any leads. 部长批评警方没能找到任何线索。
She has openly criticized the government. 她公开批评政府。
Their record on human rights has been justifiably criticized. 他们的人权状况受到了公正的批评。
She criticized the system for being secretive. 她批评该体制不公开。
The law was widely criticized as racist. 那条法律被认为有种族主义问题，广受批评。
The movie was criticized on the grounds that it glorified violence. 那部电影因颂扬暴力而受到批评。
We were taught how to criticize poems. 我们学习了怎样评论诗歌。

vt. [正式] 使某人注意到…且引起关注，即吸引注意力。不常用:
n. [C, U] 进程的停止或被打断:
vt. [正式] 阻止一个进程或发展。不太常用:
vi. 心跳停止:
vt. arrest sb (for sth) 常用被动式，指警察逮捕或拘留，是此义的基本且常规用词，极为常用:
n. [C, U] 逮捕，拘留:
arrest |[ə'rest]
An unusual noise arrested his attention. 一阵不寻常的嘈杂声引起了他的注意。
a cardiac arrest 心脏搏动停止
to arrest the disease 抑制病情 
to arrest the company’s decline 阻止公司的衰落
He arrested on the way to the hospital. 他在送往医院途中停止了心跳。
A man has been arrested in connection with the robbery. 一名男子因与这桩抢劫案有关而被捕。
You could get arrested for doing that. 你干那种事可能要遭逮捕。
The police made six arrests for possession of drugs. 他们逮捕了六名私藏毒品的人。
She was under arrest on suspicion of murder. 她因涉嫌谋杀而被逮捕。
Opposition leaders were put under house arrest. 反对党领袖遭软禁。
drug arrest 因毒品而逮捕 
drunk-driving arrest（美）醉酒驾车逮捕 
to face arrest 面临被捕 
to resist arrest 拒捕 
arrest warrant 逮捕证 
the power of arrest 逮捕权 
I am making a citizen’s arrest. 我以公民的名义逮捕你。
The man is now under arrest in Paris. 这个人现被关押在巴黎。

vt.＆vi. 常与can，could或be able to连用，尤用于否定句或疑问句，指有足够的时间去做某事，即花得起时间，无被动式:
vt.＆vi. 常与can或could连用，尤用于否定句和疑问句，指承担得起后果，无被动式:
vt. 将…提供给某人，为正式用法。主语可以是物:
vt.＆vi. 常与can，could或be able to连用，尤用于否定句或疑问句，指买得起，其主语是人。无被动式:
afford |[ə'fɔ:d]
She felt she couldn’t afford any more time off work. 她觉得再也抽不出时间歇班了。
They could ill afford to lose any more staff.（正式）他们再也损失不起任何员工了。
We cannot afford to ignore this warning. 我们对这个警告绝不能等闲视之。
We cannot afford any more delays. 我们不能再有任何耽搁了。
The tree affords some shelter from the sun. 这棵树可以挡一挡太阳。 
I couldn’t afford £50 for a ticket. 我拿不出50英镑买一张票。
I couldn’t possibly afford to eat in that restaurant. 那家饭馆我根本吃不起。
She can well afford to pay for herself. 她自己完全能够付得起钱。

n. [U] 实施；贯彻；执行；生效:
implementation |[ˌɪmplɪmenˈteɪʃn]
the implementation of the new system 新制度的实施 
We believe that widespread implementation of this approach will result in improvements. 我们相信这一方法的广泛使用将会带来诸多改进。
Detailed implementation of the plans was left to the regional offices. 这些计划由各地区办事处来具体执行。
We will consult widely to ensure smooth implementation. 我们将广泛听取意见，以确保工作顺利进行。
The practical implementation of the regulations proved difficult. 事实证明这些规定实际贯彻起来很困难。
policy implementation 政策的落实 
To achieve implementation of the policy is a long, slow task. 贯彻落实这项政策是一项长期而缓慢的任务。
Hospitals have been given extra funds to facilitate the implementation of the changes. 医院已经得到特别资金，用来促进改革措施的贯彻执行。
They have lobbied to delay implementation of the new tax package. 他们已向政府游说推迟实施新税收政策。
The UN is to supervise the implementation of the peace treaty. 联合国将监督和平条约的执行情况。
implementation plan, implementation strategy 实施计；实施战略 
The restructuring will take place in phases, to simplify the implementation process. 为了简化实施进程，重建工作将分阶段进行。
The new regulations are still in the early implementation phase. 新规定还处在初步实施阶段。

vt. ~ sb (into sth)（尤指在秘密仪式上）使某人加入一个群体:
n. [C] 新加入某个群体、机构或宗教并学习该机构的规则和了解该机构的秘密的一个人:
vt. [正式] 使某事发生，即发起、创始:
vt. ~ sb (into sth) 向某人解释某事并使其第一次经历此事，如传授基础知识:
initiate |[ɪˈnɪʃieɪt]
Hundreds are initiated into the sect each year. 每年有好几百人被接纳到这个教派中。
In many societies, young people are formally initiated into their adult roles. 在很多社会里，年轻人经过正式仪式才算成年。
the ceremony that initiated members into the Order 吸收成员加入会社的仪式
Chen was an initiate of a Chinese spiritual discipline. 陈是某个中国神学领域的新入门者。
to initiate legal proceedings against sb 对某人提起诉讼 
The enquiry was formally initiated last month. 调查于上个月正式启动。
The government has initiated a programme of economic reform. 政府已开始实施经济改革方案。
They wanted to initiate a discussion on economics. 他们想启动一次经济学讨论。
The trip was initiated by the manager of the community centre. 这次旅行由社区活动中心的经理发起。           
Many of them had been initiated into drug use at an early age. 他们中有很多人在早年就被教会了吸毒。
He initiated her into the study of other cultures. 他将她领进了研究其他文化的大门。

vt. 使某人获得准许或权利去做某事:
vt. 使某人有机会去做某事:
vt. 通过创造必要的条件，使某事有可能发生或使某事物有可能存在:
enable |[ɪˈneɪbl]
The republic's legislation enables young people to do a form of alternative service. 共和国的法律允许年轻人服某种形式的替代役。
The software enables you to access the Internet in seconds. 这种软件使你在几秒钟内便可访问互联网。
The new test should enable doctors to detect the disease early. 新的检测手段应该能够使医生们尽早查出这种疾病。
a training to enable young people to make the most of their potential 能够使年轻人充分发挥潜能的一项培训 
a new programme to enable older people to study at college 使老年人有机会在大学学习的新计划 
Insulin enables the body to use and store sugar. 胰岛素使人体能够利用和贮存糖分。
The hot sun enables the grapes to reach optimum ripeness. 炙热的阳光使葡萄能够达到最佳成熟状态。
a new train line to enable easier access to the stadium 到体育场更为便捷的新列车线路 
A series of holes in the side panels enables the position of the shelves to be adjusted. 通过侧板上的一系列小孔可以对隔板位置进行调整。           

adj. 忽视重要问题（或忽视其他人的意见）的，即目光狭隘的或短浅的，与broad相反:
adj. 常用于名词前，刚好实现（或达到、取得）了的:
adj. 1（从一侧到另一侧的空间距离）小的（尤指相对于长度），即（空间）狭窄的，狭小的，与broad或wide相反:
2（种类或数目）有限的，范围小的，相当于restricted，与wide相反:
3（意思或释义）狭义的；精确的。与broad相反:
4（人的生活范围、圈子、思想）狭小的、狭隘的:
vt.＆vi. 变得更窄；使某事物变得更窄（如道路、河流、差距、范围等变窄；眼睛眯起）:
vt.＆vi. 眼睛眯起:
adj. 常用于名词前，刚好实现（或达到、取得）了的、刚好避免了的:
narrow |['nærəʊ]
narrow interests 目光短浅的利益 
a narrow view 狭隘的观点
a narrow victory 险胜 
She was elected by a narrow majority. 她以微弱多数当选。
narrow streets, narrow bed, narrow shoulders 狭窄的街道；狭窄的床；窄小的肩头 
a narrow gap between the bed and the wall 床和墙之间的一条窄缝 
The shop sells only a narrow range of goods. 这家商店商品的种类有限。
I am using the word ‘education’ in the narrower sense. 我说的是较狭义的“教育”。
the narrow confines of prison life（比喻用法）狱中生活的狭小天地 
a narrow circle of friends 有限的交友圈子 
people who are rather narrow in outlook 思想有些狭隘的人
This is where the river narrows. 这条河就是在这里变窄的。
The gap between the two teams has narrowed to three points. 两队之间的差距缩小到三分了。
He narrowed his eyes at her. 他向她挤了挤眼睛。
to narrow the divide between the rich and the poor 缩小贫富差距 
The trade deficit with China narrowed slightly. 对中国的贸易赤字略微缩减。
Her eyes narrowed menacingly. 她咄咄逼人地瞇起眼睛。
He narrowed his eyes at her. 他向她挤了挤眼睛。
His eyes narrowed against the harsh glare of the sun. 他在强烈的日光下眯起眼睛。
His eyes narrowed with suspicion. 他怀疑地眯起眼睛。
narrow victory 险胜 
He lost the race by the narrowest of margins. 他以极小的差距在赛跑中落败。
She was elected by a narrow majority. 她以微弱多数当选。
He had a narrow escape when his car skidded on the ice. 他的车在冰上打滑，险些出事。

charge (someone) too high a price for goods or a service:charge（某人）对商品或服务的价格过高
charge someone (a sum) beyond the correct amount:向某人收取（一笔）超出正确金额的费用
put too much electric charge into (a battery):将过多的电荷放入（电池）
an excessive charge for goods or a service:对商品或服务的过度收费
overcharge |ˌəʊvəˈtʃɑːdʒ| Noun/Verb/:过充,多收费用
send your bill to the Law Society if you think you've been overcharged:如果您认为您被多收了费用，请将您的账单发送给律师协会
large generators can overcharge batteries:largegeneratorscanoverchargebatteries
an overcharge of £40:多收40英镑

an alternative route that is shorter than the one usually taken:一条比通常走的更短的替代路线
an accelerated way of doing or achieving something:一种加速做事或实现某事的方式
a record of the address of a file, website, or other data made to enable quick access.:为实现快速访问而制作的文件、网站或其他数据的地址记录。
shortcut |ˈʃɔːtkʌt| Noun/:捷径
they were taking a shortcut to town:他们走捷径进城
teaching no longer offered a shortcut to secure employment:teaching不再提供确保就业的捷径

n. [U] 空闲、休闲、闲暇:
leisure |[ˈleʒə(r);美ˈli:ʒər]
leisure hours, time 闲暇时光 
leisure activities, leisure interests, leisure pursuits 休闲活动；业余爱好 
leisure centre（英）, leisure complex（尤英）休闲活动中心；休闲综合楼 
leisure facilities 休闲设施 
leisure industry 休闲业 
leisure travel, leisure traveller/traveler 休闲旅游；休闲游客 
These days we have more money and more leisure to enjoy it. 如今我们有更多的钱和空闲时间来享受了。
You will be able to stroll at leisure through the gardens. 您可在花园里闲逛。
He could read all the national papers at his leisure. 他可以悠然阅读所有的全国性报纸。               

n. [C] [正式]（思想、行为、衣着等）不同寻常的人、独特的人:
adj. [常用于名词前]（绘画、写作等的作品）原作的、真迹的、非复制的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 存在于（某个时期、过程或活动的）最初阶段的，即起初的:
adj. 独创的、有独创性的:
adj.（文字作品、音乐等）新创作且未发表（或未发行、未曾演出）的:
original |[əˈrɪdʒənl]
an original painting by local artist Graham Tovey 一幅本土艺术家格雷厄姆·托维的绘画创作 
The original manuscript has been lost. 原稿已经遗失。
Only original documents (= not photocopies) will be accepted as proof of status. 只有文件正本才能用作身份证明。
an original movie poster 原版电影海报
The room still has many of its original features. 房间还保留着当初的许多特点。
I think you should go back to your original plan. 我认为你应该回头执行你原来的计划。
The inhabitants have voted overwhelmingly to restore the city's original name of Chemnitz. 居民以压倒多数票同意恢复该市原来的名字“开姆尼茨”。
an original idea 独到的见解 
That's not a very original suggestion. 那个建议没什么新意。
an original thinker 有创意的人 
an original writer 独树一帜的作家 
She has a highly original mind. 她是个非常有创新精神的人。
It is one of the most original works of imagination in the language. 这是用该语言写成的最具独创性和想象力的作品之一。
They are tackling the problem in a completely original way. 他们正用全新的方法解决这个问题。
its policy of commissioning original work 其委托创作新作品的政策 
with catchy original songs by Richard Warner 以及理查德·沃纳最新创作的朗朗上口的歌曲

n. [U] 密集、稠密；也可指密集的程度，即密度:
n. [C, U] [物理学] 固体、液体或气体单位体积的质量，即密度:
n. [U] [计算机] 磁盘上可用于存储数据的空间，也可称为密度:
density |[ˈdensəti]
The region has a very high population density. 该地区的人口密度很高。
The population density in this city is very high. 这座城市的人口密度很高。
an average density of 2.4 people per hectare 每公顷2.4人的平均密度 
low density forest 低密度森林 
a law which restricts the density of housing 限制房屋密集程度的法规 
traffic density 交通密度 
bone density 骨密度
the density of a gas 一种气体的密度 
Jupiter's moon Io, whose density is 3.5 grams per cubic centimetre, is all rock. 密度为每立方厘米 3.5 克的木星卫星木卫一上遍布岩石。
a high density floppy 高密度软盘

n. -sphere用于构成名词，指（包围地球等的大气的）层:
n. [C] [几何] 球；球体；球形:
n. [C] 范围、领域:
n. [C]（社会地位或兴趣等相同的）阶层、圈子、人群:
n. [C] 球形物体:
sphere |[sfɪə(r);美sfɪr]
ionosphere 电离层 
atmosphere 大气层
a sphere of activity 活动范围 
nurses, working in all spheres of the health service 在公共医疗保健服务业的各领域工作的护士们 
a sphere of influence 影响范围 
This area was formerly within the sphere of influence of the US. 这一地区先前属于美国的势力范围。
They see the region as their natural sphere of influence due to their historical links and a shared language. 基于历史上的联系和共同的语言，他们把该地区看成是自己天然的势力范围。
countries traditionally within the British or American spheres of influence 传统上处于英国或美国势力范围内的国家 
He wanted to spread his ideas to a wider sphere than the school. 他想把自己的观点传播到学校以外。
academic, cultural, domestic, economic, financial, military, political, social 学术领域；文化领域；国内领域；经济领域；金融领域；军事领域；政治领域; 社会领域 
The matter is outside my sphere of responsibility. 这件事不归我负责。        
a sphere of life 生活圈子 
academic, cultural, financial, social 学术圈；文化圈；金融圈；社会圈子 
the realities of life outside the government and academic spheres of society 政府和学术界以外社会阶层的生活现状 
His work is little known outside the academic sphere. 他的成果在学术界以外鲜为人知。
He and I moved in totally different social spheres. 我和他处在完全不同的社会圈子里。
In the novel, men and women enjoy separate spheres of action. 在这部小说里，男人和女人喜欢完全不同的行为。

n. [usually sing.] 获胜者在时间或票数上领先的幅度或差额:
n. [usually sing.] 为确保某事成功而留出的备用的时间、空间、金钱等事物，有时可翻译为“余地”:
n. 1 [C] 页边空白:
2 [C] 一个地方的极端边缘或界限:
3 [usually pl.] 一个群体或情况的非主体部分，即边缘部分。相当于fringe:
n. [usually sing.] 为确保某事成功而留出的备用的时间、空间、金钱等事物，有时可翻译为“余地”:
n. [C] [澳大利亚；新西兰]（基本工资以外的）特殊技能津贴，特殊职务补贴:
n. [C] [商业] 利润率，即公司税后净利润与总收入的比率。相当于profit margin:
margin |[ˈmɑ:dʒɪn;美ˈmɑ:rdʒən]
He won by a narrow margin. 他以微小的差额获胜。
She won by a clear margin. 她以明显的优势获胜。
an overwhelming margin 压倒性优势 
She beat the other runners by a margin of ten seconds. 她以领先十秒的优势战胜了其他赛跑者。
They could end up with a 50-point winning margin. 他们最终可能会以50分的优势获胜。
The Sunday Times remains the brand leader by a huge margin.《星期日泰晤士报》仍以巨大的优势稳居报业龙头的地位。
The narrow gateway left me little margin for error as I reversed the car. 门口狭窄，弄得我倒车时几乎不能出任何差错。
The money is collected in a straightforward way with little margin for error. 钱是直接筹集上来的，不太容易出错。
Sales predictions are open to wide margins of error. 销售预测常常会留出很大的偏差余地。
The schedule left no margin for error. 这份日程表不容出错。
The device gives a greater margin of safety. 这种设备安全系数更大。
We have substantial reserves, which provide a good margin for uncertainties. 我们有充足的储备，足以应付不确定的因素。
These charges can carry prison terms of up to five years, though there's a wide margin of discretion. 尽管量刑幅度很大，但是这些指控仍面临长达五年的刑期。    
the left-hand margin 左页边 
narrow, wide margin 窄空白边；宽空白边 
notes scribbled in the margin 随手写在页边上的笔记 
She added her comments in the margin. 她在页边的空白处写下了评语。
Leave a generous margin on the left. 在左边留下充裕的空白。
the eastern margin of the Indian Ocean 印度洋的东岸 
the low coastal plain along the western margin 沿着西部边缘的地势低平的沿海平原 
These islands are on the margins of human habitation. 这些岛屿位于人类聚居地的边缘。
people living on the margins of society 生活在社会边缘的人 
Students have played an important role in the past, but for the moment, they're on the margins. 学生过去曾经发挥了重要的作用，不过现在他们变得无足轻重了。
signs of the party's rapid retreat to the political margins 该党在政治上迅速失势的种种迹象
The narrow gateway left me little margin for error as I reversed the car. 门口狭窄，弄得我倒车时几乎不能出任何差错。
The money is collected in a straightforward way with little margin for error. 钱是直接筹集上来的，不太容易出错。
Sales predictions are open to wide margins of error. 销售预测常常会留出很大的偏差余地。
The schedule left no margin for error. 这份日程表不容出错。
The device gives a greater margin of safety. 这种设备安全系数更大。
We have substantial reserves, which provide a good margin for uncertainties. 我们有充足的储备，足以应付不确定的因素。
These charges can carry prison terms of up to five years, though there's a wide margin of discretion. 尽管量刑幅度很大，但是这些指控仍面临长达五年的刑期。    
a gross margin of 45% 45%的毛利率 
net margin 净利率 
What are your average operating margins? 你的平均营业利润率是多少？
We're working to rather tight profit margins. 我们只能赚取薄利。

n. [C] 一个大型组织机构（如公司、大学、医院等）的一个部分；也可指大型商店的一个部分。最为常用，含义也最基础最广泛:
n. [C] 医院的部门:
n. [C] 公司的部门；也可指大型商店的一个部分:
n. [C] 大学的系:
n. [C] 政府的部门，是一个基础用词，具有很强的通用性，可以表示各级各类的部门（上可表示国家部委，下可表示各基层部门），在词义内含上包括了本组其他各词:
department |[dɪ'pɑːtmənt][dɪ'pɑːtmənt]
accident and emergency（英）, emergency（美）, hospital, outpatient department 急诊处；急诊室；门诊部 
design, finance, sales, personnel department 设计部；财务部；销售部；人事部 
biology, English department 生物系；英语系 
department store 百货商店
accident and emergency（英）, casualty（英）, emergency（美）, hospital, outpatient department 急诊处；急诊室；门诊部
design, finance, marketing, personnel, sales, etc. department 设计部；财务部；营销部；人事部；销售部等 
department store 百货商店
biology, English, science department 生物系；英语系；科学系
government department 政府部门 
Education Department 教育部 
Health Department 卫生部 
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services 美国健康和公共事业部 
the Department for Transport（英国的）交通部 
the Department of Transportation（美国的）交通运输部 
fire, police department（均美）消防部门；警察部门 
department official 部门官员

vt.＆vi. [正式] 渴望某事物:
desire (to do sth) 拥有某东西（或做某事）的一种强烈愿望，即渴望。是“渴望”的常规用词:
2 [C, usually sing.] 被渴望的一个人或事物:
n. [U, C] desire (for sb) 与某人发生性关系的一种强烈愿望，即情欲:
vt. 被某人的性吸引力所吸引:
desire |[dɪ'zaɪə]
We all desire health and happiness. 我们都渴望健康和幸福。
The medicine did not achieve the desired effect. 这种药未达到预期效果。
Fewer people desire to live in the north of the country. 想住在这个国家北方的人就更少了。
a strong desire for power 强烈的权力欲 
a desire for money and fame 对名利的欲望 
a desire to return home 想回家的欲望 
I have no desire to discuss the matter further.（正式）我不想再谈此事。
a desire for knowledge 求知欲 
I suddenly felt an overwhelming desire to laugh. 我突然抑制不住想大笑。
When she agreed to marry him, he felt he had achieved his heart’s desire. 当她答应嫁给他时，他感到终于得到了心上人。
She felt a surge of love and desire for him. 她对他骤生爱意，欲火攻心。
He still desired her. 他依然对她有欲望。
