harsh							严厉的，恶劣的，刺眼的
reliable						可靠的，准确的
massive						大的，严重的
alcohol						酒
pregnant						怀孕的，意味深长的
adapt							调整...以适用
bogus							假的
slippery						滑的，棘手的，靠不住的
current						当前的，流行的，电流，趋势
overwhelm						吞没，压垮，战胜
stressful						压力大的
toothache						牙痛
eliminate						排除，消除，淘汰
terminal						晚期的，终点的，站，终端
severe						严重的，严肃的
immobile						静止的
diplomatic						外交的
candidate						候选人
fund							基金，储备
complacency						自满
delight						愉快，使高兴
inadequate						不充分的
steady						稳定的，均匀的
accurate						准确的
identification					鉴定，认同
previously						以前
identical						相同的
retirement						退休
commit						犯，使承诺，耗费，记下
element						基本部分，因素，少量，恶劣天气
\\\\\\\\

adj. 看上去丑陋或令人不悦的:
adj.（言行） 严厉的、无情的:
adj. 1（言行）无情的:
2（现实、真相）残酷的、无情的:
adj. 刺耳的、难听的:
adj.（天气）恶劣的:
adj. 1 强烈刺眼的:
2 太粗糙且可能破坏某事物的，如刺激性强的:
adj.（生活条件）艰苦的:
harsh |[hɑ:ʃ;美hɑ:rʃ]
the harsh lines of concrete buildings 混凝土建筑物的粗陋线条          
The punishment was harsh and unfair. 处罚很重而且不公平。
The minister received some harsh criticism. 部长受到了严厉的批评。
the harsh treatment of slaves 对奴隶的虐待 
He regretted his harsh words. 他对自己的刻薄言辞感到后悔。
It may seem harsh to criticize him after his death. 在他死后还批评他似乎太无情了。
He accused her of being unduly harsh. 他指责她太过苛刻。          
It may seem harsh to criticize him after his death. 在他死后还批评他似乎太无情了。
We had to face up to the harsh realities of life sooner or later. 我们迟早都得正视生活的严酷现实。
The harsh truth is that luck plays a big part in who will live or die. 残酷的事实是，谁死谁活在很大程度上要靠运气。
It's a pity she has such a loud harsh voice. 可惜她的嗓门太大太难听了。
harsh winter, harsh wind, harsh climate 寒冷的冬天；凛冽的风；恶劣的气候 
The weather grew harsh, chilly and unpredictable. 天气变得恶劣、寒冷且变化莫测。
the harsh desert environment 恶劣的沙漠环境          
harsh colours 扎眼的色彩 
Tropical colours may look rather harsh in our dull northern light. 热带色彩在我们北方暗淡的光线下可能显得有点刺目。
She was caught in the harsh glare of the headlights. 她遭到车前灯的强光照射。
harsher detergents that can leave hair brittle 会让发质变脆弱的刺激性较强的洗发水
the harsh conditions of poverty which existed for most people at that time 那时大多数人所面对的艰苦境况

adj. 1 可信赖（能把某事做好）的；可依靠的。相当于dependable:
2 很可能是正确或真实的，即真实可信的，可靠的:
reliable |[rɪ'laɪəbl]
We are looking for someone who is reliable and hard-working. 我们在物色可靠而又勤奋的人。
a reliable friend 可信赖的朋友 
My car’s not as reliable as it used to be. 我的车不像过去那样靠得住了。
It has a highly reliable control system. 它有一套极可靠的控制系统。
Our information comes from a reliable source. 我们的消息来源可靠。
a reliable witness 可信的目击证人 
reliable data 可靠的数据 
This statement is not reliable as evidence. 这一陈述作为证据是不可靠的。

adj. 1 非常大、重且结实的:
2 巨大的:
adj.（疾病）十分严重的:
massive |[ˈmæsɪv]
a massive rock 一块巨大的岩石 
the massive walls of the castle 厚实坚固的城堡围墙 
Their house is massive.（英，非正式）他们的房子大极了。
They have a massive great house. 他们有一座非常大的房子。
The explosion made a massive hole in the ground. 爆炸在地面留下了一个巨大的坑。
a massive increase in spending 开支的大幅度增加 
There was evidence of massive fraud. 有证据表明是巨额欺诈。
massive air attacks 大规模空袭
He suffered a massive heart attack. 他的心脏病严重发作了。

n. [U] 含酒精的饮料（能使人喝醉，如啤酒、葡萄酒、威士忌等）。是一个常规用词，具有一定概括性（因为凡是含酒精的饮料，都是一种alcohol，当然，更是一种drink。但alcohol仅仅是不可数名词）:
n. [U] 酒精，乙醇:
alcohol |['ælkəhɒl]
to drink alcohol 喝酒 
strong alcohol（美）烈性酒 
alcohol abuse 酗酒 
alcohol prohibition 禁酒
low-alcohol beer 酒精度低的啤酒 
pure alcohol 纯酒精 
rubbing alcohol（美）医用酒精 
alcohol content 酒精含量 
alcohol dependence 酒精依赖

adj. [正式] pregnant with sth 充满某种品质或感情的:
adj.（安静、时刻等）耐人寻味的，心照不宣的:
adj.（女人或雌性动物）怀孕的:
pregnant |['preɡnənt]
His silences were pregnant with criticism. 他的沉默里充满了批评之意。 
a pregnant pause 耐人寻味的停顿 
a pregnant silence 心照不宣的沉默
pregnant woman 孕妇 
She’s three months pregnant. 她怀孕三个月了。
She was pregnant with twins. 她怀上了双胞胎。

vt.＆vi. adapt (yourself) (to sth) 适应（新情况），相当于adjust:
vt. adapt sth (for sth) 改变…使其适应或适合（新用途、新情况），相当于modify:
vt. 将一本书（或一部戏剧）改编或改写成戏剧、电影、电视节目等:
adapt |[ə'dæpt]
The organisms were forced to adapt in order to survive. 生物被迫适应环境，以求生存。
It took him a while to adapt himself to his new surroundings. 他过了好一阵子才适应了新环境。
The children have adapted well to the heat. 孩子们已经很适应炎热的天气了。
A large organization can be slow to adapt to change. 大机构可能应变迟缓。
to adapt to the new system 适应新制度 
We need to assess the new situation and adapt accordingly. 我们需要评估一下新形势以便做出相应的改变。
Most of these tools have been specially adapted for use by disabled people. 这些工具多数已经过特别改装，供残疾人使用。
These styles can be adapted to suit individual tastes. 这些式样可以修改，以适应个人不同的爱好。
Shelves were built to adapt the library for use as an office. 做了个书架，以便将这个图书馆改作一个办公室用。
Her novel has been adapted for television. 她的小说已改编成了电视节目。

adj. 虚假的、冒牌的、伪造的:
bogus |[ˈbəʊgəs;美ˈboʊ-]
bogus doctor, bogus contract 冒牌医生；伪造的合同 
bogus claims of injury by workers 工人们虚报受伤情况索赔 
their bogus insurance claim 他们伪造的保险索赔 
He said these figures were bogus and totally inaccurate. 他说这些数字都是捏造的，完全不准确。
75 paintings which art experts dismiss as bogus 75幅被艺术专家认为是赝品的画作 
The dinosaur bones turned out to be bogus. 这些恐龙骨骼结果是伪造的。

adj. [非正式]（人）油头滑脑的、靠不住的:
adj.（也可用非正式的slippy）（因为光滑、潮湿而）滑得抓不住（或站不稳、难以行走）的:
adj. [非正式]（情况、主题、问题等）难以应对的、棘手的:
slippery |[ˈslɪpəri]
Don't believe what he says─he's a slippery customer. 他说什么你可别信——他是个滑头。
He is a slippery customer, and should be carefully watched. 他是一个狡猾的顾客，要小心提防。
The tiled floor was wet and slippery. 瓷砖地面又湿又滑。
Bathroom floors can become slippery when wet. 浴室地板打湿后会很滑。
Motorists were warned to beware of slippery conditions. 提醒驾车人要当心路滑。
The track was wet and slippery for the race. 跑道有些湿滑，不利于比赛。
In places the path can be wet and slippery. 这条小径有些路段又湿又滑。
The concrete gets slippery when it's wet. 混凝土地面湿的时候会很滑。
The oil made the ground slippery and treacherous to walk on. 油使地面打滑，走在上面很危险。
rocks that were slippery with seaweed 布满海草而发滑的岩石 
slippery like a fish 滑得像条鱼似的 
His hand was slippery with sweat. 他的手汗津津的。
Freedom is a slippery concept (= because its meaning changes according to your point of view). 自由是一个难以明确的概念。
International law is notoriously slippery. 人所共知，国际法相当棘手。

adj. 为大多数人所使用或接受的，如通用的、流通的、流行的:
n. [C]（思想、观点、感情等在一群人之中的）潮流:
adj. [只用于名词前] 现在发生的、当前的、现在的:
n. [C] 电流:
n. [C]（海洋、江河、湖泊的）水流:
n. [C]（朝某个方向流动的）气流:
current |[ˈkʌrənt;美ˈkɜ:r-]
words that are no longer current 已不再通用的词 
This custom was still current in the late 1960s. 这种习俗在20世纪60年代末仍然很普遍。
Current thinking suggests that toxins only have a small part to play in the build up of cellulite. 目前普遍认为，毒素对皮下脂肪团堆积影响不大。
Each party represents a distinct current of thought. 每个党派代表一种不同的思潮。
A strong current of nationalism runs through ideology and politics in the Arab world. 一股强烈的民族主义思潮涌入阿拉伯世界的思想体系和政治体系。
Ministers are worried by this current of anti-government feeling. 部长们对这股反政府情绪感到担忧。           
current prices 时价 
a budget for the current year 今年的预算 
your current employer 你现在的雇主 
The current situation is very different to that in 1990. 当前的形势与1990年截然不同。
He plans to repeal a number of current policies. 他计划废除一些当前的政策。
electric, electrical current 电流 
a 15 amp electrical current 15安培的电流 
alternating current 交流电 
direct current 直流电 
input, invard current 输入电流 
output, outward current 输出电流 
Check all your wiring before switching on the current. 开启电流前要检查所有供电线路。
Measure the current flowing in the wire. 测量电线中的电流。
A powerful electric current is passed through a piece of graphite. 给一块石墨通入强电流。
Under normal conditions, the ocean currents of the tropical Pacific travel from east to west. 在正常情况下，太平洋的热带洋流自东向西流。
The prevailing current flows from east to west. 盛行洋流是自东往西流动的。
He swam to the shore against a strong current. 他逆着急流游向岸边。
The couple were swept away by the strong current. 这对夫妻被巨大的水流卷走了。
The strong current carried the boat downstream. 急流将船冲向下游。
The boat was carried along in the current. 船顺流而下。
It's easier to go with the current. 顺流而下比较容易。
water current 水流 
rip, off-shore current 离岸流 
tidal current 潮流 
cold, warm current 寒流；暖流
Birds use warm air currents to help their flight. 鸟利用暖气流助飞。
convection current 对流 
a current of air 一股气流 
I felt a current of cool air blowing in my face. 我觉得脸上有一阵冷风吹过。         

vt. [常用被动式]（感情或感觉）充溢（让人难以抵挡，或让人不知所措）:
vt. [常用被动式] 彻底击败…:
vt. [常用被动式] 太糟或太多以致让人难以应付:
vt. [常用被动式] [文学]（水）彻底淹没…:
overwhelm |[ˌəʊvəˈwelm;美ˌoʊvərˈw-]
She was overwhelmed by feelings of guilt. 她感到愧疚难当。
The beauty of the landscape overwhelmed me. 秀丽的风光令我深深地陶醉。
He was overwhelmed by a longing for times past. 他一心渴望回到从前。
The need to talk to someone, anyone, overwhelmed her. 她迫不及待地要找个人说说话，随便是谁都行。
We were totally overwhelmed by the response to our appeal. 人们纷纷响应我们的呼吁，令人感动莫名。
The army was overwhelmed by the rebels. 军队被叛乱者完全击败了。
It was clear that one massive Allied offensive would overwhelm the weakened enemy. 毫无疑问，盟军一次大规模的进攻就会击溃已是强弩之末的敌军。
We were overwhelmed by requests for information. 问讯使我们应接不暇。
The children pressed around him eagerly, overwhelming him with questions. 孩子们急切地将他团团围住，连珠炮似的问了他一大堆问题。
Deal with stress fast whenever it threatens to overwhelm you. 感觉压力过大就要马上解决。

adj.（状况、经历）造成很大压力的、让人非常担忧的:
stressful |[ˈstresfl]
a stressful job 造成沉重压力的工作 
My job's getting more and more stressful. 我的工作压力越来越大。
I find these meetings rather stressful. 我觉得这些会议令人感到压力颇大。
It was a stressful time for all of us. 对我们所有人来说，那是一个艰难的时期。
It was an emotionally stressful time for him. 这对他来说是一个感情压力很大的时期。

n. [U, C, usually sing.] 牙痛:
toothache |['tu:θeɪk]
I’ve got toothache.（英）我牙疼。

vt. [正式] 杀死某人，尤指杀死一个敌人或对手:
vt. ~ sth/sb (from sth) 移除、清除、排除某人或某事物（尤指不需要之物）:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (from sth)（在比赛中）淘汰一个人或团队:
eliminate |[ɪˈlɪmɪneɪt]
Most of the regime's left-wing opponents were eliminated. 这个政权的左翼反对派多数已被除掉。
He declared war on the government and urged right-wingers to eliminate their opponents. 他向政府宣战，并煽动右翼分子干掉他们的对手。
The radio station claimed that 87,000 'reactionaries' had been eliminated. 广播电台声称已经消灭了87,000名“反动分子”。           
Credit cards eliminate the need to carry a lot of cash. 有了信用卡就用不着携带很多现金。
The police have eliminated two suspects from their investigation. 警方通过调查已经排除了两名嫌疑犯。
This diet claims to eliminate toxins from the body. 这种饮食据称具有排除体内毒素的作用。
The Sex Discrimination Act has not eliminated discrimination in employment.《反性别歧视法》并未根除工作中的歧视。
Academic departments are being eliminated. 纯理论研究院系即将被裁撤。
The risk cannot be eliminated altogether. 这个危险还不能完全排除。
This procedure does not completely eliminate the possibility of an accident. 这一程序不能彻底排除事故出现的可能。
Getting this job has effectively eliminated his financial worries. 找到这份工作有效地消除了他的经济担忧。
a policy that they claim will eventually eliminate corruption in the industry 他们声称最终会清除业界腐败的一项政策 
The single market is designed to eliminate barriers to the free movement of goods, services and people. 建立单一市场是为了消除阻碍货物、服务和人员自由流通的壁垒。
Try to eliminate fatty foods from your diet. 尽量不吃含脂肪多的食物。
All the English teams were eliminated in the early stages of the competition. 所有英格兰队伍在比赛初期就被淘汰了。
I was eliminated from the 400 metres in the semi-finals. 我在400米半决赛中被淘汰。
If you are eliminated in the show-jumping then you are out of the complete competition. 如果在马术障碍赛中被淘汰，就意味着完全出局。          

adj. [正式或术语] 常用于名词前，处于一段时间的末端的:
n. [C] [术语]（电路或电器设备的）线路接头，即端子:
n. [C]（计算机技术中的）终端或终端机（该终端与一个中央计算机系统相连）:
adj. [正式或术语] 常用于名词前，处于某事物的末端的，末梢的:
adj. 1（疾病）不能得到治疗且将导致死亡的（过程常是缓慢的），即晚期的:
2（人）患有晚期疾病的:
n. [C]（火车、公共汽车或船的）始发站或终点站（可以是一个地方，也可以是一栋建筑或一组建筑）。是一个专业用法:
n. [C]（机场的）航空站，航站楼（为一栋或一组建筑，用于接收或发送旅客）:
adj.（情况）一定会恶化且最终结束的，即不可救药的，无可挽回的:
terminal |['tə:mɪnl]
terminal examinations 期末考试
negative terminal 负极端子 
the positive terminal of the battery 电池的正极
computer, Internet terminal 计算机终端；互联网终端 
data terminal 数据终端 
mobile, wireless terminal 移动终端；无线终端 
terminal screen 终端显示器
a terminal branch of a tree 树的末端枝条
He has terminal lung cancer. 他患有晚期肺癌。
The illness is usually terminal. 这种病通常为不治之症。
She’s suffering from terminal boredom.（比喻用法）她现在感到烦得要死。
a terminal patient 晚期病人
rail, subway（美）, train terminal 铁路枢纽站；地铁枢纽站；火车枢纽站 
bus terminal 公交车总站 
cruise, cruise-ship, ferry terminal 游轮码头；轮渡码头 
passenger terminal 客运枢纽站 
container terminal 集装箱码头 
oil terminal 石油码头
airport terminal 机场航站楼
The industry is in terminal decline. 这个行业每况愈下，一蹶不振。

adj. 1 severe (on/with sb)（惩罚或批评）严厉的，重的:
2 不和善或缺乏同情心的，对…持否定态度的，即严厉的，严苛的:
adj. [贬]（风格、外貌或衣着）极其简朴的，无任何装饰的:
adj. 1 极为恶劣的，十分严重的。严重的程度较深:
2 极其困难的，需要很强技能或能力的:
severe |[sɪ'vɪə]
a severe sentence 重判 
a severe punishment 重罚 
The courts are becoming more severe on young offenders. 法庭对青少年犯罪者的处罚日趋严厉。
a severe expression 严厉的表情 
She was a severe woman who seldom smiled. 她是个严肃的女人，脸上很少出现笑容。
Her hair was short and severe. 她的头发不长，也没有花样。
The furniture is a little too severe for my taste. 这件家具有点过于简朴，我不太喜欢。 
severe weather conditions 恶劣的天气状况 
severe cash flow problems 严重的现金流问题 
a severe winter 严冬 
to suffer severe losses 遭受严重损失 
His injuries are severe. 他的伤势很重。
Shortages of professional staff are very severe. 专业人员短缺问题十分严重。
an exceptionally severe frost 特别严重的霜冻 
to be a severe test of stamina 对耐力的严峻考验

adj. 1（人或事物）不动的、静止的:
2（人或事物）不能移动的、不能活动的:
immobile |[ɪˈməʊbaɪl;美ɪˈmoʊbl]
She stood immobile by the window. 她一动不动地靠窗站着。
Joe remained as immobile as if he had been carved out of rock. 乔一动不动，仿佛一尊石头雕像。
His illness has left him completely immobile. 他的病使他完全丧失了活动能力。
A riding accident left him immobile. 一场骑马意外事故导致他瘫痪。
She seemed scarcely to breathe as she lay immobile. 她一动不动地躺着，似乎连呼吸都停止了。
The accident left him totally immobile. 那次事故使他完全丧失了活动能力。
For a moment shock held her immobile. 一时间她因震惊而动弹不得。
a very heavy or immobile object 非常沉重或难以移动的物体

adj. 善于处理困难情形中的人际关系的，如有手腕的、灵活变通的:
adj. 外交的、从事外交的:
diplomatic |[ˌdɪpləˈmætɪk]
a diplomatic answer 圆通的回答 
She is very direct. I tend to be more diplomatic, I suppose. 她人很直，我觉得我更婉转一些。        
a diplomatic crisis 外交危机 
Attempts are being made to settle the dispute by diplomatic means. 正在努力通过外交途径解决争端。
to restore diplomatic relations with a country 与某国恢复外交关系 
Efforts are being made to avert war and find a diplomatic solution. 各方正在为避免战争、寻求外交解决途径而做出积极的努力。

n. 1 [C] candidate (for sth) 求职的申请者:
2 [C] candidate (for sth) 被认为适合于某一目的的一个人或事物，很有可能得到（或成为）…的一个人或事物:
n. 1 [C] candidate (for sth) 学校或学位的申请者:
2 [C]（英式英语）一个参加考试的人:
n. [C] candidate (for sth) 参选的候选人:
n. 1 [C] candidate (for sth) 参选的候选人，或求职的申请者:
2 [C]（英式英语）一个参加考试的人:
3 [C] candidate (for sth) 被认为适合于某一目的的一个人或事物，很有可能得到（或成为）…的一个人或事物:
candidate |['kændɪdeɪt]['kændɪdeɪt]
There were a large number of candidates for the job. 有许多求职者申请这份工作。
She’s a likely candidate for promotion. 她很可能得到晋升。
doctoral candidate（美）博士生 
a candidate for the degree of MPhil 攻读哲学硕士学位者
congressional, parliamentary, presidential candidate 国会议员候选人；议会候选人；总统候选人 
Democratic candidate 民主党候选人 
to stand as a candidate（英）作为候选人
presidential candidate 总统候选人 
Democratic candidate 民主党候选人 
candidates for the job 这份工作的求职者 
doctoral candidate（美）博士生 
a candidate for the degree of MPhil 攻读哲学硕士学位者 
Our team is a prime candidate for relegation this year. 今年我们队最有可能降级。
She’s a likely candidate for promotion. 她很可能得到晋升。
a candidate for a heart attack 容易患心脏病的人 
This is a prime candidate for best movie of the year. 这部电影很有可能成为年度最佳影片。

n. [sing.] ~ of sth 大量的某事物，或供应的大量的某事物:
n. 1 [C] 为某一用途所专门储蓄的或拿出来用的一笔钱，如基金、专款:
2 [pl.] funds指可供花费的金钱，尤指为某一特定目的给予的资金、现款:
vt. 为某事（通常指官方事项）提供资金:
fund |[fʌnd]
a fund of knowledge 丰富的知识 
He is possessed of an extraordinary fund of energy. 他的精力异常充沛。
a disaster relief fund 赈灾专款 
the company's pension fund 公司的养恤基金 
the International Monetary Fund 国际货币基金组织 
a scholarship fund for undergraduate engineering students 提供给工程学本科生的奖学金基金 
appeal fund（英）募款基金 
charitable, charity fund 慈善基金 
disaster, relief fund 救灾基金；救济基金 
emergency, reserve fund 应急基金；储备金 
hardship fund（英）困难（救助）基金 
benevolent（尤英）, campaign, compensation, insurance, investment, memorial, prize, social, trust fund 慈善基金；竞选基金；赔偿基金；保险基金；投资基金；纪念基金；奖励基金；社会基金；信托基金 
a benevolent fund for retired actors 为退休演员设立的慈善基金 
retirement fund 退休基金 
equity, hedge, mutural fund 股票基金；对冲基金；共同基金 
offshore fund 海外基金 
They set up an investment fund to provide money for their retirement. 他们设立了一个投资基金为退休生活提供资金。
They don't want to draw on the fund unless they have to. 除非不得已，否则他们不想动用基金。
The fund was invested in a range of state bonds. 该基金投资于一系列国有债券。
fund holder, fund investor, fund manager, fund provider, fund trustee 基金持有人；基金投资人；基金经理；基金提供者；基金受托人 
fund account, fund management 基金账户；基金管理 
fund performance 基金业绩 
fund value 基金价值 
government funds, state funds, school funds, church funds 政府资金；国有资金；学校资金；教会资金 
private funds, public funds 私人资金；公共资金 
The hospital is trying to raise funds for a new kidney machine. 这家医院正设法募集资金购买一台新的血液透析器。
The concert will raise funds for research into Aids. 这场音乐会将为艾滋病研究筹款。
The project has been cancelled because of lack of funds. 这个项目因缺乏资金已经撤销。
I'm short of funds at the moment─can I pay you back next week? 我目前缺钱，下周还你行吗？
There are only limited funds available. 可用的资金有限。
We have insufficient funds to pay for the building work. 我们没有足够的资金支付建筑工程。
The school is appealing for funds to invest in new equipment. 这所学校正在为购买新设备呼吁捐款。
Funds will be made available to ensure the provision of hospital services. 将提供资金以确保医院服务正常。
to withhold funds 扣押资金 
to deposit, to withdraw funds 存入资金；撤回资金 
The government is to channel more funds into local projects. 政府将调拨更多资金用于地方工程。
The funds are earmarked for the health sector. 这些资金是指拨给卫生部门的。
Funds from the event will support the work of the hospice. 此次活动募集的款项将用于资助临终关怀医院的工作。
The current account offers savers instant access to funds. 活期账户使存款人可以随时取钱。
the flow of funds between various economic sectors 各个经济部门之间的资金流动 
The project was hampered by lack of funds. 该工程因资金短缺而受阻。
a dance festival funded by the Arts Council 由艺术委员会资助的舞蹈节 
The museum is privately funded. 这家博物馆由私人提供资金。
a government-funded programme 政府资助项目 
The Bush Foundation has funded a variety of faculty development programs. 布什基金会已经资助了许多教员发展项目。
The airport is being privately funded by a construction group. 该机场是由一个建筑集团私人出资兴建的。
The venture is funded entirely by its board of directors. 这家企业的资金全部由董事会提供。
fully funded day care for our children 资金充足的日间托儿所 
The GDPC is not directly funded by the taxpayer. GDPC的资金不是直接由纳税人提供的。
a plan jointly funded by central and local government 有中央和地方政府共同出资的一项计划 
This money will help to fund administration costs. 这笔钱将用于行政支出。

a feeling of smug or uncritical satisfaction with oneself or one's achievements:对自己或自己的成就感到自鸣得意或不加批判的满足感
complacency |kəmˈpleɪsnsi| Noun/:coplacency,coplacence
the figures are better, but there are no grounds for complacency:数字更好，但没有理由自满

n. [C] 令人高兴的事，即乐事，乐趣，相当于joy:
vt. 给予某人很多快乐或享受:
n. [U] 一种强烈的愉悦感，即高兴，快乐，相当于joy。程度较深:
delight |[dɪ'laɪt]
the delights of living in the country 生活在乡村的乐趣 
culinary delight 烹饪的乐趣 
earthly delight 尘世间的乐事 
This guitar is a delight to play. 这吉他弹起来很惬意。
The baby was a constant delight. 这个婴儿不断给人带来喜悦。
This news will delight his fans all over the world. 这消息将使全世界崇拜他的人都感到高兴。
Jane squealed with sheer delight when she saw the monkeys. 简看到猴子时高兴得尖叫起来。
He takes (great) delight in proving others wrong. 他以证实别人出错为（一大）快事。
childish, childlike delight 天真的快乐；孩子般的快乐 
aesthetic, sensory, sensual, spiritual delight 审美愉悦；感官愉悦；精神愉悦 
To my great delight, they offered me the job. 他们给了我这份工作，令我非常高兴。
a cry of delight 快乐的叫喊

~ (to do sth) 不够的、不足的、不充分的:
adj. 1（人）没有足够的能力或信心去处理一种情况的。相当于incompetent:
2（事物）不够好的，没有足够能力的:
inadequate |[ɪnˈædɪkwət]
adj. ~ (for sth) 
The food supplies are inadequate to meet the needs of the hungry. 食物供应还不足以应付饥民的需求。
Supplies of food and medicines are inadequate. 食物和药品供应不足。
The problem goes far beyond inadequate staffing. 问题远非人手不足那么简单。
These precautions have been judged inadequate. 这些防范措施被认为不够周全。
His wages were pitifully inadequate for the needs of his growing family. 他工资少得可怜，不够养活添丁增口的家庭。
I felt totally inadequate as a parent. 我觉得我作为父亲（或母亲）完全不称职。
I still feel inadequate, useless and mixed up. 我仍然感到自己能力不够，毫无用处，整个儿一团糟。
He felt painfully inadequate in the crisis. 意识到自己在这场危机中无能为力，他感到很痛苦。
I suddenly felt extremely inadequate as I compared myself to him. 我把自己跟他一比，突然觉得自己根本不称职。
She was inadequate to the demands of the job. 她无法达到这份工作的要求。
The staff seemed not only insensitive, but professionally inadequate. 员工不仅缺乏敏感度，而且也不够专业。
People, despite their intelligence, are curiously inadequate at communicating with horses. 人类虽然很有智慧，但在与马交流方面却出奇地愚笨。
This computer is clearly inadequate for my needs. 这台计算机显然不能满足我的需要。
The helicopters are inadequate to the demands of modern combat. 这些直升机不能满足现代战斗的需求。
The system is inadequate for the tasks it has to perform. 这个系统要完成它的任务还不够完善。

exclamation. 1 [正变得过时] steady on 用于告诉某人，让其谨慎处理自己正在说的话或正在做的事（例如由于其言行极端或不合适）:
2 用于告诉对方小心，如注意、当心、小心:
adj. 牢牢地固定（或支撑、平衡）住的，不摇晃或不太可能下落的，如稳的、平稳的、稳固的（其含义已将stable包括，但steady更强调“稳”，有一种保持平衡的意味）:
vt.＆vi. steady (yourself/sb/sth) 防止…移动（或震动、下落）；停止移动（或震动、下落）:
adj. 1 以一种匀速和规律的方式逐渐发展（或成长等）的，如稳步的、匀速的，相当于constant:
2 不发生变化或进程不被打断的，如稳定的、恒定的，相当于regular:
3（人）沉稳理智的，可被依靠的:
vi. 停止变化，且再次变得有规律，如恢复平稳、稳定下来:
adv. 稳定且不变化或不震动、不摇动的，如稳定地、稳固地、持续地:
vt. 使某人或某事物平静（或冷静、镇定）:
steady |['stedɪ]
Steady on! You can’t say things like that about somebody you’ve never met. 注意点！你从没见过的人，不要这样议论人家。
Steady! Don’t fall off. 小心！别摔下来。
He held the boat steady as she got in. 他把船稳住，让她上了船。
Such fine work requires a steady hand. 做这样精细的工作手要稳。
Hold the ladder steady! 扶稳梯子！
His gaze was rock steady. 他目不转睛地盯着看。
She steadied herself against the wall. 她靠墙站稳。
The lift rocked slightly, steadied, and the doors opened. 电梯微微一晃又稳了下来，接着门开了。
five years of steady economic growth 经济持续五年的稳步增长 
a steady decline in numbers 数量逐渐下降 
We are making slow but steady progress. 我们虽然缓慢但是在稳步前进。
a steady stream of visitors 稳定的客流 
His breathing was steady. 他呼吸平稳。
steady job, steady income, steady price, steady pace, steady relationship, steady girlfriend 稳定的工作；稳定的收入；稳定的价格；稳定的速度；稳定的关系；关系稳定的女朋友 
Inflation seems to be holding steady. 通货膨胀似乎稳定下来了。
Her heartbeat steadied. 她的心跳平稳下来。
The pound steadied against the dollar. 英镑对美元的汇率稳定下来。
In trading today the dollar held steady against the yen. 在今天的交易中，美元对日元的汇率保持稳定。
He took a few deep breaths to steady his nerves. 他深深地吸了几口气，让自己平静下来。

adj. 1（信息、测量、数据或仪器等）能提供精确信息的，即精确的，准确的:
2（说法、描述、估算、记录等）确切的，恰当的:
3（行动、模仿）正确的，到位的:
4（武器、投掷）精准的；（人）射击（或投掷）准的:
accurate |[ˈækjərət]
a highly accurate electronic compass 高度精确的电子罗盘仪 
accurate to within 3mm 精确得误差不超过3毫米 
Results are accurate to within 0.2 seconds. 结果精确度在0.2秒以内。
My watch is not very accurate. 我的表走得不很准。
This may provide a quick and accurate way of monitoring the amount of carbon dioxide in the air. 这也许能提供一个监测空气中二氧化碳含量的既快又准的方法。
Police have stressed that this is the most accurate description of the killer to date. 警方强调这是迄今对凶手最精确的描述。
He gave a full and accurate account of his movements. 他完整而准确地叙述了自己的行踪。
Her assessment turned out to be remarkably accurate. 结果证明她的评估非常准确。
I think it may take sometime before we can have an accurate assessment of the damage. 我认为我们对损失作出准确的估算可能需要一段时间。
His predictions proved accurate. 他的预测证明是准确的。
They were accurate in their prediction that he would change her life drastically. 他们预测得没错，他使她的生活发生了翻天覆地的变化。
accurate account, accurate calculation 准确的叙述；准确的计算 
accurate information, accurate data 正确无误的情报；正确无误的资料 
Accurate records must be kept. 必须保存准确的记录。
The figures he gave were not strictly accurate. 他所提供的数据并不是很确凿。
Although this book is historically accurate, it is not a history book这本书虽然史料准确，却不是历史书。
Marks were given for accurate spelling and punctuation. 因拼写及标点正确而得分。
his maliciously accurate imitation of Hubert de Burgh 他对休伯特·德伯格到位的恶搞模仿 
The rifle was extremely accurate. 这把步枪准头极高。
The pilots, however, were not as accurate as they should be. 然而飞行员并不像他们该达到的水平那样精准。

n. [U, C] identification (of sb) (with sb/sth) 在不同的人（或事物）之间建立紧密联系的过程，即密切联系:
n. [U, C] 鉴定，验明，辨认（人或事物）:
n. [U, C] identification (with sb/sth) 对…的一种强烈感情，例如同情、理解或支持:
n. [U] 证明身份的正式文件:
n. [U] 识别…的存在、重要性或真实性，即确认:
identification |[aɪ͵dentɪfɪ'keɪʃn]
the voters’ identification of the Democrats with high taxes 选民把民主党和高税收画上等号
the identification of the crash victims 对事故伤亡者的鉴别 
She was unable to make a positive identification of the suspect. 她不能确切指认嫌疑人。
fingerprint, radio frequency, visual identification 指纹识别；射频识别；视觉识别 
identification bracelet, identification label, identification technology 识别腕带；识别标签；识别技术 
identification code 识别码 
Each product has a number for easy identification. 每件产品都有号码以便于识别。
identification procedure 鉴定程序
her emotional identification with the play’s heroine 她与剧中女主人公在情感上的共鸣 
their identification with the struggle for independence 他们对争取独立的斗争的支持
identification card, identification document, identification papers 身份证；身份证明文件；身份证明文书 
Can I see some identification, please? 请出示一下身份证件好吗？
Always carry some identification. 要随时携带能证明身份的证件。
My only means of identification was my credit card. 唯一能证明我身份的就是我这张信用卡了。
early identification of adolescents at risk for violence 对有遭受暴力侵害危险的青少年的早期确认 
the early identification of health problems 健康问题的早期确认

adv. 1 在谈论的时间以前:
2 一段时间以前:
previously |[ˈpriːviəslɪ]
The building had previously been used as a hotel. 这座楼房早先曾用作旅馆。
Guyana's railways were previously owned by private companies. 圭亚那的铁路以前是归私有企业所有的。
The contract was awarded to a previously unknown company. 合同签给了一个之前并不知名的公司。
I had visited them three days previously. 我之前曾探访过他们三天。
He had first entered the House 12 years previously. 12年前，他首次成为议员。
She had rented the flat from the council some fourteen months previously. 大约十四个月以前，她从地方政府那里租下了这套公寓。

adj. 1 ~ (to/with sb/sth) 在每一个细节上都相同的，即完全相同的:
2 the identical [只用于名词前] 同一的:
identical |[aɪˈdentɪkl]
a row of identical houses 完全一样的一排房子 
Nearly all the houses were identical. 几乎所有的房子都一模一样。
Her dress is almost identical to mine. 她的连衣裙和我的几乎一模一样。
The number on the card should be identical with the one on the chequebook. 卡上的号码应该和支票簿上的相同。
The two pictures are similar, although not identical. 这两幅画很相似，虽然不完全相同。
The two parties fought the last election on almost identical manifestos. 两个政党以几乎完全相同的竞选宣言参加了上次竞选。
Different spreadsheet packages tend to be similar, though not necessarily identical. 不同的电子制表软件包往往很相似，虽然不一定一模一样。
The two houses were more or less identical. 这两座房子差不多一模一样。
chemically, functionally identical 化学成分相同；功能相同 
offspring that are genetically identical with the parents 遗传基因与父母完全相同的子女
This knife is identical to the one used in the attack. 这把刀与袭击中使用的那把一模一样。
These two models are absolutely identical in appearance. 这两个模型外表完全相同。
This is the identical room we stayed in last year. 这就是我们去年住的那个房间。

n. 1 [U, C] 退休；退休年龄:
2 [U, sing.] 退休生活:
n. [U] ~ (from sth)（尤指从体育、政治等领域的）退出，引退，退役:
retirement |[rɪˈtaɪəmənt;美-ˈtaɪərm-]
At 60, he was now approaching retirement. 他60岁了，就要退休了。
Susan is going to take early retirement (= retire before the usual age). 苏珊要提前退休。
the proportion of the population who are over retirement age 超过退休年龄的人口比例 
compulsory（英）, enforced（尤英）, forced（美）, mandatory（尤美）retirement 强制性退休 
compulsory retirement at 60 60岁强制性退休。
her enforced retirement from the sport 她从体育界被强制退役 
She took voluntary retirement in 2001. 她于2001年自愿退休。
It was their final concert before entering retirement. 这是他们退休前最后一场音乐会。
They presented him with a watch to mark his retirement. 他们送给他一块手表作为退休纪念。
retirement age 退休年龄 
Her official retirement date is March 12.她正式退休的日期是3月12日。
retirement benefits, retirement package, retirement pension（尤英）（一整套）退休福利；退休金 
retirement plan, retirement programme/program（尤美）退休计划 
They have about $14 800 in retirement savings. 他们有大约14，800美元的退体储蓄金。
retirement account（美）退休账户 
retirement fund 退休基金 
retirement income, retirement money（尤美）, retirement pay（尤美）退休收入；退休金 
He has a good retirement income. 他有不错的退休收入。
retirement portfolio（尤美）
important matters like health care and retirement security 卫生保健和退休保障之类的重要事项 
retirement gift, retirement party 退休礼物；退休聚会 
retirement facility（美）, retirement home养老院 
retirement community（美）, retirement village 老人社区；老人村 
Your pension plan provides a cash lump sum at retirement. 你的养老金计划让你在退休时一次性获得一笔现金。
His father was now living in retirement in France. 他父亲已退休住在法国。o She has found a new hobby in her retirement. 她退休后找到了一个新的消遣。
He remained in the post until his retirement last year. 直到去年退休，他一直留在那个岗位上。
her retirement as sales director 她退休时是销售主管 
The age of retirement for all employees is 60. 所有雇员的退休年龄都是60岁。
to provide for retirement 为退休生活作准备 
We all wish you a long and happy retirement. 我们大家祝愿你的退休生活长久而幸福。
Up to a third of one's life is now being spent in retirement. 现在人们一生中能有三分之一的时间过退休生活。
He provided for a comfortable retirement by selling the business. 他把企业卖掉，过上了舒适的退休生活。
The website helps you plan your retirement. 这个网站帮助你规划退休生活。
investments to fund their retirement 为养老而进行的投资 
I intend to spend my retirement playing golf. 我打算退休后打高尔夫球。
She's saving for her retirement. 她在为退休存钱。
I've been thinking about where I might like to spend my retirement years. 我一直在想退休后去哪儿生活比较好。
He announced his retirement from football. 他宣布退出足球运动。
She came out of retirement to win two gold medals at the championships. 她复出后在锦标赛上赢得了两枚金牌。
After her retirement from the stage she began to drink. 她退出舞台后就开始了酗酒。

vt. commit sth to paper/writing 把…写（或记）下来:
vi. commit (to sb/sth) 绝对忠诚于一个人、组织等；把所有时间和精力投入到工作、活动等当中:
vt. 1 commit sb/yourself (to sth/to doing sth) 常用被动式，指真诚地许诺一定会去做某事，保证遵从协议或安排等。程度通常较深:
2 commit yourself (to sth) 公开发表意见或做出决定，以致日后难以更改:
vt. commit suicide 自杀:
vt. 在某人或某事上花费时间:
vt. 1 commit yourself (to sth) 公开发表意见或做出决定，以致日后难以更改:
2 commit yourself on something 就某事说出自己的真实想法或做法，即表态，但常用于否定句:
vt. 在某人或某事上（常常是在一件事上）“花费”金钱。是一种正式用法，强调为追求一个理想的结果而在战略层面进行长期的资金投入，常翻译为“投入”:
vt. commit sth to memory 把…学得足够好，好到可以精准记住:
vt. commit a crime, etc. 做出错事或非法的事，即犯错，犯罪。是此义的基本用词:
vt. 把某人送交法庭受审:
vt. commit sb to sth 常用被动式，指下令把某人送进精神病院、监狱等:
commit |[kə'mɪt]
She committed everything to paper about it. 她把关于它的任何东西都记在了纸上。
He just doesn’t want to commit. 他只是不想许诺忠诚于人。
He was committed to increasing the investment. 他曾承诺增加投资。
All sides committed themselves to cease fire in this region. 各方均承诺在该地区停火。
He had committed himself at the meeting, though he wanted to change it. 他虽然曾想改变自己的意见，但毕竟已经在会议上公开做出了表态。
He tried to commit suicide. 他曾试图自杀。
He had committed himself at the meeting, though he wanted to change it. 他虽然曾想改变自己的意见，但毕竟已经在会议上公开做出了表态。
The official refused to commit himself on such an issue. 该名官员拒绝就此事表态。
The government committed more money to the programme. 政府在该项目上投入更多资金。
to commit the knowledge to memory 把知识记得很牢
to commit a crime 犯罪 
to commit murder 犯谋杀罪
He was committed to a psychiatric hospital. 他被关进了精神病院。

n. 1 [C] ~ (in/of sth) 某事物的一个必要或典型部分，即要素、基本部分:
2 [C] 旧时人们认为的构成一切物质的四个要素（即土、空气、火、水）之一:
n. [C, usually sing.] ~ of surprise, risk, truth, etc. 少量、有点:
n. [C, usually sing.] ~ of surprise, risk, truth, etc. 有些:
n. [C] 化学元素:
n. [C]（电炉、热水器等的）电热元件、电热丝:
n. [C, usually pl.] 一个更大群体中的一群人:
n. [C, usually sing.] 尤指动物的自然环境或适宜的环境:
n. [pl.] the elements 指天气，尤指恶劣天气:
n. [pl.] elements指一个学科的基本原理、基础，一般是在正式而深入的学习前首先要了解的。相当于basics:
element |[ˈelɪmənt]
Cost was a key element in our decision. 价钱是我们决策时考虑的主要因素。
Fitness has now become an important element in our lives. 现在健康已经成为我们生活中的一个要素。
Practical work will form a major element of the syllabus. 实际操作将是教学大纲中的一项重要内容。
The exchange of prisoners of war was one of the key elements of the UN's peace plan. 交换战俘是联合国和平计划的一个重要部分。
This constitutes one of the key elements in this reform package. 这构成了这一揽子改革计划的关键要素之一。
The promise of tax cuts became the dominant element in the campaign. 减税承诺成了竞选活动的头号内容。
These ideas are not just the province of a fringe element in the party. 这些想法并不仅仅属于党内的非正统领域。
There is too much of a competitive element in the sales department. 销售部竞争太大。
Customer relations is an important element of the job. 与客户的关系是这个工作的重要部分。
sexual element 性因素 
Police say there may have been a racial element to the attacks. 警方说这些袭击事件都可能带有种族因素。
He emphasizes the human element of the story. 他强调故事中人的因素。
the constituent elements of the universe 宇宙的组成要素 
functional, structural element 功能要素；结构要素 
architectural, decorative, design, musical, visual element 建筑元素；装饰元素；设计元素；音乐元素；视觉元素 
narrative element 叙事元素 
an offbeat theatrical production that combines elements of fantasy and satire 结合了想象与讽刺元素的不落俗套的戏剧作品 
a visual style that fuses film noir elements with traditional horror 融入了黑色电影元素和传统恐怖片效果的视觉风格 
The story has all the elements of a soap opera. 这个故事是非常典型的肥皂剧题材。
These rumours do contain an element of truth. 这些谣言中确实有点真实成分。
There may have been an element of jealousy in her response. 她的回答可能含有一丝嫉妒。          
There is a considerable element of danger in her job. 她的工作存在相当大的危险性。
We need to preserve the element of surprise. 我们得保留一些使人感到意外的东西。
These reports clearly contain elements of propaganda. 这些报告明显带有一些宣传的意味。
The kettle needs a new element. 这个电壶需要一根新电热丝。
With its unique heating element it makes perfect coffee. 其独特的电热元件使它能够煮出非常美味的咖啡。
moderate elements within the party, radical elements within the party 党内的温和派；党内的激进派 
unruly elements in the school 学校里难管教的人 
criminal elements within the security forces 安保部队中的犯罪分子 
the hooligan element 流氓团伙           
Water is a fish's natural element. 水是鱼的天然生活环境。
My stepmother was in her element, organizing everything. 我的继母得心应手地料理着一切。
Maybe it's because they're so out of their element that they feel the need to talk. 可能是因为他们感到非常不自在，所以觉得有必要说说话。
I put on my thick coat ready to brave the elements. 我穿上厚外衣准备顶风冒雨出门。
He told us stories of how he had battled the elements on his mountaineering trips. 他给我们讲述他登山时是怎样顶住坏天气的。
The place was completely exposed to the elements. 这个地方在恶劣天气下完全没有遮挡。
The area where most refugees are waiting is exposed to the elements. 大多数难民等待救济的地方都不能挡风遮雨。
protection/shelter from the elements 免受恶劣天气侵袭
He taught me the elements of map-reading. 他教我看地图的基本方法。           
