bow						弓，蝴蝶结，鞠躬，让步
take a bow					谢幕
division					分开，分配，除法，部门
literature					文学，宣传册
consultant					顾问，医师
penalty					处罚
comment					评论，注解，批评，意见
major						重要的，严重的，主修
option					选择，期权，选修
socialize					交际，社会主义化
bureau					社，局
budget					预算，便宜的
pop						汽水，击打，爆裂，放下
position					位置，姿势，状况，立场，摆放
affordable					买得起的
function					功能，职责，用途
perceive					察觉，把...看作
reserve					储备，保护区，拘谨，预订
all rights reserved			版权所有
innovation					革新
alert						警惕的，警戒，提醒
cautious					小心谨慎的
document					文件，记录，用文件证明
characterize				描绘，是...的特征
achieve					达到，实现，取得
address					地址，演说，称呼
address oneself				致力于某事
inspiration					灵感，妙计
agency					代理机构，介入，作用
formulate					构想，制定，创立，表达
fate						命运，死亡
surf						拍岸浪花，冲浪
steer						驾驶，带领，引导，遵循
\\\\\\\\

vi. bow (down) (to/before sb/sth) to bow low to 向…深深地鞠躬:
vt. 低头:
n. [C] 鞠躬，弯腰行礼:
vi. bow to 可表示屈从于压力或某人的意愿:
vt.＆vi. 弯曲，或使…弯曲:
n. [C] 蝴蝶结:
n. [C] 弦乐器（如小提琴）的琴弓:
vt.＆vi. 用琴弓拉琴（或其它弦乐器）:
n. [C] 作为武器的弓:
n. [C] 船头:
bow |[baʊ][bəʊ]
He bowed deeply to the audience. 他向观众深深地鞠了一躬。
She bowed her head in shame. 她羞愧地低下了头。
a formal bow 正式的鞠躬 
to take a bow（用于指表演者）鞠躬谢幕 
He made a deep bow to the king. 他向国王深鞠一躬。
The boss takes his final bow(= is retiring) today.（比喻用法）老板今天退休。
She bowed to her parents and married with a man she doesn’t love. 她屈从了父母，嫁给了一个她不爱的人。
The pines bowed in the wind. 松树被风吹弯了。
Their backs were bowed under the weight of their packs. 沉重的背包压弯了他们的脊背。
Her hair was tied back in a neat bow. 她的头发扎在脑后打了个整齐的蝴蝶结。
to tie your shoelaces in a bow 把鞋带打成蝴蝶结 
She tied the ribbon into a neat bow. 她用丝带打了一个整齐的蝴蝶结。
a bow and arrow 一副弓箭 
She drew and aimed her bow. 她拉开弓瞄准。
port, starboard bow 船头左舷；船头右舷 
There were huge waves breaking over the bows. 巨浪拍打着船头。

n. [C] 组织机构中的大型且重要的部门。不如department常用，但比section要常用一些:
division (of sth) (into sth) 分开（或分隔、分配）的过称或结果:
n. [U] 除或除法:
division (between A and B)（尤指一个社会或组织的成员之间）在观点、生活方式等方面的差异、分歧或不和:
n. [C] 在英国可指体育比赛（尤指足球比赛）所划分出的一个组别，即级:
n. [C] 一种军队编制，相当于师:
n. [C]（划分…的）边界线:
n. [C] [术语]（英国议会的）分组表决（以投票支持或反对…）:
division |[dɪ'vɪӡn][dɪ'vɪӡn]
the bank’s Latin American division 该银行的拉丁美洲部 
manufacturing, marketing, sales, training division 制造部；营销部；销售部；培训部 
administrative division 行政部门 
division director 部门主管
cell division 细胞分裂 
the division of labour between the sexes 男女分工 
a fair division of time and resources 时间和资源的合理分配 
the division of wealth 财富分配 
the division of the population into age groups 把人口分成不同的年龄组 
division into two states 分裂成两个国家 
division between good and evil 划分善与恶 
an unequal division of the cake 不均等的蛋糕切分 
the traditional division of language into grammar and vocabulary 把语言分为语法和词汇的传统划分 
hierarchical division between ‘workers’ and ‘management’ “工人”和“管理层”之间的等级划分 
In selling there is a broad division into direct and indirect methods. 销售可大致分为直接销售和间接销售。 
the division sign (÷) 除号 
Can you do division? 你会做除法运算吗？
division by three 用三除
a deep division 严重分歧 
factional divisions within the party 党内的派系分歧 
divisions between rich and poor 贫富差异 
class, cultural, gender, ideological, racial division 阶层差异；文化差异；性别差异；意识形态差异；种族差异 
to heal divisions 弥合裂隙
a first-division team 甲级队 
lightweight division（拳击等运动中的）轻量级 
division game（美）同级别的比赛 
the senior division of the chess league 国际象棋联赛高级组比赛
airborne, armoured/armored, infantry division 空降师；装甲师；步兵师 
division commander 师长 
division headquarters 师部
A hedge forms the division between their land and ours. 他们的土地与我们的土地之间以一道树篱隔开。
The Bill was read without a division. 议案未经分组表决就宣读通过了。

n. [U] 文学；文学作品:
n. [U]（旨在销售产品或提出建议的）书面资料:
n. [U] 某一学科的文献、资料、著作:
literature |['lɪtərɪtʃə]
Chinese literature 中国文学 
popular literature 大众文学 
classic works of literature 经典文学作品
promotional, sales literature 促销资料；推销资料 
literature about the new product 有关这款新产品的宣传资料 
I picked up some literature about pensions. 我偶然得到一些关于退休金的资料。
the literature on economic policy 关于经济政策的文献 
historical, medical, scientific literature 历史文献；医学文献；科学文献 
professional（尤美）, scholarly literature 专业文献；学术文献

n. [C] [英] 医院中级别最高的医生（是某一医学领域的专家），即高级顾问医师:
n. [C] consultant (on sth) 在某一学科领域拥有丰富的专业知识，并受雇为其他人在该学科上提供咨询的人，即顾问:
consultant |[kən'sʌltənt]
consultant cardiologist, consultant surgeon 心脏病顾问医师；外科顾问医师 
a consultant in psychiatry 精神科顾问医师 
hospital consultant 医院顾问医师
business, campaign（尤美）, financial, technical, technology consultant 商业顾问；竞选顾问；金融顾问；技术顾问 
outside consultant 外部顾问 
a firm of management consultants 管理咨询公司 
the President’s consultant on economic affairs 总统的经济事务顾问 
senior consultant 高级顾问 
a consultant in design 设计顾问 
They work as consultants to a software company. 他们担任一家软件公司的顾问。

n. [C] ~ (of sth) 为某事付出的代价:
n. 1 [C] 在体育运动中对犯规者的判罚、处罚:
2 [C]（足球和其他类似体育运动中的）点球、罚点球得分:
n. [C] ~ (for sth)（对犯罪、违反罪责、违反合同、犯错等实施的）惩罚、处罚、刑罚:
n. [C] ~ (of sth) 某事的坏处、害处、不利之处:
penalty |[ˈpenəlti]
He's now paying the penalty for his misspent youth. 现在他要为虚度青春付出代价。
You must accept the penalty for your rash actions. 你必须为你的鲁莽行为付出代价。
Why should I pay the penalty for somebody else's mistake? 为什么我要代人受过？
He incurred a ten-second penalty in the first round. 他在第一轮受到停赛十秒钟的处罚。
controversial, disputed, dodgy（英，非正式）, dubious 有争议的点球；可疑的点球 
winning penalty 制胜的点球 
well-struck penalty 踢得非常好的点球 
missed penalty 没有踢进的点球 
first-half, injury-time, second-half penalty 上半场的点球；伤停补时阶段的点球；下半场的点球 
early, late penalty 开场不久的点球；临近终场的点球 
last-minute penalty 最后关头的点球 
12th-minute 第12分钟的点球 
They were leading until Cole gave away a penalty. 在科尔送出一粒点球之前他们一直领先。
We were unlucky not to get a penalty. 很不幸，我们没得到点球机会。
Owen scored from a first-half penalty. 欧文上半场点球得分。
Ricketts netted his third penalty of the season to put his team ahead. 里基茨打进了他本赛季的第三粒点球，使他的球队领先。
penalty area, penalty box, penalty corner, penalty spot 罚球区；受罚席；罚球区角；罚球点 
penalty award 获点球 
penalty kick 踢点球 
penalty shoot-out 点球决胜负 
penalty goal 点球得分 
Jonathan Davies scored a penalty goal. 乔纳森·戴维斯点球得分。
penalty miss 点球罚失 
penalty save 点球的扑救 
penalty taker 点球主罚者 
penalty chance, penalty opportunity 点球机会 
penalty attempt 想制造点球 
They won, thanks to a late penalty from Fry. 他们靠弗赖伊临近终场的一粒点球赢得了比赛胜利。
Two minutes later Ford equalized with a penalty. 两分钟后，福特以一记点球将比分扳平。
We were awarded a penalty after a late tackle. 对方铲球犯规后，我们得到了一个点球。
I volunteered to take the penalty (= be the person who tries to score the goal/point). 我自愿主罚点球。
He missed a penalty in the last minute of the game. 在比赛的最后一刻，他罚失了点球。
Referee Michael Reed had no hesitation in awarding a penalty. 裁判迈克尔·里德毫不犹豫地判了点球。          
to impose a penalty 予以惩罚 
harsh, heavy, hefty, severe, stiff, strict, substantial, tough penalty 严厉的处罚；重罚；严惩 
draconian penalty 严厉的处罚 
light penalty 轻罚 
maximum, minimum penalty 最重的处罚；最轻的处罚 
Assault carries a maximum penalty of seven years' imprisonment. 侵犯人身罪可判处最高七年的监禁。
The maximum penalty is up to 7 years imprisonment or an unlimited fine. 最高处罚是最多7年监禁或者无上限罚款。
ultimate penalty 极刑 
These crimes carried with them the ultimate penalty of execution. 这些罪行导致他们被处以极刑。
a new system of fixed penalties for most traffic offences（fixed为英式用法）一套新的适用于大多数交通违章的定额罚款系统 
mandatory penalty 强制性处罚 
The legislation sanctions harsh mandatory penalties for weapons possession. 法规批准对持有武器实行严厉制裁。
financial, monetary, tax penalty 经济处罚；罚款；税务罚款 
the heavy financial penalties of paying of the loan early 为提前还清贷款而交纳的巨额罚款 
exit, redemption penalty（均英）按揭退出费；解除抵押罚金 
There are redemption penalties if you pay off the mortgage early. 如果提前还清按揭，要付解约费。
civil, criminal 民事处罚；刑事处罚 
the movement for the abolition of the death penalty 争取废除死刑的运动 
calls to restore the death penalty 对恢复死刑的呼时 
One of those arrested could face the death penalty. 被捕的那些人中有一人可能被判死刑。
The penalty handed down was disproportionate to the crime committed. 被判处的刑罚与所犯罪行不相称。
From time to time, the death penalty was exacted for murder.（exact为正式用法）犯谋杀罪者有时被执行死刑。
Some lenders charge heavy penalties for early settlement.（charge尤为英式用法）有些贷款人对提前还清贷款收取巨额罚金。
The penalty for travelling without a ticket is £200. 无票乘车的罚款为200英镑。
You can withdraw money from the account at any time without penalty. 您可以随时从账户中提款，不收罚金。
He was seeking financial penalties against the company. 他正谋求对该公司处以罚款。
Contractors who fall behind schedule incur heavy financial penalties. 承包商如延误工期将被处以巨额罚款。
crimes which carry severe penalties 要受严惩的罪行 
Credit card companies will waive penalties for flood victims who are unable to pay on time. 信用卡公司将免除无法按时还款的水灾灾民的滞纳金。
penalty fee 罚款 
penalty notice, penalty ticket（均英）罚款通知单 
You will be given a fixed penalty notice if you fail to renew insurance on time. 如您未能及时续保，您将收到定额罚款通知书。
penalty fine（英）
There is a fixed penalty fine of £50 for allowing your dog to foul public places. 狗在公共场所排便要被处以 50 英镑的定额罚款。
penalty point（英）违章驾驶罚分 
Penalty points are given to drivers who speed. 超速行驶的司机要被扣违章分。
penalty payment（尤英）罚款缴付 
penalty clause（尤英）处罚条款 
a penalty clause in a contract 合同中的惩罚条款 
penalty system 罚款制度 
The Romans prohibited the teaching of the Torah on penalty of death. 罗马人禁止讲授《摩西五经》，违者处死。
The application should be signed under penalty of perjury. 申请应签字，否则以伪证罪论处。
He threatened stiffer penalties on young offenders. 他扬言要对未成年犯施加更严厉的处罚。
One of the penalties of fame is loss of privacy. 成名的弊端之一是失掉了隐私。
He's now paying the penalty for his misspent youth. 现在他要为虚度青春付出代价。
People who lose their jobs are suffering the penalties for longer periods. 失业者遭受的痛苦时间更长。 
You must accept the penalty for your rash actions. 你必须为你的鲁莽行为付出代价。
Why should I pay the penalty for somebody else's mistake? 为什么我要代人受过？
It's a penalty of us being girls--sons have an easy time. 这是我们身为女孩的弊端——男孩子们过得轻松。

n. [sing., U]（对某事物的缺点或错误所进行的）批评或指责:
n. [C, U] comment (about/on sth) 就…所说出（或写出）的观点或解释，即评论，议论；解释。是此义的常规用词:
vt.＆vi. comment (on/upon sth) 就某事表达观点或意见，即评论，议论:
comment |['kɒment]
a comment on education policy 对教育政策的批评 
Highly critical comments have been made about the conduct of some politicians. 一些政客的行为受到了十分严厉的批评。
There was a lot of comment about his behaviour. 对他的行为有很多的议论。
Have you any comment to make about the cause of the disaster? 对于此次灾难的原因您有何评论？
no comment 无可奉告 
political, social comment 政治评论；社会评论 
a general comment on the weather 天气概述 
to invite comments from parents 向父母征求意见 
She made helpful comments on my work. 她对我的工作提出了有益的意见。
The president refused to comment on the affair. 总统拒绝就此事做出评论。
She commented to me that she liked it. 她对我表示喜欢它。
He commented that levels of carbon dioxide were very high. 他称二氧化碳的含量很高。
‘Not his best performance,’ she commented to the woman sitting next to her.“这不是他的最佳表现。”她对坐在她旁边的女士议论道。

adj. 常作前置定语，指非常大的:
n. [C] 一场重要的体育比赛，尤指高尔夫球或网球比赛:
n. [pl.] [美] the majors 在体育领域可指彼此进行比赛的一些专业体育队伍（尤指棒球队），可叫大联盟或职业总会:
adj. 大调的:
n. [C]（陆军或美国空军的）少校:
n. [C] [美]（某一门学科课程的）主修学生；主修生:
adj. [美]（学校里的课程）主修的:
n. [C] [美]（学院或大学的）主修课程；专业课:
vi. [美]（在大学中）以…为专业:
adj. [美] 只作表语，指严重的:
adj. 常作前置定语，主要的（即在一个群体里或一个情况中最重要的）:
major |['meɪdӡə]
major road, major company, major problem, major change 大马路；大公司；大问题；重大改变
She became the first golfer to win all four majors. 她曾成为第一名赢得全部四场大赛的高尔夫球选手。
I just wanted a chance to prove myself in the majors. 我只是想要一个在大型职业总会中证明自己的机会。
the key of D major D大调
Major Smith 史密斯少校 
a major in the US army 美国陆军少校
She was a history major at the University of Oklahoma. 她曾是俄克拉荷马大学历史专业的学生。
Her major is French. 她的专业课是法语。
He majored in finance. 他主修金融。
Never mind--it’s not major. 别担心——这不严重。
to play a major role in sth 在某事中起主要作用 
the major factor 主要因素

n. [C] [计算机] 计算机程序的选项:
~ (to do sth) 可选择的东西；可选择做的事情:
2 [sing.] 选择的自由；选择权:
~ (to do sth)（将来的）购买权，出售权；期权:
n. [C] 选修课:
option |[ˈɒpʃn;美ˈɑ:p-]
Choose the ‘Cut’ option from the Edit menu. 从编辑选单上选“剪切”项。
As I see it, we have two options… 据我看，我们有两种选择… 
There are various options open to you. 你有多种选择。
Going to college was not an option for me. 上大学不是我可以选择的道路。
He's argued from the start that America and its allies are putting too much emphasis on the military option. 他从一开始就认为美国及其盟国过于强调军事手段。
What other options do you have? 你还有什么别的选择吗？
This particular model comes with a wide range of options (= things you can choose to have when buying sth but which you will have to pay extra for). 这一种型号的货品有很多选择。
Resignation was her only option. 辞职是她唯一的选择。
A life of chastity is not an easy option. 选择忠贞不二的生活并非易事。
He thought General Studies would be a soft option.（soft尤为英式用法）他以为选修通识学会很轻松。
policy option 可供选择的政策 
menu option（on a computer）（计算机的）菜单选项 
Look at the on-screen menu and select the 'File' option. 看屏幕上的菜单，然后选择"文件"选项。Let's look at all the options available. 让我们考虑一下现有的全部选择。
keep your options open, leave your options open (= to avoid making a decision now so that you still have a choice later）暂不作选择 
Students have the option of studying abroad in their second year. 学生在二年级时可以选择出国学习。
A savings plan that gives you the option to vary your monthly payments. 一项允许你每月自由存款的储蓄方案。
Criminals are given the option of going to jail or facing public humiliation. 罪犯可以选择要么坐牢，要么遭受当众羞辱。
We had no option but to abandon the meeting. 我们别无选择，只有放弃这次会面。
We had no option but to leave without them. 我们别无选择，只好没等他们自己先走了。
You have the option of working full-time or part-time. 你可以选择全职或兼职。
He was jailed without the option of a fine. 他被判入狱，不得以罚款代替。
We have an option on the house. 我们有权购买这所房子。
The property is for rent with an option to buy at any time. 这房子供出租，但可随时买下。
He has promised me first option on his car (= the opportunity to buy it before anyone else). 他答应我可以优先买他的汽车。
share options (= the right to buy shares in a company) 认股选择权 
Each bank has granted the other an option on 19.9% of its shares. 两家银行都同意给予对方其19.9%股份的期权。
The course offers options in design and computing. 这一学程开了设计和计算机技术的选修科目。
Several options are offered for the student's senior year. 为毕业班学生开设了几门选修课。

partcipate in social activities; mix socially with others:参加社交活动；与他人交往
make (someone) behave in a way that is acceptable to their society:make（某人）以他们的社会可以接受的方式行事
organize according to the principles of socialism:按照社会主义原则组织
socialize |ˈsəʊʃəlʌɪz| Verb/:社交,社会化
he didn't mind socializing with his staff:他不介意与他的员工交往
newcomers are socialized into orthodox ways:newcomers以正统的方式被社会化
socializing the economy began by nationalizing industries:社会化经济始于国有化工业

n. 1 [C] [美]（提供某方面信息的）办事处，办公室，机构:
2 [C]（公司或组织机构在其它国家或地区的）办事处:
n. [C] [英]（附有抽屉和折叠式桌面的）书桌、写字台:
n. [C] [美，美式也可用bureau或dresser] 一种低矮的、有抽屉的衣柜（可以装衣物和其它东西），相当于chest of drawers:
n. [C] 美国政府部门的下属部门，如局、处、科:
bureau |[ˈbjʊərəʊ;美ˈbjʊroʊ]
an employment bureau 职业介绍所 
the Citizens' Advice Bureau 市民咨询局 
the Wall Street Journal's Washington bureau《华尔街日报》华盛顿分社 
The bureau handles millions of requests each year. 该办事处每年处理数百万项请求。
bureau staff 办事处职员 
bureau chief 办事处负责人
the Federal Bureau of Investigation 联邦调查局 
the US Bureau of Prisons 美国监狱管理局 
federal, government bureau（均美）联邦办公署；政府办公署 
census bureau 人口普查局 
credit bureau 信贷处 
news bureau 新闻局 
convention bureau 会展局 
visitors bureau 旅游观光局

budget sth (at sth) 指谨慎花钱，计划为某一目的而花钱，即把…编入预算:
adj.（用于广告等）省钱的，价格低廉的，只作前置定语:
n. [C, U] 预算:
budget |['bʌdӡɪt]
vt.＆vi. budget (sth) (for sth) 
If we budget carefully, we should be able to afford a new car. 如果我们精打细算，应该能买得起一辆新车。
We have budgeted $10 000 for advertising. 我们已经在广告方面编制了1万美元的预算。
I’ve budgeted for two new members of staff. 我已经把两名新职员名额编入预算。
budget flight, budget hotel 廉价航班；便宜的旅馆
tight budget 紧张的预算 
annual budget 年度预算 
overall, total budget 总预算 
family budget 家庭预算 
government budget 政府预算 
federal budget 联邦预算 
education, military budget 教育预算；军费预算 
advertising, research budget 广告预算；研究预算 
budget deficit 预算赤字 
budget surplus 预算盈余 
budget limit 预算限制 
draft budget 预算草案 
a budget of $500 500 美元的预算 
They went over budget. 他们超出了预算。
The film was made on a shoestring budget. 这部电影是小成本制作。

n. [C] 短促清脆的爆裂声（如弄爆气球或拔出瓶塞时的声音）:
vt.＆vi. 发出（或使发出）砰的一声:
vt. [尤英，非正式] 将某事物迅速或突然放置在某处:
vi. [非正式]（眼睛因惊讶或兴奋而）突然完全睁大:
vi. [尤英，非正式] 突然（或匆匆）去:
vi.（尤指让人意想不到地）突然出现:
n. [U] [英，非正式，过时] 冒气泡的碳酸饮料，即汽水（不含酒精）:
n. [sing.] [英，非正式] 爸爸（尤用作称呼）:
vt.＆vi. 爆裂，或使爆裂（带有砰的一声）:
vi.（乘飞机升高或降低时）耳朵内部的压力变化，即耳压变化，或耳胀:
vt. [非正式]（经常）服用大量药物:
vt. [非正式]（经常）服用大量毒品:
n. [U] 现代流行音乐:
pop |[pɒp]
to make a loud pop when cooked 炒熟的时候发出很响的爆裂声 
The cork came out of the bottle with a loud pop. 软木塞砰的一声从瓶口迸了出来。
The cork popped and shot to the ceiling. 瓶塞砰的一声冲到了天花板上。
to pop a teabag into the mug 把茶袋迅速放入杯子中 
Pop your phone on here. 把你的手机放在这上面。
He popped his head around the door and said hello. 他从门后探一探头，打了声招呼。
His eyes nearly popped out of his head. 他眼珠子快要掉出来了。
to pop in for a drink 来这儿小酌一杯 
I’ll pop over and see you next afternoon. 我明天下午赶去看你。 
A dog’s head popped out. 一只狗探出头来。
A message pops up when you move the mouse to the area. 你把鼠标移到该区域时，就会弹出一则消息。
An idea suddenly popped into his head. 他突然想到了一个主意。
a can of pop 一听碳酸饮料
Hi, pop! 喂，爸！
to pop a balloon 弄爆一个气球
to pop pills 服用大量药物 
classic, mainstream pop 经典流行音乐；主流流行音乐 
pop music, pop song 流行音乐；流行歌曲 
pop singer 流行歌手 
pop charts 流行音乐榜

n. [C] [正式]（工作上的）职位或职务，相当于post:
n. 1 [C, usually sing.] position (to do sth)（某人所处的）情况，处境，情势或状况（尤指对人有左右或支配能力的情势，即人们能做什么或不能做什么，要在一定程度上取决于该情况）:
2 [sing.]（做某事的）适当位置:
n. [C] position (on sth)（针对某一主题的）态度，也可叫立场:
n. [C] 速度比赛，各种竞赛或测试中（与其他人对比时所产生）的名次:
vt. 把…置于某个位置上，相当于place:
n. [C, U] 某事物的放置方式:
n. [C, U] 某人的坐立方式，即姿势，姿态:
n. [C] position (on sth)（针对某一主题的）观点:
n. 1 [C] …所位于的地方，即位置:
2 [U]（恰当或正确的）地方或位置:
n. [C] 速度比赛，各种竞赛或测试中（与其他人对比时所产生）的名次:
n. [C] 在一些团队性体育比赛中，可指某名队员所处的位置和其所拥有的职责，可以叫职责，位置或角色:
n. [C, usually pl.] 战争中可指阵地:
n. [C, U] 一个人与其他人（或一个组织与其他组织）相比较时所处的重要性水平，即地位，等级（主要指社会地位）:
position |[pə'zɪʃn]
to apply for the position of Sales Director 申请销售总监一职 
full-time, part-time position 全职岗位；兼职岗位 
senior position 高级职位 
junior position 初级职务 
official position 官职 
skilled position 需要技能的职位 
administrative, management position 行政职务；管理职务 
staff position 员工职位 
a faculty position at Iowa State University 在艾奥瓦州立大学的教职
business, economic, financial, legal position 商业状况；经济状况；财务状况；法律地位 
competitive position 竞争态势 
strategic position 战略地位 
bargaining, negotiating position 谈判中的地位 
trading position 贸易形势 
a difficult position 困境 
embarrassing, awkward position 尴尬的处境 
I am not in a position to comment. 我不便发表评论。
the party’s position on education reforms 该党对教育改革的态度 
She has made her position very clear. 她明确表示了自己的立场。
official, political position 官方立场；政治立场
By the ninth hour the car was running in eighth position. 比赛进行到第九个小时的时候该赛车跑在第八位。
Position the cursor where you want the new margins to begin. 将光标放在你所要的新页边空白开端。
Large television screens were positioned at either end of the stadium. 体育场的两端安装了大型电视屏幕。
She quickly positioned herself behind the desk. 她迅速在桌子后面就位。
The company is now well positioned to compete in foreign markets. 现在这家公司已准备好在国外市场竞争。
The markers were not positioned centrally. 标记没有放在中心位置。
Police marksmen were positioned on the roof. 警方的神枪手布置在屋顶上。
Keep the box in an upright position. 把盒子竖着放。
kneeling, sitting, standing position 跪姿；坐姿；站姿 
sleeping, lying position 睡姿；卧姿 
foetal position 胎位 
Make sure that you are working in a comfortable position. 工作时一定要保持舒适的姿势。
My arms were aching so I shifted (my) position slightly. 我胳膊疼了，所以稍微变了变姿势。
My parents always took the position that early nights meant healthy children. 我的父母总是认为孩子早睡就会身体健康。
ideological, philosophical, theoretical position 意识形态观点；哲学观点；理论观点
Where would be the best position for the lights? 这些灯装在什么位置最好？
geographical position 地理位置 
military, strategic position 军事位置；战略位置 
Hordes of journalists jostled for position outside the conference hall. 大批记者在会场外争抢位置。
Arrows indicate the positions of the aircraft. 箭头表示飞机的位置。
Fix the pieces in position before gluing them together. 先将各部分的位置摆好，再用胶水粘起来。
Is everybody in position? 大家都就位了吗？
Please get into position. 请各就各位。
The guards took up their positions on either side of the door. 卫兵们在门两边站好。
United’s win moved them up to third position. 联队的胜利使他们排名升至第三。
By the ninth hour the car was running in eighth position. 比赛进行到第九个小时的时候该赛车跑在第八位。
What position does he play? 他打哪个位置？
They attacked the enemy positions at dawn. 黎明时分，他们向敌军阵地发起进攻。
Wealth and position were not important to her. 财富与地位对她并不重要。
social position 社会地位 
a position of authority, a position of power, a position of influence 有权势的地位；有影响力的地位 
her pre-eminent position among today’s writers 她在当代作家中的杰出地位 
The firm gained a dominant position in the market. 公司获得了市场的主导地位。

inexpensive; reasonably priced:便宜；合理的价格
affordable |əˈfɔːdəbl| Adjective/:负担得起的,实惠
affordable homes:经济适用房

n. [C, U] 职能:
n. [C, U] 作用，功能，机能，职能。是“功能”的常规用词:
vi.（作为某物而）起作用:
vi.（系统等）运转。与operate存在较大的交集，不过function更强调“发挥作用”:
n. [C] 大型正式的社交宴会。不常用:
n. [C] 大型正式的社交聚会。不常用:
n. [C] 在计算机的一个程序中，可指该程序下执行一项基本操作的一个子程序，即子例行程序，子例程:
n. [C] 函数:
vi.（机器）运转。是一个相对正式的用法:
n. [C, U] 身体功能，机能。是此义的一个基础用词，较为常用:
vi.（身体）运转:
function |['fʌŋkʃn]
All members carry out their own particular functions. 所有成员都有各自的职责要履行。
form and function 形式和功能 
The committee has a dual function, both advisory and regulatory. 这个委员会具有咨询和监管双重职能。
All members carry out their own particular functions. 所有成员都有各自的职责要履行。
The club serves a useful function as a meeting place. 这个俱乐部是一个会面的好地方。
This room will function as a office. 这间屋子将作为一间办公室。 
a system in which judges function independently of politics 一套使法官行使其职权时完全不受政治影响的体制 
The organization functions primarily through volunteer efforts. 这个组织主要通过志愿者发挥作用。
This model does not describe accurately the way a market economy actually functions. 这一模型没有准确地说明市场经济实际是怎样运行的。
The city is still functioning. 这座城市仍在运转。
a private function hosted by him 由他做东的一场私人宴会 
functions such as weddings 如婚宴等的社交宴会
charity, official, social function 慈善活动；官方活动；社交活动 
the hotel’s function room 酒店的多功能厅
Salary is a function of age and experience.（比喻用法）工资水平取决于年龄和经验。
a functioning computer 一台功能正常的电脑 
All the instruments were functioning normally. 所有仪器都在正常工作。
brain, liver, mental function 脑功能；肝功能；心智功能 
I can’t function properly without a coffee. 不喝咖啡我无法正常工作。
Problems arise when the body’s immune system is not functioning adequately. 免疫系统不能充分发挥作用时，身体就会出现问题。
My brain could barely function through the pain. 我疼得大脑几乎无法思考了。

vt. ~ sb/sth (as sth) 以某种方式理解…，如看作、视为、认为:
vt. 注意到、觉察到（尤指不明显的东西）:
vt. 意识到（尤指不明显的东西）:
perceive |[pəˈsi:v;美pərˈs-]
This discovery was perceived as a major breakthrough. 这一发现被视为一项重大突破。
She did not perceive herself as disabled. 她没有把自己看成残疾人。
They were widely perceived to have been unlucky. 人们普遍认为他们的运气不佳。
Stress is widely perceived as contributing to coronary heart disease. 压力被广泛认为是导致冠心病的一个因素。
The General's words were perceived as a threat by neighbouring countries. 将军说的话被邻国看作是一种威胁。
It is widely perceived as a women's health problem, but it does also affect men. 这被广泛看作是女性健康问题，但实际上也影响男性。           
to dimly perceive the baby in the presence of a huge shape 隐约注意到婴儿胎位的大形状 
the world of directly perceived objects 直接感知的物质世界 
I perceived a change in his behaviour. 我注意到他举止有些改变。
The patient was perceived to have difficulty in breathing. 发现病人呼吸困难。
'Precisely what other problems do you perceive?' she asked. “你究竟还发现了什么问题？”她问道。
Risks are perceived differently by different people. 不同的人对风险的感知程度不同。
The industrial bias of canal building can be readily perceived by looking at Figure 7.3. 从图7.3中可以很容易地看出开凿运河主要出于工业目的。
She perceived that all was not well. 她意识到并非一切都顺利。
A key task is to get pupils to perceive for themselves the relationship between success and effort. 关键任务是让学生们自己认识到成功和努力之间的关系。
The remedy for the problem was only dimly perceived by scientists until recently. 直到最近科学家们才隐约意识到解决该问题的办法。

n. [U] 指一个人不轻易向其他人谈论自己的想法、感情等的一种性格，即内向，矜持，与reticence近义:
vt. reserve sth (for sb/sth) 保留看法:
n. [U] 直到非常确定…是对的，才接受或同意…，即谨慎，是一种正式用法:
n. [C] 常用复数，表示储备或储藏:
vt. reserve sth (for sb/sth) 保留…，以使其不被其他人（或不因其它理由而被）使用:
n. [C] 为北美的土著人划出的居留地，保留地，也可用reservation，二者未见明显差别:
n. [C] 常用复数，表示储备或储藏:
vt. reserve sth (for sb/sth) 保留…，以使其不被其他人（或不因其它理由而被）使用:
n. [C] 体育运动的替补队员或后备队员；the reserves为复数名词，指替补队或后备队:
n. [C] 英国英语中还指卖家能接受的最低价格，尤指在拍卖中的最低价:
n. [C] 常用复数，（资源、货币或黄金的）储备:
vt. 1 reserve sth (for sb/sth) 预订座位、席位、房间等。相当于book:
2 reserve sth (for sb/sth) 保留…，以使其不被其他人（或不因其它理由而被）使用:
n. [C] the reserve或the reserves也指军事中的预备役部队:
vt. 持有或保留某种权利:
n. [C] 北美也用preserve，因动植物等而受保护的一片区域，即自然保护区:
reserve |[rɪ'zə:v][rɪ'zə:v]
She found it difficult to make friends because of her natural reserve. 她因天性矜持而很难交到朋友。
I’d prefer to reserve (my) judgement until I know all the facts. 在了解全部事实之前我不想发表意见。
Any contract should be treated with reserve until it has been checked. 任何契约在经过核实之前都应谨慎对待。
She trusted him without reserve. 她完全信任他。
currency, gold, dollar reserve 货币储备；黄金储备；美元储备 
reserve funds, reserve account 储备金；准备金账户 
coal, energy, fuel reserve 煤炭储备；能源储备；燃料储备 
food, fat reserve 食物储备；脂肪储备 
reserve tanks 备用油箱 
The rail company has two trains in service and one in reserve. 这家铁路公司有两辆正在营运的列车和一辆备用列车。
The crack troops were held in reserve behind the front line. 精锐部队部署在前线后方。
It took my last reserves of strength and will to swim to the lifeboat. 我用尽了最后的力气和意志向救生艇游去。
She had hidden reserves of courage. 她内心蕴藏着勇气。
These seats are reserved for special guests. 这些座位是留给贵宾的。
The parking spaces are reserved for customers. 这些停车位是供顾客使用的。
a ceremony normally reserved for heads of state 通常仅为国家元首举行的仪式
currency, gold, dollar reserve 货币储备；黄金储备；美元储备 
reserve funds, reserve account 储备金；准备金账户 
coal, energy, fuel reserve 煤炭储备；能源储备；燃料储备 
food, fat reserve 食物储备；脂肪储备 
reserve tanks 备用油箱 
The rail company has two trains in service and one in reserve. 这家铁路公司有两辆正在营运的列车和一辆备用列车。
The crack troops were held in reserve behind the front line. 精锐部队部署在前线后方。
It took my last reserves of strength and will to swim to the lifeboat. 我用尽了最后的力气和意志向救生艇游去。
She had hidden reserves of courage. 她内心蕴藏着勇气。
These seats are reserved for special guests. 这些座位是留给贵宾的。
The parking spaces are reserved for customers. 这些停车位是供顾客使用的。
a ceremony normally reserved for heads of state 通常仅为国家元首举行的仪式
to play in reserve（英）做替补队员 
reserve team 替补队 
reserve goalkeeper（英）替补守门员
capital, cash, currency, foreign-exchange, gold reserve 资本储备；现金储备；货币储备；外汇储备；黄金储备 
dollar reserve 美元储备 
reserve funds 储备金 
reserve account 准备金账户 
energy, oil reserve 能源储备；石油储备
to reserve a table for two 预订一个二人桌位 
to reserve a room in the name of Tom 以汤姆的名字预订一个房间 
These seats are reserved for special guests. 这些座位是留给贵宾的。
The star has a ski slope reserved exclusively for her. 这位明星有一个专门留给她的滑雪场地。
The parking spaces are reserved for customers. 这些停车位是给顾客预留的。
air-force, army, naval reserve 空军预备役；陆军预备役；海军预备役 
strategic reserve 战略预备役部队 
reserve army, reserve force, reserve police 后备军；预备役部队；后备警察部队 
reserve unit 预备役分队 
reserve officer, reserve troops 预备役军官；预备役部队 
reserve duty 预备役
The management reserves the right to refuse admission. 管理部门有权拒绝接收。
All rights reserved.（法律用语）版权所有。
national reserve 国家级保护区 
bird（英）, forest, marine, natural, nature, wildlife reserve 鸟类保护区；森林保护区；海洋保护区；自然保护区；野生动植物保护区

n. 1 [U] ~ (in sth)（新事物、思想或方法的）创造；创新:
2 [C] ~ (in sth)（创造的或新发现的）新思想、新方法:
innovation |[ˌɪnəˈveɪʃn]
We must promote originality and encourage innovation. 我们必须提倡创意，鼓励革新。
architectural, artistic, cultural, educational, industrial, musical, organizational, scientific, stylistic, technical, technological innovation 建筑创新；艺术创新；文化创新；教育创新；工业创新；音乐创新；组织创新；科学创新；风格创新；技术创新 
design, policy, product innovation 设计创新；政策革新；产品创新 
Too strict a regulatory system will stifle innovation. 过度严格的管理体制会扼杀创新。
innovation process创新过程 
innovation in engineering 工程方面的创新 
The vegetarian burger was an innovation which was rapidly exported to Britain. 素食汉堡是一种迅速传到了英国的新开发食品。
recent innovations in steel-making technology 
innovations in machinery and instruments 机械和工具方面的创新 
scientific, technical, technological innovation 科学创新；工艺革新；技术创新等 
methodological innovation 方法上的创新 
His last novel pays tribute to Joyce's stylistic innovations. 他的上一部小说是向乔伊斯的风格创新的致敬之作。
She believed she had come up with one of the greatest innovations of modern times. 她相信自己提出的革新思想是当代最伟大的思想之一。
Many innovations were introduced by the 1919 Act. 很多创新都是由1919年的法案引入的。
technological innovations designed to save energy 旨在节约能源的技术革新

adj. 警惕的、警觉的:
n. [sing., U] 警戒、警惕、戒备:
vt. [常用被动式] 使警觉、使警惕:
n. [C] 警报:
vt. [常用被动式] 向某人发出危险或紧急警报:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb to sth 使某人意识到某事:
adj. ~ to sth 意识到、注意到（尤指意识到一个问题或危险）:
alert |[əˈlɜ:t;美əˈlɜ:rt]
Suddenly he found himself awake and fully alert. 突然他发觉自己醒了过来，而且高度警觉。
Two alert scientists spotted the mistake. 两个警觉的科学家发现了这个错误。
We all have to stay alert. 我们大家都必须保持警惕。
He had been spotted by an alert neighbour. 一个警觉的邻居发现了他。
The machine should help to keep the pilot alert. 机器会帮助飞行员保持警惕。
There was a noise outside and he was suddenly alert. 外面有声响，他突然警觉起来。
He was as mentally alert as a man half his age. 他像年龄小他一半的人一样机警。
Police are warning the public to be on the alert for suspicious packages. 警方警告公众要警惕可疑包裹。
Soldiers and police have been put on alert. 士兵和警方都已进入警戒状态。
More than 5 000 troops have been placed on (full) alert. 5 000多名士兵已处于（全面）戒备状态。
Due to a security alert, this train will not be stopping at Oxford Circus. 由于安全戒备的原因，该次列车在“牛津街口广场”站将不停留。
The country has put its troops on high alert. 该国部队处于高度戒备状态。
Thousands of police were put on full alert at all main roads leading to the city. 在通向该城市的所有主要道路上有特派的数千警察全面戒备。
The army was yesterday placed on a state of alert in case of more riots. 军队昨天处于戒备状态以防出现更多的暴乱。
yellow, amber, orange, red alert 黄色戒备等级；橙色戒备等级；红色戒备等级 
His sudden disappearance triggered a red alert among his friends. 他的突然失踪让朋友们都紧张起来。
nationwide alert 全国范围的紧急戒备状态 
You should always be on the alert for anyone who looks suspicious. 你们应该时刻密切注意形迹可疑的人。
They want to be on the alert for similar buying opportunities. 他们希望随时掌握有关类似购买机会的信息。
Alerted by a noise downstairs, he sat up and turned on the light. 楼下的响声使他警觉，他坐起来打开灯。
He wanted to alert people to the activities of the group. 他想提醒人们小心该团体的活动。
bomb, fire, flood, pollution, security, terror alert 轰炸警报；火灾警报；洪水警报；污染警报；安全警报；恐怖袭击警报 
A security alert was issued after four men escaped from the prison. 四名罪犯越狱后，当局发出安全警报。
Receive regular email alerts about breaking news. 定时接收有关爆料式新闻的电子邮件提醒。
They rang the bells to sound the alert. 他们敲响了钟，发出警报。
The alert was called off when it was found that the bomb was not live. 发现炸弹未装炸药时，警报就解除了。
A nationwide alert went out for three escaped prisoners. 全国范围内发出了警报，搜捕三名越狱逃犯。
Neighbours quickly alerted the emergency services. 邻居很快向紧急情况服务部门报了警。
I was hoping he'd alert the police. 我当时希望他会报警。
He wanted to alert people to the activities of the group. 他想提醒人们小心该团体的活动。
They had been alerted to the possibility of further price rises. 他们已意识到价格可能继续上涨。
The bank is alert to the danger. 银行充分意识到了危险。
Climbers need to be alert to possible dangers. 登山者需要对可能存在的危险保持警惕。

cautious (about doing sth)（尤指为避免危险或错误而对自己所说的话或所做的事）小心的，谨慎的；不冒任何风险的:
cautious |['kɔ:ʃəs]
adj. cautious (about sb/sth) 
He was very cautious about committing himself to anything. 他谨小慎微，从不轻易表态。
The government has been cautious in its response to the report. 政府对此报道反应谨慎。
They’ve taken a very cautious approach. 他们采取了十分谨慎的态度。
cautious optimism 谨慎的乐观 
to be cautious about spending money 花钱慎重

vt.（用文字、影像或声音等）记录或记载…的细节或详情:
n. [C] 含有文本的计算机文档。在含义上隶属于file:
n. [C] 官方或正式的文件（可提供…的信息，或可用作证据或证明），即文件；公文；文献；证件等。是一个基础用词，含义极广:
vt. 用文件证明…:
document |['dɒkjumənt]
Causes of the disease have been well documented. 这种疾病的起因已有了完备的记载。
He wrote a book documenting his prison experiences. 他写了一本书，记录他的牢狱经历。
electronic document 电子文件 
Save the document before closing. 关闭前要保存文件。
court, government, legal, official document 法庭文件；政府文件；法律文件；官方文件 
policy document 政策文件 
travel document 旅行证件 
contract document 合同文件 
guidance document 指导性文件 
historical document 历史文献 
internal document 内部文件 
original document 原始文件 
attached document 作为附件的文件 
confidential, sensitive document 机密文件；敏感文件
documented evidence 有文件证明的证据

describe the distinctive nature or features of:描述独特的性质或特征
(of a feature or quality) be typical or characteristic of:（一个特征或质量的）是典型的或特征的
characterize |ˈkarɪktərʌɪz| Verb/:,刻画
she characterized the period as the decade of revolution:she将这一时期描述为革命的十年
the disease is characterized by weakening of the immune system:该病的特点是免疫系统减弱

vt. 1（尤指通过长期的努力）达到某一目标、地位或标准，相当于attain。是一个常规用词:
2 成功做成某事或成功使得（如引起、造成）某事发生，即成功完成，相当于accomplish:
vi. 成功:
achieve |[ə'tʃi:v]
He had finally achieved success. 他终于获得了成功。
to achieve his target  实现他的目标 
I haven’t achieved very much today. 我今天没做成多少事。
All you’ve achieved is to upset my parents. 你唯一做到的就是使我的父母难过。
to achieve at school 在学校学有所成

vt. [正式] address (yourself to) sth 思考一个问题或情况，并决定如何去处理，即设法处理，对付或解决。也较为常用:
vt. address sb (as sth) 对某人说话（或写东西给此人）的时候，对其冠以某个名字或头衔，即称呼（某人）:
n. [C]（某人居住或工作的）地址:
n. [C] 用计算机查找信息时所使用的一个地址（是一串文字和符号，如互联网地址）:
n. [C] 在听众或观众前所做的正式讲话，即演说或演讲。场合较为正式而庄重，演讲人通常具有很高的地位:
vt. 对一群人做正式演讲，演说。且一定是正式演说，场合通常也较为庄重:
address sth to sb 直接向某人说…:
vt. address sth (to sb/sth) 常用被动式，在信封等上面写上收信人、收信公司等的姓名和地址；也可指致函给…:
n. [C]（信件可以被邮寄到的）地址:
address |[ə'dres]
Your essay does not address the real issues. 你的论文没有论证实质问题。
We must address ourselves to the problem of traffic pollution. 我们必须设法解决交通污染问题。
These concerns were not adequately addressed in the report. 这些问题在报告中没有得到足够的关注。
The judge should be addressed as ‘Your Honour’. 对法官应该称“法官大人”。
She did not address him by name. 她没有直呼他的名字。
name and address 姓名和地址 
home address 住址 
people of no fixed address 没有固定居所的人 
email address 电子邮件地址 
Internet, Web, website address 互联网网址；网址；网站地址
commencement（美）, farewell（尤美）, inaugural, keynote, opening address 毕业典礼讲话；告别讲话；就职演说；主旨演讲；开幕词 
welcoming address 欢迎辞 
public address 公开讲话 
radio, television address 广播讲话；电视讲话 
election address 竞选演说 
presidential address 总统演说 
to address a meeting 在会议上发表演讲
I was surprised when he addressed me in English. 他用英语跟我说话，我很诧异。
Any questions should be addressed to your teacher. 任何问题都应该向你的老师求教。
He never addressed her directly. 他从不直接跟她讲话。
He addressed his comments to the chairman. 他把意见说给主席听。
The letter was correctly addressed, but delivered to the wrong house. 信上的姓名地址写得都对，但被错投到另一家去了。
Address your application to the Personnel Manager. 把你的申请信寄给人事经理。
people of no fixed address 没有固定居所的人 
home, private address 住址；私人住址 
business address 办公地址 
contact address 联系地址 
forwarding, return address（邮件的）转寄地址；回寄地址 
postal address（尤英）邮寄地址 
billing address 账单寄送地址 
full address 详细地址 
false address 错误的地址

n. [C, usually sing.] ~ (to/for sb) 鼓舞人心的人（或事物）:
n. [C, usually sing.] ~ (for sth) 使人产生灵感或动机的人或事物，即灵感的来源、原型:
~ (for sth) 灵感:
2 [C, usually sing., U] 突然想到的好主意:
inspiration |[ˌɪnspəˈreɪʃn]
Her charity work is an inspiration to us all. 她的慈善工作激励着我们大家。
Powell's unusual journey to high office is an inspiration to millions. 鲍威尔升任高官的不寻常历程对数以百万计的人都是一个激励。
She was a great inspiration. She was the person who impressed us with the importance of research. 她极大地鼓舞了我们，让我们深刻了解到研究的重要性。
She's been a great inspiration to me. 她一直是给我极大鼓舞的人。
He says my sister was the inspiration for his heroine. 他说我姐姐是他的女主人公的原型。
His wife was the direct inspiration for the main character in the book. 正是他的妻子使他产生了灵感，塑造出了这本书的主人公。
India's myths and songs are the inspiration for her books. 印度的神话与歌曲是她那些书的灵感来源。
The sea has provided an inspiration for many of his paintings. 大海为他的很多作品提供了灵感。
The inspiration behind the reforms was a paper written in 1985. 改革的想法源于 1985 年的一篇论文。
He was the inspiration behind last week's victory. 他是上周所获胜利的灵魂人物。       
Dreams can be a rich source of inspiration for an artist. 梦境可以成为艺术家灵感的丰富源泉。
Both poets drew their inspiration from the countryside. 两位诗人都是从乡村得到他们的灵感。
The movement draws much of its inspiration from the Greek philosophers. 这一运动从古希腊哲学家那里吸取了大量的灵感。
Many of us found inspiration in her teaching. 我们当中很多人都从她的教学中获得启发。
Where did you get the inspiration for the book? 你这本书的灵感来自哪里?
Looking for inspiration for a new dessert? Try this recipe. 正在寻找制作新式甜食的灵感吗？试试这份食谱吧。
My inspiration comes from poets like Baudelaire and Jacques Prévert. 我的灵感源于像波德莱尔和雅克·普雷韦这样的诗人。
What better way of finding inspiration for your own garden than by visiting others. 还有什么比参观别人花园更好的获取灵感、扮靓自家花园的方法呢。
Her latest book owes its inspiration to childhood memories. 她新书的灵感来源于童年的记忆。
He peered into his glass, as if seeking inspiration there. 他仔细端详着玻璃杯，好像要从中寻觅灵感。
artistic, creative, musical, poetic inspiration 艺术灵感；创作灵感；音乐灵感；诗歌灵感 
He had an inspiration: he'd give her a dog for her birthday. 他突然想到一个好主意，他要送她一条狗作为生日礼物。
It came to me in a flash of inspiration. 那是我灵机一动想到的。
In a flash of inspiration, I decided to paint the whole house white. 我灵机一动，决定把整个房子刷成白色。
One day the inspiration just came. 总有一天会来灵感的。
I had to wait until inspiration struck. 我不得不等待灵感闪现。

n. [C] 提供某一服务的一家公司或机构，尤指（其他公司或机构的）代理机构:
n. [C] [尤美] 提供某一服务的政府部门:
agency |['eɪdӡənsɪ]['eɪdӡənsɪ]
commercial, private agency 商业机构；私人机构 
adopting, dating, travel agency 收养所；婚介所；旅行社 
news, press agency 通讯社 
ad, marketing agency 广告公司；销售代理公司 
employment agency 职业介绍所 
He found a job through an agency. 他通过中介成功找到了工作。
official agency 官方机构 
federal, government, governmental, public, state agency 联邦机构；政府机构；公立机构；国家机构 
regulatory agency 监管机构 
UN agency 联合国机构 
the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) （美国）中央情报局 
aid, health, welfare（尤美）agency 救援机构；卫生机构；福利机构

vt. 仔细规划、构想、准备、制订:
vt. 制作、制造:
vt. 准备:
vt. 制订:
vt. 确切表达（想法、观点）:
formulate |[ˈfɔ:mjuleɪt;美ˈfɔ:rm-]
to formulate a policy, to formulate a theory, to formulate a proposal 制订政策；创立理论；准备建议 
Little by little, he formulated his plan for escape. 他一点一点地设计构思出了逃跑的方案。
The compost is specially formulated for pot plants. 此混合肥料专门用于盆栽植物。
This new kitchen cleaner is formulated to cut through grease and dirt. 这种新的厨房清洁剂能去除油渍和污垢。
products that are specially formulated for safe use on leather 为保证安全地用于皮革上而经过专门处理的产品
to formulate a proposal 准备建议
to formulate a policy, to formulate a theory 制订政策；创立理论
She has lots of good ideas, but she has difficulty formulating them. 她有很多好的想法，但就是不善于表达。
I was impressed by the way he could formulate his ideas. 他陈述观点的方式让我印象深刻。
His ideas are always very carefully formulated. 他总是非常认真地阐述自己的想法。

n. 1 [C] 命中注定的事（尤指坏事）:
2 [U] 命运、天数、天意、定数:
fate |[feɪt]
The fate of the three men is unknown. 这三个人命运未卜。
She sat outside, waiting to find out her fate. 她坐在外面，等待命运对她做出的安排。
The court will decide our fate/fates. 法庭将决定我们的命运。
Each of the managers suffered the same fate. 每一个经理命运都是如此。
The government had abandoned the refugees to their fate. 政府抛弃了难民，让他们听天由命。
From that moment our fate was sealed (= our future was decided). 从那时起我们的命运就已经注定了。
The Russian Parliament will hold a special session later this month to decide his fate. 俄罗斯议会本月晚些时候将举行特别会议决定他的命运。
He seems for a moment to be again holding the fate of the country in his hands. 他似乎在一瞬间又一次将国家的命运握在了手中。
What an unfortunate fate the gods had condemned her to. 众神加诸她的是多么不幸的命运啊。
sad, tragic fate 悲惨的命运 
He deserves a better fate than this. 他的命运应该比这样好。
They decided to kill themselves rather than suffer a worse fate at the hands of their enemy. 他们决定宁愿自杀也不愿落在敌人的手里，那样命运会更惨。
Under-representation is the likely fate of small parties. 得不到足够的代表很可能是小党派的命运。
the almost inevitable fate awaiting gorillas and tigers 等待大猩猩和老虎的几乎无法避免的命运 
She faces an uncertain fate. 她面临着一个去确定的命运。
She broke her ankle before the big match, then suffered the same fate a month later. 大赛之前她弄伤了脚踝，一个月后她又遇到了同样的不幸。
His brother met an altogether different fate. 他哥哥的命运截然不同。
They're worried about their political fate. 他们担心自己的政治命运。
He faces a grim fate if he is sent back to his own country. 如果他被遣送回国，他的命运将会很悲惨。
He had no desire to share the fate of his executed comrades. 他不想遭受与那些被处决的同志同样的命运。
Fortunately, he was spared this cruel fate. 他有幸免遭这一残酷结局。
She managed to escape the fate of the other rebels. 她设法逃脱了其他造反者所受的惩罚。
What had he done to deserve such a terrible fate? 他到底做了什么，竟然遭受这样悲惨的命运？
The condemned men were resigned to their fate. 被判刑的人只好接受自己的命运。
Instead of just bemoaning your fate, why not do something to change it? 与其悲叹自己的命运，何不行动起来去改变它呢？
She has taken steps to control her own fate. 她已采取措施以掌控自己的命运。
He had signed his confession and sealed his own fate. 他在自己的供状上签了字，也就决定了自己的命运。
An extraordinary general meeting to decide the company's fate will be held on Thursday. 决定公司命运的特别大会将在星期四举行。
The generals abandoned the men to their fate. 将军们不再管那些士兵，让他们生死由命。
The convicts awaited their fate in prison. 已决犯在狱中等待着自己的命运。
the prophet who predicts fate and can see the future 能预测命运、预知将来的预言家 
The fate of the African wild dog hangs in the balance (= is uncertain). 非洲野狗的命运还是个未知数。
This team's fate depends on how it performs today. 该队的命运取决于它今天在比赛中的表现。
The jury held the fate of the accused in their hands. 陪审团掌握着被告的命运。
Getting married seemed a fate worse than death. 结婚似乎比死还要难受。
His fate rests in the hands of the judges. 他的命运掌握在法官们的手中。
Fate was kind to me that day. 那天我很幸运。
By a strange twist of fate, Andy and I were on the same plane. 由于命运的奇特安排，我和安迪乘坐了同一架飞机。
I see no use quarrelling with fate. 我看不出和命运抗争有什么用。
the fickleness of fate 命运的无常 
He believed that the universe was controlled by the whims of a cruel fate. 他认为宇宙由无常的天命控制着。
Fate was kind to me. 命运待我不薄。
Such coincidences are almost enough to make one believe in fate. 这样的巧合几乎足以让人相信命运。
It would be tempting fate to say that we will definitely win the game. 要说我们肯定会赢得这场比赛，还真有点儿冒险。
I have a great deal of trust and I leave everything to fate. 我很有信心，一切听天由命吧。
Fate decreed that she would never reach America. 她命中注定到不了美国。
He secretly hoped that fate would intervene and save him having to meet her. 他暗自希望老天帮忙，别让他碰见她。
Only weeks later fate struck again, leaving her unable to compete. 仅仅几周后，她再次遭受命运打击，不能参加比赛。
Anne accepted the cruel hand that fate had dealt her. 安妮接受了残酷的命运。
Fate took a hand in (= influenced) the outcome of the championship. 冠军争夺赛的最终结果系天命所归。
Little did she know what fate had in store for her. 她几乎不知道等待她的命运是什么。
For some reason fate conspired against them and everything they did was problematic. 不知为什么，他们时运不济，做什么事都困难重重。
Fate was not smiling upon her today. 她今天运气不好。
It seemed a cruel twist of fate that the composer should have died so young. 这位作曲家英年早逝似乎是残酷的宿命。
He was content standing aside, letting fate take its course. 他甘愿置身事外，一切听天由命。
The new job had come at just the right time for him. Was it the hand of fate? 这份新工作对他来说来得正是时候，是命运的安排吗？

n. [U] 海中的大浪；也可指大浪拍岸（或拍岩石）产生的白沫、浪花:
vt. ~ the Net/Internet（在互联网上）冲浪，即浏览（互联网）:
vt.&vi.（常用go surfing）进行冲浪运动:
surf |[sɜ:f;美sɜ:rf]
crashing, pounding surf 拍岸的波涛；汹涌的波涛 
big, heavy surf 大浪 
dolphins riding the surf 逐浪的海豚 
The children splashed around in the surf. 孩子们在浪花中嬉戏。
the roar of（the）surf 波涛的怒吼 
surf rolling onto white sand beaches 涌上白色沙滩的激浪 
the sound of surf breaking on the beach 激浪拍岸的声音 
Sydney, surf capital of the world (= where the sport of surfing is very popular) 世界冲浪之都悉尼
I was surfing the Net looking for information on Indian music. 我正上网查找关于印度音乐的资料。
No one knows how many people currently surf the Net. 没人知道现在有多少人在网上冲浪。
I'm going to buy a surfboard and learn to surf. 我要买个冲浪板学习冲浪。
I'm going to be surfing bigger waves when I get to Australia! 到了澳大利亚后我要去浪头更大的地方冲浪！

vt. 操控局势，或影响局势的发展方向:
n. [C] 饲养以供食用的被阉割的公牛:
vt. 操控局势，或影响局势的发展方向:
vt.&vi. 在驾驶船的过程中控制其方向:
vt.&vi. 船朝某个方向行驶:
vt.&vi. 在驾驶汽车等的过程中控制其方向:
vt.&vi. 汽车等朝某个方向行驶:
vt. 引导或带领某人去某地:
steer |[stɪə(r);美stɪr]
He managed to steer the conversation away from his divorce. 他设法把话题从他离婚一事上引开。
She steered the team to victory. 她率领全队取得胜利。
The new government is seen as one that will steer the country in the right direction. 新政府被认为能将国家引向正确的方向。
I think you are perfectly correct in trying to steer your mother towards increased independence. 我认为你试图引导你母亲变得更加独立是完全正确的。
In nearly all these issues the British steered a middle course. 英国人几乎在所有这些问题上都选择了中间路线。
The skill is in steering a middle course between the two extremes. 本领就在于避开这两个极端，走中间路线。
Prime Minister Hun Sen has sought to steer a course between the two groups. 洪森首相设法游走于两个集团之间。
The new government is seen as one that will steer the country in the right direction. 新政府被认为能将国家引向正确的方向。
Prime Minister Hun Sen has sought to steer a course between the two groups. 洪森首相设法游走于两个集团之间。
He steered the boat into the harbour. 他把船开进港。
What is it like to steer a ship this size? 驾驶这么大的船感觉怎么样？
You row and I'll steer. 你划桨，我来掌舵。
The ship steered a course between the islands. 船在岛屿之间穿行。
The ship steered into port. 船驶进港口。
When I was a kid, about six or seven, she would often let me steer the car along our driveway. 在我小时候，大概六七岁时，她经常让我在自家的车道上开车。
Nick steered them into the nearest seats. 尼克将他们领到最近的座位上。
He took her arm and steered her towards the door. 他抓住她的胳膊，把她带往门口。
