save					挽救，留存，节省，免去
save up				攒钱
inherit				继承，接手
occasion				某次，时机，庆典，理由，引起
initiative				主动性
insight				洞悉，洞察力
misguided				受误导的
sponsor				赞助者，资助，倡议
porter				护工
loyalty				忠诚
overwhelming			压倒性的，难以抑制的
appreciation			感谢，理解，欣赏
setting				环境，背景，配曲，降落
display				陈列，展品，表演，显示
deliver				递送，移交，发表，履行
astonish				使大为惊奇
adequate				足够的，适当的，能胜任的
consumption			消耗，消费，接受
abuse					虐待，滥用，辱骂
broad					宽阔的，广泛的
inappropriate			不合适的
worldwide				世界范围的
strict				严厉的，明确的，严格的
means					方法，财富
reveal				披露，展现
confirm				证实，确认，巩固
consensus				一致意见
agent					代理人，特工，动因
neighborhood			社区，邻近地区
participate			参加
valid					有效的，合理的
\\\\\\\\

vt. 使…免于令人不快的活动或经历:
vt. save sb/sth (from sth/from doing sth) 使…免于死亡、伤害，或使其从危险或令人不快的处境中逃离，即救、拯救，挽回。是此义的基本通用词，词义范围相当广泛。如第一，从危险处境中“救”生命，使其免于死亡或生理伤害；第二，“挽救”一种情况，或“挽回”一种局面。这种情况或局面可以是人所面对的，也可以是事物所面对的，还可以是事件所处于其中的；第三，save所表示的“救”的过程可以是短期的，也可以是长期的；第四，可以是一次行动，也可以包含一系列行动（甚至进而形成一种长期的运动）。总之，几乎所有扭转负面局势的行为都可以用save:
prep. 也可叫save for，为旧时用法或正式用法，意思为“除了…”:
conj. 为旧时用法或正式用法，意思为“除了…”:
vt. 因喜欢或为某一特殊目的而收集，收藏:
vt. save sth (for sth/sb) 保留…以供将来使用或享用:
vt.＆vi. 存盘或保存。是一种动作或操作，常发生于文件的编辑或查找活动之后:
vt. save sth (for sth/sb) 保留…以供将来使用或享用:
vt. save sb/sth (from sth/from doing sth) 拯救生命:
vt.＆vi. 足球、曲棍球等体育运动中阻止对方射门得分，即救球:
n. [C] 足球等运动中，守门员的一次救球:
vt.＆vi. save (sth) (up) (for sth) 储蓄，即攒钱，尤指为将来的某项消费而攒钱:
save sth (on sth) 避免浪费或不必要地使用，即节约，节省:
save |[seɪv][seɪv]
The prize money saved her from having to find a job. 她得到的奖金使她不用非得去找工作。
Thanks for sending that letter for me--it saved me a trip. 多谢你替我把那封信寄了——省得我跑一趟。
to save sb’s life 救某人的命 
to save a rare species 拯救珍稀物种 
They saved the paintings from destruction. 他们使这些油画免遭损毁。
The furniture was beyond saving. 家具已经修不好了。
He’s trying to save their marriage. 他试图挽救他们的婚姻。
She helped save my career. 她帮我挽回了事业。
She needs to win the next two games to save the match. 只有下面的两场获胜，她才能挽回败局。
Thanks for doing that. You saved my life (= helped me a lot). 谢谢你这么做。你帮了我大忙。
If you save ten tokens you can get a T-shirt. 积十张礼品券便可得到一件T恤衫。
Save me some food. 给我留点吃的。
He’s saving his strength for the last part of the race. 他保存体力，以便在比赛的最后阶段发力。
Save data frequently. 资料要经常存盘。
Save me some food. 给我留点吃的。
He’s saving his strength for the last part of the race. 他保存体力，以便在比赛的最后阶段发力。
to save sb’s life 救某人的命 
Doctors were unable to save her. 医生未能把她救活。
She saved a little girl from falling into the water. 她救下一个眼看要落入水中的小女孩。
The goalie saved brilliantly from Tom’s long-range shot. 守门员漂亮地扑挡了汤姆的远射。
to save a penalty 扑出一个点球 
diving, one-handed save 鱼跃救球；单手救球 
He made some spectacular saves. 他漂亮地救下了几个球。
to save a little each week 每星期存一点钱 
I’m saving up to buy a new car. 我正存钱买新车。
I’ve saved almost £100 so far. 我至今已经攒了差不多100英镑了。
vt.＆vi. save (sth) on sth 
to save water 节约用水 
to save time 节省时间 
save you two hours 节省你两个小时 
Book early and save £50! 及早预订，可省50英镑！
to save £1 million on defence 在国防开支上节省100万英镑 
to save on fares 节省交通费 
to save thousands in travel expenses 节省数千元的差旅费 
to save on printing costs 节省印刷成本 
to scrimp and save 省吃俭用

vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (from sb) 继承（逝者的金钱、财产等）:
vt. ~ (sth) (from sb) 接替某人的职责，如继任:
vt. ~ (sth) (from sb) 经遗传获得（品质、身体特征等）:
inherit |[ɪnˈherɪt]
She inherited a fortune from her father. 她从她父亲那里继承了一大笔财富。
He has no son to inherit his land. 他没有儿子来继承田产。
paintings that he inherited from his father 他从父亲那里继承来的油画 
He stood to inherit (= was likely to inherit)property worth over five million.当时他很有可能继承价值 500 多万的财产。
She inherited some money from her mother. 她从母亲那里继承了一笔钱。
policies inherited from the previous administration 因袭上届政府的政策 
The government inherited an impossible situation from its predecessors. 这届政府从前任那里接过了一个非常棘手的烂摊子。
Our legal system inherited laws from the English system. 我们的司法体系沿袭了英国的法律体系。
He has inherited his mother's patience. 这种耐心是母亲遗传给他的。
an inherited disease 遗传病 
How many of these traits are genetically inherited? 这些特征中有多少是遗传的?
We inherit from our parents many of our physical characteristics. 我们的许多身体特征都是从父母那里遗传而来的。
Her children have inherited her love of sport. 她的孩子们继承了她对运动的热爱。

n. [sing.] rose to the ~ 成功应付困难局面、关键时刻发挥作用:
n. [C] 特别的场合:
n. [sing.] have ~ to 有必要去做某事:
n. [C] 某事发生的那个时间，即…的时候，某次:
n. [sing.] on ~ 偶尔、有时:
vt. [正式] 使某事发生，即引起、造成、导致:
~ (of/for sth) [正式] 理由、原因:
n. [C] 特别的仪式或庆典:
n. [sing.] ~ (for sth/doing sth) 某事发生的适当时机:
occasion |[əˈkeɪʒn]
Inverness, however, rose to the occasion in the second half, producing some of the best football they have played for some time. 然而，因弗内斯队在下半场经受住了考验，踢出了很长一段时间以来的最佳水平。
The choir rose to the occasion and sang beautifully. 唱诗班应对自如，歌曲唱得好听极了。
social occasion 社交场合 
ceremonial, state occasion 礼仪场合；国事场合 
I do sometimes dance if the occasion calls for it. 有时在必要的情况下我也跳舞。
I only wear my silk dress on special occasion. 我只在特殊场合穿真丝连衣裙。
They marked the occasion (= celebrated it) with an open-air concert. 他们举办露天音乐会来庆祝这个特别的时刻。
Taking her with me on official occasions has been a challenge. 带着她出席正式场合对我来说一直是个挑战。
We sell cards and notepaper for all occasions. 我们出售各种用途的卡片和便笺。
We have had occasion to deal with members of the group on a variety of charges. 我们有必要以多项罪名起诉该组织的成员。
On this occasion, as it happens, the engine started immediately. 这一次碰巧引擎一下子就启动了。
On this particular occasion, Joe wasn't there. 在这个特殊场合，乔却不在。
On one occasion he even rang me in the middle of the night. 有一次他甚至半夜给我打电话。
I often think fondly of an occasion some years ago at Covent Garden. 我时常愉快地回想起几年前在科文特花园的一个时刻。
I've met him on several occasions. 我曾见过他几次。
I have stayed there on a number of occasions. 我曾在那儿住过多次。
It was the first of many such occasions. 这是第一次，这种情况后来发生过很多次。
Mr Davis has been asked on a number of occasions. 戴维斯先生曾多次被问及。
The police were called out on 24 separate occasions. 警察奉命出动了24次。
They have been seen together on two separate occasions. 他们有两次被人看见在一起。
I can remember very few occasions when he had to cancel because of ill health. 我记得他因为健康不佳而被迫取消的情况绝无仅有。         
He has been known on occasion to lose his temper. 大家都知道他有时会发脾气。
He treated them seriously and, on occasion, entertained them hilariously. 他对待他们严肃认真，偶尔又逗得他们捧腹不已。
He translated not only from the French but also, on occasion, from the Polish. 他不仅做法文翻译，有时也做些波兰语翻译。
He has even been known to go shopping himself on occasion. 人们甚至知道他有时自己出去买东西。
They came to visit us on the odd occasion, but only when they had nothing better to do. 他们偶尔会来访，但那只是在他们无事可做的时候。
The flight delay was occasioned by the need for a further security check. 这次航班的延误是由于必须做进一步的安全检查。
The decision occasioned us much anxiety. 这个决定让我们忧虑不堪。
He argued that the release of hostages should not occasion a change in policy. 他认为释放人质不应造成政策的改变。
I've had no occasion to visit him recently. 我最近无缘去拜访他。
Her death was the occasion of mass riots. 她的逝世引发了大规模的骚乱。
I'm willing to go to court over this if the occasion arises (= if it becomes necessary). 如果必要的话，我愿意就此出庭。
memorable, happy occasion 难忘的庆典；欢乐的庆典 
Medals are usually worn only on ceremonial occasions. 勋章通常只在仪式上佩戴。
the occasion of his 50th birthday 他50岁生日的庆祝活动 
Turn every meal into a special occasion. 要把每一顿饭都弄得特别一些。
a party to mark the occasion of their daughter's graduation 为庆祝他们女儿毕业而举办的聚会 
a sense of occasion 节庆的气氛 
On the day of the wedding there was a real sense of occasion. 婚礼那天场面十分盛大。
Their wedding turned out to be quite an occasion. 他们的婚礼办得相当隆重。
He was presented with the watch on the occasion of his retirement. 他在退休时获赠这块手表。
Taking her with me on official occasions has been a challenge. 带着她出席正式场合对我来说一直是个挑战。
It will be a unique family occasion. 这将是一次特别的家庭聚会。         
It should have been an occasion for rejoicing, but she could not feel any real joy. 原本应该是高兴的时刻，她却丝毫未感到快乐。
I'll speak to him about it if the occasion arises (= if I get a chance). 有机会的话，我要跟他谈谈这件事。
He used the occasion to announce further tax cuts. 他利用这个机会宣布再次减税。
It is an occasion for all the family to celebrate. 这是个值得举家庆祝的时刻。
It is always an important occasion for setting out government policy. 这历来都是阐明政府政策的重要时机。
I bought the camera last year, but never had the occasion to use it. 这台相机是我去年买的，可是一直没有机会使用。
His death became an occasion for widespread discussion of his character. 他的去世成了广泛讨论他的为人的机会。
Last year we had occasion to visit relatives in Florida. 去年我们得以拜访佛罗里达州的亲戚。
These workshops provide an occasion for talking about art. 这些研讨会提供了一个讨论艺术的机会。
I want to use this occasion to thank you all for your hard work. 我想利用这个机会感谢大家的辛勤工作。

n. [C]（为解决某个问题或为达成某个目标的）新方案、倡议:
n. 1 [U] 主动性、自发性（而非等着别人告诉你如何去做）:
2 [sing.] the initiative可指比别人更快地掌握有利条件的能力（或机会），即主动权、先机:
n. [C] [美，法律]（美国某些州的）公民立法提案程序（即普通人通过签署请愿信来提交新法案的程序）:
initiative |[ɪˈnɪʃətɪv]
a United Nations peace initiative 联合国的和平倡议 
a government initiative to combat unemployment 政府应付失业问题的新方案 
Government initiatives to help young people have been inadequate. 政府在积极帮助年轻人方面做得还不够。
fresh initiatives to find a peaceful end to the conflict 和平解决争端的各项新方案 
pioneering initiatives in bioengineering 生物工程的开拓件新举措 
collaborative, cooperative, joint initiative 协作倡议；合作计划；联合方案 
grass-roots initiative 基层的倡议 
strategic initiative 战略方案 
business, e-business, e-commerce, marketing initiative 经营新思路；电子商务新思路；新的营销方案 
diplomatic, economic, legislative, peace, policy, political initiative 新的外交举措；新的经济计划；新法案；和平倡议；新的政策方案；新的政治举措 
safety, training initiative 新的安全方案；新的培训计划 
development, research initiative 开发方案；研究方案 
education, educational, health initiative 新的教育方案；新的健康计划 
conservation, environmental initiative 新的环保倡议 
reform initiative 改革方案 
The government has launched a new policy initiative. 政府已经开始推行一项新政策。
Ten schools have been involved in the initiative. 有十所学校参与了新计划。
You won't get much help. You'll have to use your initiative. 你不会得到多少帮助的。你得自己想办法。
She did it on her own initiative (= without anyone telling her to do it). 她是主动这么做的。
She was disappointed by his lack of initiative. 她对他缺少进取心感到失望。
workers who are able to sort out problems on their own initiative 能主动解决问题的工人 
It is a very hierarchical company and there's little place for individual initiative. 这家公司等级森严，少有发挥个人主动性的空间。
He had the initiative to ask what time the last train left. 他主动询问最后一班火车什么时候开。He acted on his own initiative and wasn't following orders. 他是主动这么做的，并不是奉命行事。
Don't ask me what you should do all the time. Use your initiative! 别老是问我你该干什么，你要有自己的主见！
Raising taxes on small businesses will stifle initiative. 提高小企业的税收会抑制它们的积极性。
The project was set up on the initiative of a local landowner. 项目是由当地一名土地所有人发起的。
Some scientists show little initiative in applying their knowledge. 有些科学家很少主动将自己的知识投入应用。
In an unprecedented action, the army, on its own initiative, arrested seven civilians. 军队竟然擅自逮捕了七名平民，这种行为是前所未有的。
to seize, the initiative, to lose the initiative 掌握先机；丧失先机 
It was up to the US to take the initiative in repairing relations. 在修复关系方面应由美国采取主动。
We must take the initiative in the struggle to end the war. 为尽早结束战争，我们必须抢先行动。
She knew she had to take the initiative and maintain an aggressive game throughout. 她知道自己必须采取主动，并且始终保持咄咄逼人的态势。
We have the initiative; we intend to keep it. 我们拥有主动权；我们不打算放弃它。
He paused enough to consider the options but never so long as to lose the initiative. 他停顿了一会儿权衡自己有哪些选项,但并没有久到丧失主动权。
After their latest setback, the rebel forces no longer hold the initiative. 经过上次的失败后，叛军不再掌握主动权了。
She then regained the initiative in winning the third game. 她赢得了第三局比赛，重新夺回了主动权。
The initiative to reopen negotiations came from Moscow. 重启谈判的主动权来自莫斯科方面。
She took the initiative in asking the board to conduct an enquiry.她主动提请委员会进行调查。

n. 1 [U] [褒]（对形势或人的）洞察力、领悟力:
2 [C, U] ~ (into sth)（对复杂形势或问题的）洞悉或深入了解:
insight |[ˈɪnsaɪt]
a writer of great insight 有深刻洞察力的作家 
He was a man with considerable insight. 他是个富有洞察力的人。
With a flash of insight, I realized what the dream meant. 我突然明白了这个梦意味着什么。
With a flash of insight, she found the solution to the problem. 灵光一闪，她找到了解决问题的办法。
personal insight 个人见解 
critical, historical, psychological, spiritual, theoretical insight 批判性的眼光；历史眼光；心理学的眼光；精神见解；理论见解 
The experienced specialist has professional skills and insight. 这位经验丰富的专家具有专业的技能和洞察力。
Teachers have to apply in the classroom the insights that they gain in educational courses。教师必须把自己在教育课程中学到的知识应用到课堂教学之中。
We meet regularly to discuss working methods and share insights. 我们定期聚会，讨论工作方法并交流心得体会。
Schopenhauer's insight about music 叔本华关于音乐的见解 
an insight as to how the gene works 对于基因工作原理的了解 
The book gives us fascinating insights into life in Mexico. 这本书生动地表现了墨西哥的生活。
The project would give scientists new insights into what is happening to the earth's atmosphere. 该项目将使科学家对地球大气层的状况有更新的深入了解。
I hope that this talk has given you some insight into the kind of the work that we've been doing. 希望这次谈话能使你对我们正在开展的工作有一些较深入的了解。
a fresh insight into Picasso's mind 对毕加索思想的新认识 
The letters lend some insight into her writing process. 这些信件能对她的写作过程有所了解。
The objective of the research is to gain a better insight into market forces. 这项研究的目标是更好地了解市场力量。
Freud's original insights into the working of the mind 弗洛伊德对大脑活动的独到见解 
The research will provide direct insight into molecular mechanisms. 这项研究将使人们能够直接了解分子机制。

adj.（观点、计划）受错误思想引导的；（人）被错误地引导的，因理解错误（或判断错误）而搞错的:
misguided |[ˌmɪsˈgaɪdɪd]
In a misguided attempt to be funny, he manages only offensiveness. 他本想表现得风趣一点，却弄巧成拙地冒犯了别人。
He is misguided in expecting honesty from her. 他误以为她能够以诚相待。
She only did it in a misguided attempt to help. 她是要帮忙，只是想法不对头。
Their approach to the problem is fundamentally misguided. 他们解决问题的方法从根本上说是在错误思想的指导下得出的。

vt. 纵容（对一国的袭击）:
n. [C] 恐怖主义等活动的支持者:
vt. 安排某项正式（或官方）事件，使其发生，如提议并组织一次磋商等:
n. [C] 广播电视节目、音乐会、体育赛事等的赞助商，常为了换取该活动的广告机会:
vt. 指公司等对一项赛事、一个节目等进行广告赞助:
n. 1 [C] 为慈善活动进行捐款的人，不过受助者需要完成某项任务:
2 [C] 培训或教育活动的资助者，可以是一个人，也可以是一个公司:
vt. 1 同意如果自己完成了某项任务，便进行慈善捐赠:
2 资助某人接受培训或教育:
n. [C] 一项新法案等的倡议者，发起人:
vt. 提交法案、议案等:
n. [C] 同意对另一人进行正式负责的一个人，即保证人:
sponsor |['spɒnsə]['spɒnsə]
States sponsoring terrorism must pay a price. 那些纵容恐怖主义的国家必须付出代价。
the list of state sponsors of terrorism 支持恐怖主义的国家名单
The US is sponsoring negotiations between the two sides. 美国正在安排双方的谈判。
The race organizers are trying to attract sponsors. 比赛的组织者在想方设法吸引赞助者。
private sponsor 私人赞助商 
official sponsor 官方赞助商 
commercial, corporate, industrial sponsor 赞助商；赞助公司；行业赞助商 
title sponsor 冠名赞助商 
sponsor money（尤英）赞助费 
sports events sponsored by the car industry 由汽车业赞助的体育赛事
I’m collecting sponsors for next week’s charity run. 我正在为下星期的募款赛跑征集捐款者。
the sponsors of this University’s students 这所大学的学生资助者 
Will you sponsor me for a charity walk I’m doing? 我正在参加竞走义赛，请您捐款好吗？
a sponsored swim 有赞助的慈善游泳活动 
She found a company to sponsor her through college. 她找到一家愿资助她读完大学的公司。
bill’s sponsor（尤美，政治用语）法案的倡议者 
the sponsor of the new immigration bill 新移民法案的倡议者 
The bill was sponsored by a Labour MP. 这项议案是一位工党议员提交的。

n. [C] [英] 旅馆、大型建筑物、大学等的门卫:
n. [U] [英] 黑啤酒:
n. [C]（厨房的）勤杂工:
n. [C] [英]（医院里把病人从一个地方移动到另一个地方的）护工:
n. [C]（尤指火车站、机场或旅馆的）搬运工（其负责搬运行李或其它物品）:
n. [C] [美] 火车上（尤指卧铺车厢）的乘务员:
porter |['pɔ:tə]
hall, hotel porter 大厅的门卫；旅馆的门卫 
night, uniformed porter 夜班门卫；穿制服的门卫 
porter’s desk, porter’s lodge 门房服务台；传达室
kitchen porter（英）厨房勤杂工
railway porter（英）火车站搬运工

n. 1 [U] ~ (to/towards sb/sth)（对人或事物的）忠诚:
2 [C, usually pl.] 要忠于某人或某事物的一种强烈感情:
loyalty |[ˈlɔɪəlti]
They swore their loyalty to the king. 他们宣誓效忠国王。
I have sworn an oath of loyalty to the monarchy. 我已发誓效忠皇室。
This is seen as a reward for the army's loyalty during a barracks revolt earlier this month. 此举被视为是对在本月初一场军营叛变中表现忠心不贰的军队的奖赏。
Can I count on your loyalty? 我能指望你对我忠诚吗？
He showed unswerving loyalty to his friends. 他表现出了对朋友始终不渝的忠心。
blind loyalty 盲目的忠心；愚忠 
His prime loyalty was to his family. 他对家庭最为忠诚。
family, personal, tribal loyalty 对家庭的忠诚；对个人的忠诚；对部落的忠诚 
local, regional loyalty 对地方的忠心；对地区的忠心 
ethnic, religious loyalty 对种族的忠诚；对宗教的忠诚 
party, political loyalty 对政党的忠诚；政治上的忠诚 
brand, consumer loyalty 品牌忠诚度；消费者的忠诚 
to build customer loyalty 建立顾客忠诚度 
He inspires great loyalty from all his employees. 他赢得所有雇员的耿耿忠心。
The company expects loyalty from its employees. 公司希望员工能忠心耿耿。
Some party members found it hard to switch their loyalty to the new leader. 有些党员觉得难以转而支持新任领导人。
to buy his loyalty 收买他的忠心 
She owed no loyalty to him. 她不用对他忠心。
loyalty oath 效忠誓言 
loyalty test 效忠考验 
loyalty card (= that gives benefits to regular customers of a shop/store, etc.)（英）（商场的）会员积分卡 
loyalty points（英）忠诚积分 
Customers earn loyalty points every time they shop in the store. 顾客每次在店里购物都会获得忠诚积分。
She stayed on at the school out of loyalty to her students. 她是出于对学生的忠心才继续待在学校的。
The village is the object of fierce loyalty among its inhabitants. 居民对所居住的村子有着强烈的眷恋之心。
Mass advertising creates brand loyalty for a product. 大量的广告可以建立起人们对产品的品牌忠诚度。
men whose loyalty is to their political careers 忠于自己的政治生涯的男人们 
The team members felt tremendous loyalty towards one another. 队员互相之间都非常忠诚。
a conflict of loyalties 各种忠诚的冲突 
an oath of loyalty, a pledge of loyalty 效忠誓言 
a sense of loyalty 忠诚感 
a case of divided loyalties (= with strong feelings of support for two different causes, people, etc.) 两面效忠 
She had developed strong loyalties to the Manet family. 她对马内家族忠心耿耿。
His loyalties lay with people from the same background as himself. 他效忠的是那些和他有相同背景的人。

adj.（数量）巨大的，压倒性的:
adj. 巨大或强烈得让人无法抵挡（或让人不知所措）的:
overwhelming |[ˌəʊvəˈwelmɪŋ;美ˌoʊvərˈw-]
The overwhelming majority of small businesses go broke within the first twenty-four months. 绝大多数小企业在头两年内就破产了。
The overwhelming majority of those present were in favour of the plan. 绝大多数与会者都赞同这个计划。
The party won an overwhelming victory in Burma's general elections last May. 去年五月，该党在缅甸大选中获得了压倒性的胜利。
The task won't feel so overwhelming if you break it down into small, easy-to-accomplish steps. 如果将这个任务细分为简单易行的若干步骤来做，便不会感到如此无所适从。
She felt an overwhelming desire to have another child. 她一心想再要一个孩子。
The evidence against him was overwhelming. 对他不利的证据确凿，无法抵赖。
an overwhelming sense of loss 莫大的失落感 
She had the almost overwhelming desire to tell him the truth. 她恨不得要告诉他实情。
You may find it somewhat overwhelming at first. 起初你可能觉得它有些无法抗拒。
The urge to look was almost overwhelming. 想看一眼的冲动几乎按捺不住。
All these new experiences were a little overwhelming. 所有这些全新的体验有点儿让人无法完全适应。
seemingly overwhelming obstacles 貌似无法逾越的障碍

n. [U] 欣赏某人或某事物的好的品质时所获得的愉悦感:
n. [U] appreciation (of/for sth) 对某事所怀有的感激之情:
n. [U, sing.] appreciation of sth 对某事物（如一种情况、一个问题、以及该情况或问题所牵涉的方面）的充分理解或同情、体谅:
n. [C] [正式] appreciation (of sth) 对某人或某事物（尤指一位艺术家或一件艺术作品）的优点和缺点所做出的书面或口头的鉴定、评估、评价:
n. [U, sing.] appreciation (in sth)（经过一段时间）价值的上升，即升值，增值:
appreciation |[ə͵pri:ʃɪ'eɪʃn]
appreciation of good music 对美妙音乐的欣赏 
aesthetic appreciation 审美 
art, music appreciation 艺术鉴赏；音乐鉴赏 
She gazed in appreciation at the scene. 她赞赏地看着这景色。
The crowd murmured in appreciation. 人群低声赞叹着。
I would like to express my appreciation and thanks to you all. 我想对你们所有人表达我的感激和谢意。
to extend appreciation（正式，尤美） 谨致谢忱
She had no appreciation of the difficulties we were facing. 她不了解我们所面临的困难。
They have a stronger appreciation of the importance of economic incentives. 他们对经济激励的重要性有了更深的理解。
The course helped me to gain a deeper appreciation of what scientific research involves. 这门课程帮助我更深入地了解科学研究所包含的内容。
I had written an appreciation of Hernandez for a magazine. 我为一家杂志社写过一篇评论赫尔南德斯的文章。
capital appreciation of the property 房产的资本增值

n. [C]（戏剧、小说等的）情节背景（即其发生的时间和地点）:
n. [C] 一系列环境；某事发生的地点（即背景）:
n. [C]（镶嵌宝石的）底座、底板、托板:
n. [C]（摆在桌上供一人用的）一套餐具:
n. [C] [音乐] 为诗歌等谱的曲子:
n. [C] 自然环境:
n. [C]（炉具、热水器等机器上调节速度、高度、温度等的）档、级、点:
setting |[ˈsetɪŋ]
short stories with a contemporary setting 以当代生活为背景的短篇小说 
biblical stories in a contemporary setting 当代背景下的《圣经》故事 
cultural, historical setting 文化背景；历史背景
rural, ideal, beautiful, idyllic setting 乡村环境；理想的环境；优美的环境；田园环境 
It was the perfect setting for a wonderful Christmas. 环境气氛无可挑剔，正是一个美好的圣诞节所需要的。
Rome is the perfect setting for romance. 罗马是最适合谈情说爱的地方。
Perth was the setting for the SNP's conference this year. 珀斯是今年苏格兰国民党大会的召开地。
wild animals in their natural setting 自然环境中的野生动物 
The French Club offers the chance to improve your language skills in a social setting. 法语俱乐部为你提供社交环境下提高语言技能的机会。
In a work setting, more formal language would be used. 工作环境中会使用较为正式的语言。
clinical, experimental, hospital, institutional, laboratory setting 诊室环境；实验环境；医院环境；机构环境；实验室环境 
academic, classroom, educational, school setting 学术环境；教室环境；教育环境；学校环境 
domestic, family setting 家庭环境 
elderly people living in a domestic setting 住在家里的老人 
The hospital is an unlikely setting for an art auction. 医院不太可能成为艺术品拍卖的场所。
The park provides the perfect setting for the play. 公园为这部戏提供了极为适宜的场景。
a hotel in a beautiful mountain setting 坐落在优美山景中的旅馆 
the perfect setting for a picnic 野餐的理想地点 
The site creates a dramatic setting for the new building. 该地点为这一新建筑提供了一个引人注目的环境。
a dramatic setting in Cornwall 设置在康沃尔的戏剧场景 
the urban setting of Manhattan 曼哈顿的都市背景
a place setting 一个座位的整套餐具
Schubert's setting of a poem by Goethe 舒伯特为歌德的一首诗谱的曲
rural, ideal, beautiful, idyllic setting 乡村环境；理想的环境；优美的环境；田园环境 
wild animals in their natural setting 自然环境中的野生动物 
a hotel in a beautiful mountain setting 坐落在优美山景中的旅馆
The performance of the engine was tested at different settings. 对引擎的性能在不同的档上做了试验。
You can boil the fish fillets on a high setting. 可以用高火煮无骨鱼片。
The oven should be at a high setting. 烤箱应调至高档。
network, security setting（均为计算机术语）网络设置；安全设置 
difficulty setting（电脑游戏的）难度设置 
The game has multiple difficulty settings. 这款游戏有多个难度级别设置。

vt. ~ sth (to sb) 把某事物放在人们容易看到的地方；把某事物展示给人们:
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 显示某事物（尤指一种品质或感情）的迹象:
n. 1 [C] 将某事物在公共场合展览或陈列（以供人欣赏或购买）:
2 [C]（为娱乐之目的）展示或表演一种技能或展示某事的发生过程:
3 [C] 通过行为来显示（某种品质、情感或能力）:
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 显示一种感情的迹象:
n. [C] 通过行为来显示（某种情感）:
n. [C]（为娱乐之目的）表演一种技能:
vi. [术语]（雄性的鸟兽）为求偶而做出炫耀行为:
n. [C] [术语]（雄性的鸟兽）为求偶而做出的炫耀行为:
n. [C] 计算机显示器:
vt. ~ sth (to sb)（计算机等）显示信息:
n. [C] 计算机屏幕上的显示、显像:
display |[dɪˈspleɪ]
The exhibition gives local artists an opportunity to display their work. 这次展览为当地艺术家提供了展示自己作品的机会。
The cabinets display seventeenth-century blue-and-white porcelain. 展柜中陈列着17世纪的青花瓷。
Among the protesters and war veterans proudly displaying their medals was Aubrey Rose. 在抗议者和骄傲地展示勋章的退伍老兵中，就有奥布里·罗斯。
His football trophies were prominently displayed in the kitchen. 他的足球奖杯陈列在厨房显眼的位置。
She proudly displayed her degree certificate to her parents. 她自豪地向父母展示了她获得的证书。
She displayed her bruises for all to see. 她将自己身上青一块紫一块的伤痕露出来给大家看。
She displayed her wound to the twelve gentlemen of the jury. 她给陪审团的 12 位男士看了她的伤口。
The chart can then display the links connecting these groups. 这张图就会显示出这些群体之间的关联。
These statistics display a definite trend. 这些统计数据表现出一种明显的趋势。
I have rarely seen her display any sign of emotion. 我难得见到她将喜怒形于色。
It was unlike Gordon to display his feelings. 戈登不太可能表露他的情感。
He has displayed remarkable courage in his efforts to reform the party. 在政党改革中，他表现出了非凡的勇气。
The jewels are normally kept on static display in the National Railway Museum. 博物馆里珠宝通常是在固定位置展出的。
The museum has a fine display of old medical instruments. 博物馆里有一个不错的古代医疗器械展。
We plan to mount a display of the children's work in the lobby area. 我们计划在门厅区展示孩子们的作品。
The birds were put on display at the zoological society. 这些鸟将在动物协会展出。
She was leaning against a display case of prints of Paris. 她正倚靠在一个展示巴黎照片的陈列柜上。
On display are necklaces and bracelets made from jade. 展品中有用玉做的项链和手镯。
a display of Roman coins 古罗马硬币展 
The display illustrates the traditional industries of the town. 这次展览展示了该镇的传统行业。
Designs for the new sports hall are on public display in the library. 新体育馆的设计方案正在图书馆公开展览。
audio-visual, visual display 视听展示；视觉展示 
interactive display 交互展示 
display area, display space 展区 
a display of your work 你的成果展示 
floral display（尤英）花卉陈列 
a beautiful floral display outside the Town Hall 市政厅外陈设的美丽的花 
There was a prominent display of her photographs in the living room. 客厅里醒目地挂着她的照片。
photographic display 图片展示 
in-store, wall, window 店内陈列；墙壁陈列；橱窗陈列 
museum display 博物馆陈列 
shop（尤英）, store（尤美）display 商店陈列 
display board, display cabinet（尤英）, display case 展板；陈列柜 
display rack, display shelf, display stand 陈列架；展台 
display window（尤美）橱窗 
the display windows of a department store 百货商店的橱窗 
a flamboyant display of footballing skills 足球技能的精彩展示 
The sun set in a pyrotechnic display that burnt up the whole western sky. 日落时呈现出焰火般绚烂的色彩，映红了整个天空。
a display of affection 爱的流露 
an open display of affection for her husband 她对丈夫感情的公开表达 
She slammed the door behind her in a display of ill-temper. 她砰的一声摔上门，火爆脾气显露无疑。
Despite his outward display of friendliness, I sensed he was concealing something. 尽管他表现得友善，我还是感觉到他有所隐瞒。
Members of the community closed ranks in an impressive display of unity. 社区成员携手合作，展现出的团结一致给人留下了深刻印象。
There may be specific events which trigger aggressive displays in your dog. 可能有某些特定事件会促使你的狗表现出敌意。
a display of strength 实力的展示 
an ostentatious display of wealth 炫富
I have rarely seen her display any sign of emotion. 我难得见到她将喜怒形于色。
It was unlike Gordon to display his feelings. 戈登不太可能表露他的情感。
a display of affection 爱的流露 
an open display of affection for her husband 她对丈夫感情的公开表达 
She slammed the door behind her in a display of ill-temper. 她砰的一声摔上门，火爆脾气显露无疑。
Despite his outward display of friendliness, I sensed he was concealing something. 尽管他表现得友善，我还是感觉到他有所隐瞒。
Members of the community closed ranks in an impressive display of unity. 社区成员携手合作，展现出的团结一致给人留下了深刻印象。
There may be specific events which trigger aggressive displays in your dog. 可能有某些特定事件会促使你的狗表现出敌意。
aerial, aerobatic, air, flying, parachute display 空中表演；特技飞行表演；飞行表演；跳伞表演 
They put on a spectacular firework display. 他们举办了场面壮观的烟花燃放活动。
gymnastic display 体操表演 
The crowd was treated to an impressive display of power tennis. 人们欣赏了一场令人惊叹的网球赛。
a display of guitar playing 吉他演奏 
They gave a virtuoso display of disco dancing. 他们表演了精彩的迪斯科舞蹈。          
courtship, mating, sexual display 示爱；求偶炫耀行为 
The male performs a magnificent courtship display. 雄性展示了出色的求偶炫耀行为。
a high resolution colour display 高分辨率彩色显示器 
computer, screen display 计算机显示器；屏幕显示器 
data, graphics display 数据显示器；图像显示器 
liquid crystal display 液晶显示器 
digital display 数字显示器 
display screen 显示器屏幕 
display screen equipment 显示器 
obscure error messages appearing on the display 显示器上出现的令人费解的错误信息
The screen will display the username in the top right-hand corner. 屏幕将在右上角显示用户名。
This column displays the title of the mail message. 这一栏显示邮件标题。
They started out by looking at the computer screens which display the images. 他们开始在显示那些图像的电脑屏幕上寻找。
Using the option to display only text speeds things up a lot. 选用纯文本显示可以使速度大幅提升。
A hard copy of the screen display can also be obtained from a printer. 屏幕上显示的内容也可以通过打印机打印一份。
display terminal, display unit 显示终端；显示单元 
display system 显示系统

vt. deliver sb (from sth) 过时用法，指将某人从…中拯救出来，相当于save:
vt. 投掷，瞄准或对准…:
vt.＆vi. deliver (on sth) 履行诺言，或不负别人对你的期望:
vt. 发表演说，或做出其他正式陈述。在个别语境中也可翻译为“宣布”，但不具有代表性，只是偶尔的一种用法:
vt.＆vi. deliver (sth) (to sb/sth)（将信息等）发送（至某地或交由某人）:
vt. deliver sb/sth (up/over) (to sb) 正式用法，指将…交由某人控制:
vt. 1 deliver a baby 接生，助产:
2 be delivered of a baby 正式用法，指生孩子，分娩:
vt.＆vi. deliver (sth) (to sb/sth)（将信件、包裹等）投递到某地或投递给某人:
vt.＆vi. deliver (sth) (to sb/sth)（将货物、信件、人等）递送或运载（至某地）:
deliver |[dɪ'lɪvə]
He delivered the blow (= hit sb hard) with all his force. 他打这一下使出了全身力气。
He has promised to finish the job by June and I am sure he will deliver. 他答应到六月份完成这项工作，我相信他会履行诺言。
She always delivers on her promises. 她总是信守诺言。
If you can’t deliver improved sales figures, you’re fired. 如果你不能按照要求提高销售额，就会被解雇。
The team delivered a stunning victory last night. 昨晚这个队不负众望，大获全胜。
products that deliver on customer expectations 达到顾客期望值的产品
to deliver a lecture 发表演讲 
He delivered his lines confidently. 他沉着地说了他的台词。
The jury delivered its verdict. 陪审团宣布了裁决。
Online training sessions are delivered directly to your desktop. 在线培训课程直接传送到你的台式电脑上。
They delivered their prisoner over to the invading army. 他们把俘虏交给了侵略军。
The baby was delivered by Caesarean section. 这个婴儿是剖腹产下的。
She was delivered of a healthy boy. 她生下一个健康的男孩儿。
The baby was delivered safely on Tuesday night. 婴儿在星期二晚上安全地生了下来。
Leaflets have been delivered to every household. 传单已发送到每家每户。
The letter was delivered to his office. 那封信送到了他的办公室。
messages delivered via email 通过电子邮件发送的信息 
Leaflets have been delivered to every household. 传单已发到每家每户。
to deliver goods 送货 
The package had been delivered by hand. 这件包裹是由专人递送的。
messages delivered via email 通过电子邮件发送的信息 

vt. 令某人非常惊讶，相当于amaze，不过比amaze更常用被动式:
astonish |[ə'stɒnɪʃ]
The news astonished everyone. 这消息使大家十分惊讶。
She astonished us by saying she was leaving. 她说她要离开，令我们大为惊奇。
It astonishes me (that) he could be so thoughtless. 我真没有料到他会如此轻率。

adequate (to do sth)（针对某一目的或需要来说）数量足够的；或质量、品质足够好的:
adequate |['ædɪkwɪt]
adj. adequate (for sth) 
an adequate supply of hot water 热水供应充足 
The room was small but adequate. 房间虽小但够用。
He didn’t give an adequate answer to the question. 他没有对这个问题做出满意的答复。
training that is adequate to meet the future needs of industry 足以满足未来行业需要的培训 
These measures are not considered adequate by conservationists. 环保主义者认为这些措施还不够。
The system is more than adequate to deal with any problems. 这一系统足以应付任何问题。

n. [U]（能量、食物或材料的）消耗；也可指消耗量:
n. [U] 做某事或说某话供某个人（或群体）享用（即使做事者或说话者的内心真实想法非常不同）:
n. [U] 吃；喝:
n. [U] 做某事或说某话供某个人（或群体）享用（即使做事者或说话者的内心真实想法非常不同）:
n. [U] [过时用法] 一种严重的肺病，如肺痨、肺结核:
n. [U]（对商品或服务的）消费:
consumption |[kənˈsʌmpʃn]
electricity, energy, fuel, gas, gasoline（美）, oil, petrol（英）, power consumption 耗电量；能源消耗；燃料消耗；煤气消耗；汽油消耗；石油消耗；电力消耗 
water consumption 水的消耗 
the production of fuel for domestic consumption (= to be used in the country where it is produced) 供国内消耗的燃料生产 
Gas and oil consumption always increases in cold weather. 燃气和燃油的消耗量在天冷时总会增加。
the country with the highest fuel consumption in the world 世界上消耗燃料最多的国家 
Reducing our annual consumption of energy is an important first step. 减少我们的能量年消耗是重要的第一步。
Her speech to party members was not intended for public consumption (= to be heard by the public). 她对党员发表的讲话并不打算公诸大众。
The documents were not for public consumption. 这些文件不对公众公开。
The hardline speech appears to be mostly for domestic consumption. 强硬路线的讲话似乎主要是说给国内人听的。
The report was obviously designed for the consumption of members of the War Committee. 该报告显然是为战争委员会的委员们撰写的。
Most of the wine was unfit for human consumption. 这些酒中大部分都不适于人类饮用。
The average daily consumption of fruit and vegetables is around 200 grams. 每日平均果蔬摄入量约为200克。
The meat was declared unfit for human consumption. 这种肉被宣布不适于人食用。
Doctors say that we need to increase their consumption of fruit and vegetables. 医生们说我们需要多给他们吃水果和蔬菜。
You need to reduce your alcohol consumption. 你要少饮酒。
Her speech to party members was not intended for public consumption (= to be heard by the public). 她对党员发表的讲话并不打算公诸大众。
The documents were not for public consumption. 这些文件不对公众公开。
The hardline speech appears to be mostly for domestic consumption. 强硬路线的讲话似乎主要是说给国内人听的。
The report was obviously designed for the consumption of members of the War Committee. 该报告显然是为战争委员会的委员们撰写的。
Consumption rather than saving has become the central feature of contemporary societies. 现代社会的主要特征是消费而不是储蓄。
Recycling the waste from our increased consumption is better than burning it. 对我们增加消费产生的垃圾进行回收要好过将其焚烧。
The production and consumption of goods and services is the ultimate aim of all economic endeavour. 生产并消费商品和服务是一切经济活动的终极目标。
conspicuous consumption (= buying expensive goods in order to impress people and show how rich you are）炫耀性消费 
It is important that the recovery be export-led rather than led by domestic consumption. 经济复苏应由出口而不是国内消费带动，这一点很重要。
Half of the small crop was kept for home consumption. 不多的粮食收成中，一半被留作国内消费。
household consumption 家庭消费 
individual, personal consumption 个人消费 
mass consumption 大众消费 
public consumption公共消费 
private consumption 私人消费 
households that save for future consumption 为未来消费存钱的家庭 
alcohol, beer, cigarette, drug, food, meat, tobacco, wine 酒类消费；啤酒消费；香烟消费；药品消费；食品消费；肉类消费；葡萄酒消费 
The industry faced a serious challenge in trying to stimulate consumption. 在刺激消费方面，该行业曾面临严峻挑战。
consumption expenditure 消费开支 
consumption levels 消费水平 
consumption rate 消耗率
consumption habits, consumption patterns 消费习惯；消费模式 
consumption goods 消费品 
consumption tax 消费税

vt. 以一种残忍或暴力的方式来对待人或动物，即虐待，尤指性虐待:
n. [U, pl.] 对某人的不公平对待、残忍或暴力的对待，即虐待:
n. [U] 粗鲁或冒犯性的辱骂，恶语，常为异常生气时说出，相当于insults:
vt. 对某人进行辱骂或恶语相向，可以直接面对被骂者，也可以不直接面对被骂者而在背后进行诋毁，相当于insult:
vt. 1 误用或滥用（即用得太多）而伤害身体健康:
2 不公平或错误地运用权力或知识:
n. [U, sing.] abuse (of sth) 以一种错误或有害的方式来使用…，相当于misuse:
vt. 1 误用或滥用（即用得太多）而伤害身体健康:
2 不公平或错误地运用权力或知识:
n. [U, sing.] abuse (of sth) 以一种错误或有害的方式来使用…，相当于misuse:
n. [U, sing.] abuse (of sth)（酒精、毒品等的）滥用，相当于misuse:
vt. 误用或滥用（即用得太多）而损害身体健康:
abuse |[ə'bju:z]
All the children had been physically and emotionally abused. 所有这些儿童的身心都受到了摧残。
emotional, physical, psychological, sex, sexual abuse 情感虐待；肉体虐待；心理摧残；性虐待 
prisoner abuse 虐待囚犯 
victims of child abuse 虐童案的受害人 
human rights abuses 亵渎人权
verbal abuse 辱骂 
personal, racist abuse 人身攻击；种族诽谤 
a stream of abuse 一连串辱骂 
a target of abuse 辱骂的对象 
a term of abuse 骂人的话 
The referee had been abused. 裁判遭到了谩骂。
to abuse alcohol, to abuse drugs 酗酒；嗜毒 
He abused his body with heroin. 他因吸食海洛因而把身体搞垮了。
She abused her position as principal by giving jobs to her friends. 她滥用自己作为校长的职权，把工作安排给她的朋友们。
to abuse his trust 辜负他的信任 
alcohol, drug abuse 酗酒；吸毒 
an abuse of power 滥用职权 
What she did was an abuse of her position as manager. 她的所作所为是滥用经理职权。
The legal system is open to abuse. 这种法律制度容易被钻空子。
to abuse alcohol, to abuse drugs 酗酒；嗜毒 
He abused his body with heroin. 他因吸食海洛因而把身体搞垮了。
She abused her position as principal by giving jobs to her friends. 她滥用自己作为校长的职权，把工作安排给她的朋友们。
to abuse his trust 辜负他的信任 
alcohol, drug abuse 酗酒；吸毒 
an abuse of power 滥用职权 
What she did was an abuse of her position as manager. 她的所作所为是滥用经理职权。
The legal system is open to abuse. 这种法律制度容易被钻空子。
alcohol, drug abuse 酗酒；吸毒 
to abuse alcohol, to abuse drugs 酗酒；嗜毒 
He systematically abused his body with heroin and. 他因吸食海洛因一步一步地把身体搞垮了。

adj.（所给予的暗示）明显的:
adj. [美] 以性作为笑料的，即粗俗滑稽的:
adj. 包含各种各样的人或事物的，即广泛的:
adj. 1 宽阔的；广阔的。相当于wide。此时一般可以和wide互换使用:
2 用于表示距离的量度之后，以表明某事物的宽度。此时通常也可以和wide互换使用:
3（陆地或水域）开阔的，辽阔的:
adj.（人）口音重的，乡音浓的，让人一听就知道从哪儿来的，相当于strong，但不太如strong常用:
adj. 只作前置定语，指概括的，笼统的，广义的，不具体的:
broad |[brɔ:d]
a broad hint 明确的暗示
broad humor 粗俗的幽默
a broad range of products 各种各样的产品 
a broad spectrum of interests 广泛的兴趣 
There is broad support for the government’s policies. 政府的政策得到了广泛的支持。
He questioned whether the curriculum was broad enough in scope. 他对学校课程设置面是否够宽有疑问。
broad street, broad river 宽阔的街道；宽广的河流 
broad shoulders 宽肩 
a broad smile 咧嘴笑 
two metres broad and one metre high 两米宽，一米高 
a broad expanse of water 一片辽阔的水域
the broad outline of a proposal 提案的纲要 
broad agreement 意见大致相同 
She’s a feminist, in the broadest sense of the word. 广义而言，她算是个女权主义者。
in broad terms 从大体上说

~ (to/for sth)（对某种情况或目的来说）不合适的、不恰当的:
2（人的言行）不合时宜的、不得体的:
inappropriate |[ˌɪnəˈprəʊpriət;美-ˈproʊ-]
adj. 1 ~ (for sb/sth) (to do sth) 
 The industry is inappropriate to the region's present and future needs. 该行业不适合该地区当前和未来的需要。
There is no suggestion that clients have been sold inappropriate policies. 无迹象表明向客户售出了不适用的保险。
This treatment was highly inappropriate in her case. 就她的情况来看，这种治疗方法极不合适。
The size of the machines makes them inappropriate for domestic use. 这些机器太大，不适合家用。
The existing library is totally inappropriate to our needs. 现有的图书馆完全不能满足我们的需要。
inappropriate behaviour, inappropriate language 不恰当的行为；不得体的语言 
It would be inappropriate for me to comment. 由我评论并不恰当。
clothes inappropriate to the occasion 不得体的衣着 
Your bright red coat would be quite inappropriate for a funeral. 你那件亮红色外套很不适合参加葬礼。
I feel the remark was inappropriate for such a serious issue. 我认为对如此严肃的问题来说，该评论不合时宜。
It was felt inappropriate by some that such a serious occasion should include dancing. 有些人觉得在如此庄重的场合安排跳舞不合。
It is inappropriate for a judge to belong to a discriminatory club. 法官参加一个带歧视性的俱乐部是不合适的。
culturally, sexually, socially inappropriate 文化上不适当；性方面不宜；社交上不合适

adj.（常作前置定语）影响全世界的；世界各地的:
adv. 在全世界:
worldwide |['wə:ld͵waɪd]
an increase in worldwide sales 全球销售额的增长 
worldwide attention 全世界的关注 
a worldwide epidemic 一次世界性的疾病流行 
We have 8 000 members worldwide. 我们在全世界有8000名成员。

adj. 1 必须得到严格遵守的，即严格的:
2 要求某个（或某些）规则（尤指行为规则）应该得到遵守的，即要求严格的，严厉的:
3 严格遵守某一宗教的教规、信条等的:
adj. 常用于名词前，定义确切而清晰的（如严谨的、严密的、精密的）:
strict |[strɪkt]
strict rule, strict regulation, strict discipline 严格的规则；严格的规章制度；严格的纪律 
She left strict instructions that she was not to be disturbed. 她严格指示不得打扰她。
He told me in the strictest confidence. 他相信我绝对口紧，便告诉了我。
She’s on a very strict diet. 她正严格节食。
strict teacher, strict parents, strict disciplinarian 严格的教师；严厉的父母；严厉的执行纪律者 
She’s very strict about things like homework. 她对作业之类的事要求非常严格。
They were always very strict with their children. 他们对子女一向十分严格。
strict Muslim 恪守教规的穆斯林 
strict vegetarian 纯粹的素食者
It wasn’t illegal in the strict sense (of the word). 严格说来，这不算违法。

n. [C] means (of doing sth/of sth) 达成一个结果所采用的一种行动、一个物体或一个体系；达成某事或做某事所采用的一种方法、方式、途径，常翻译为“手段”:
n. [C] means (of doing sth/of sth) 达成一个结果所采用的一种行动、一个物体或一个体系；达成某事或做某事所采用的一种方法、方式、途径，常翻译为“手段”:
n. [pl.] 一个人所拥有的金钱、钱财，与finances词义相近，不过means常指私人的财力:
means |[mi:nz]
means of communication, means of identification, means of transport 通信手段；身份证件；交通工具 
the means for achieving happiness 获得幸福的方法 
legal, illegal means 合法手段；非法手段 
Painting had become his primary means of self-expression. 绘画已成为他自我表达的主要手段。
Is there any means of contacting him? 有没有什么办法和他取得联系？
means of communication, means of identification, means of transport 通信手段；身份证件；交通工具 
the means for achieving happiness 获得幸福的方法 
legal, illegal means 合法手段；非法手段 
Painting had become his primary means of self-expression. 绘画已成为他自我表达的主要手段。
Is there any means of contacting him? 有没有什么办法和他取得联系？
People should pay according to their means. 人们应该按照各自的负担能力来消费。
He doesn’t have the means to support a family. 他无钱养家。
The fees are beyond the means of most people. 费用超过了大多数人的承受能力。
to live within your means 量入为出 
a man of means 一个有钱人 
private means 私人收入 
to have independent means 有独立收入 
means test 经济状况调查

vt. ~ sth (to sb) 使某事为人所知:
vt. 显露出先前不能被看到的事物:
reveal |[rɪˈvi:l]
to reveal a secret 泄露一条秘密 
She has refused to reveal the whereabouts of her daughter. 她不肯透露她女儿的行踪。
Details of the murder were revealed by the local paper. 地方报纸披露了谋杀的细节。
Officers could not reveal how he died. 警察们不能透露他的死因。
It was revealed that important evidence had been suppressed. 据透露，重要的证据被隐瞒了。
The report reveals (that) the company made a loss of £20 million last year. 报告显示，公司去年亏损2 000万英镑。
A survey of the British diet has revealed that a growing number of people are overweight. 对英国人饮食进行的一项调查显示有越来越多的人超重。
He laughed, revealing a line of white teeth. 他笑了起来，露出一排洁白的牙齿。
A grey carpet was removed to reveal the original pine floor. 一块灰色的地毯被揭开，露出了原来的松木地板。
The door opened to reveal a cosy little room. 房门打开，一间温暖舒适的小屋展现在眼前。
She crouched in the dark, too frightened to reveal herself. 她蜷缩在黑暗中，吓得不敢露面。

vt. 使一个职位、一份协议等更确定或更正式，或使某人或某事稳固确立。如批准、确认、认可:
vt. 常用被动式，使某人彻底成为一名基督徒或天主徒，即给某人施坚信礼、施放坚振:
vt. 1（尤指通过提供证据来）证明、证实、确认（某事是真实的或正确的）:
confirm sb (in sth) 使某人更强烈地感觉或相信某事:
confirm |[kən'fə:m]
After a six-month probationary period, her position was confirmed. 经过六个月的试用期后，她获准正式担任该职。
He was confirmed as captain. 他获得正式任命担任队长。
She was confirmed when she was thirteen. 她十三岁时受坚信礼。
Rumours of job losses were later confirmed. 裁员的传言后来得到了证实。
His guilty expression confirmed my suspicions. 他内疚的表情证实了我的猜疑。
Please write to confirm your reservation. 预订后请来函确认。
It has been confirmed that the meeting will take place next week. 已经确定会议将于下个星期召开。
to confirm my view 印证我的看法 
2 confirm sth 
The walk in the mountains confirmed his fear of heights. 在山里步行使他更加确信自己有恐高症。

consensus (that ...)指一个群体内所有成员所达成的共识。其含义已为agreement所完全包括，只是consensus使用的语境通常较为正式:
consensus |[kən'sensəs]
consensus (about sth) 
There is a growing consensus of opinion on this issue. 对这个问题的看法日趋一致。
a universal consensus about the problems of the exchange rate system 关于汇率机制问题的普遍共识 
tacit, unspoken consensus 默契 
scientific consensus 科学界的共识 
a lack of consensus 缺乏共识 

n. [C] 商业、政治等的代理人或经纪人（即代表该组织与其他人打交道的一个人）:
n. [C] [正式] 对一种情况产生重要影响的一个人或事物:
n. [C] 演员、音乐人等的代理人或经纪人（负责与外界打交道）。是此义的一个基础用词:
n. [C] [术语]（产生作用、变化或用作某一用途的）化学剂或化学物质:
n. [C] 演员、音乐人、运动员、作家等的代理人或经纪人（负责与外界打交道）:
n. [C] 专指政府的特工、特务或间谍。在词义本质上，agent与spy几无区别，但agent在公开场合和非公开场合均可使用，（如一国政府常把为本国从事这项工作的人对外称为agent，此时词义色彩比较中性；但外国尤其是敌对国对该国的这些人则可称为spy，此时词义色彩含有贬义）而spy则始终是一种secret agent，强调隐蔽性:
n. [sing.] 动作的发出者，即施动者:
agent |['eɪdӡənt]
booking, ticket, travel agent 预订代理人；票务代理商；旅行代办商 
advertising, publicity agent 广告代理人；广告员 
estate（英）, real estate（美）agent 房地产经纪人 
insurance agent 保险代理人 
local agents 当地代理商 
an agent for a shipping company 一家航运公司的代理商 
parliamentary agent（英）受托在议会为党派效力的议员 
border-patrol, law enforcement agent 边境巡逻人员；执法人员
The charity is an agent for social change. 这个慈善组织是推动社会变革的力量。
human, moral, rational agent 人类的力量；道德的力量；理性的力量 
I told him I couldn’t stop him and that he was a free agent. 我告诉他我无法阻止他，他有行动自由。
theatrical agent 剧院经纪人 
talent agent 星探
cleaning agents, oxidizing agents 去污剂；氧化剂
theatrical agent 剧院经纪人 
literary, sports, talent agent 文稿出版代理人；体育经纪人；星探
intelligence agent 情报人员 
enemy, foreign agent 敌探；外国特工 
federal, government agent 联邦特工；政府特工 
secret, special, undercover agent 密探；特务 
double agent 双重间谍


neighborhood | 邻里,附近,邻居,邻里关系

vi. [较正式] participate (in sth) 参加或参与某一活动:
participate |[pɑː'tɪsɪpeɪt]
She didn’t participate in the discussion. 她没有参加讨论。
to participate in the running of the company 参与公司运作 
to participate in the decision-making process 参与决策过程 
to participate in the study 参与研究 
Other countries were invited to participate in the project. 其他国家也受邀来参与这一项目。

adj.（争论、评论、想法等）基于合理原因的（如基于逻辑或事实的）:
adj. 被计算机系统所接受或认可的:
adj.（票或其他文件、行为）为法律或官方所认可的，是此义的常规用词:
adj. 足够重要或严肃的（因而值得去说或做的）:
valid |['vælɪd]
valid reasons, valid assumptions, valid arguments 合理的理由；合理的假设；合理的论证 
a logically valid deduction 符合逻辑的推论 
a valid set of moral principles 一套合理的道德准则 
He made a valid point. 他说得对。
We accepted several different approaches as valid. 我们承认几种不同的方法都很有道理。
a valid filename 有效的文件名 
a valid password 有效密码
a valid passport 有效的护照 
to be legally valid 有法律效力 
The original written contract was held valid. 合同原件被认为有效。
These discounts are valid for students. 这些折扣对学生有效。
a valid form 一种重要的形式
