initially						起初
slightly						略微的，纤细的
objection						反对
atmosphere						大气，空气，气氛
assign						分配，指派，确定
evidence						证据，证词，迹象，证明
racially						在种族上
exclude						拒绝...参加，排除，开除
available						可获得的，有空的，单身的
puzzling						谜，使困惑，苦思冥想
evaluation						评估
irritate						使恼怒，刺激
distinguished					优雅高贵的，著名的
depressing						令人沮丧的
mutually						互相，对于双方
mission						任务，代表团，使命
migration						移居，迁徙，转移
site							地点，营地，现场，选址
expectation					预料，希望
update						更新
gear							用具，设备，所有物，排档，使...适合于
reproductive					繁殖的
incredible						难以置信的，美妙的
backward						向后的，倒退的，落后的，犹豫的
raise							举起，提高，提出，扶养大
prohibit						禁止，阻止
bother						打扰，使...不安，费事
pose							摆姿势，构成
strike a pose					装模作样
instrument						器械，乐器，仪表
mask							面罩，伪装，掩盖
\\\\\\\\

at first:起初
initially |ɪˈnɪʃəli| Adverb/:原来,最初,一开始
initially, he thought the new concept was nonsense:最初，他认为新概念是胡说八道

to a small degree, not considerably:在很小程度上，不是很大
(with reference to a person's build) in a slender way:（参考人的身材）以细长的方式
slightly |ˈslʌɪtli| Adverb/:轻微地,略,稍微
he lowered his voice slightly:他稍微压低了声音
a slightly built girl:一个身材矮小的女孩

~ (that…) 反对；异议:
objection |[əbˈdʒekʃn]
I have no objection to him coming to stay. 我不反对他来小住。
I'd like to come too, if you have no objection. 如果你不反对，我也想来。
The main objection to the plan was that it would cost too much. 反对这个计划的主要理由是费用过高。
to raise an objection to sth 对…提出异议 
No objections were raised at the time. 当时没人提出异议。
I have no objection to banks making money. 我对银行营利并不抵触。
I no longer have any objection to your going to see her. 我不会再因为你去见她而不高兴。
The proposal will go ahead despite strong objections from the public. 尽管公众强烈反对，这项提案仍将付诸实施。
Some managers have recently raised objection to the PFA handling these negotiations. 一些主教练最近就英格兰职业足球运动员协会负责这些谈判提出了异议。
Despite objections by the White House, the Senate voted today to cut off aid. 参议院不顾白宫的反对于今天投票决定中止援助。

n. [C, U]（某地、某种情况或某个群体中的）气氛，氛围。是一个常规用词:
n. 1 [sing.] the atmosphere 可指（围绕地球的）大气，大气层，大气圈（是一种气体混合物）:
2 [C]（围绕其他行星或恒星等天体的）气体（常是混合气体）:
n. [C]（房间、封闭空间或某处的）空气:
atmosphere |['ætməsfɪə]
a party atmosphere 聚会的气氛 
a friendly atmosphere 友好的气氛 
a romantic atmosphere 浪漫的气氛 
The restaurant has a comfortable atmosphere. 这家餐馆的氛围令人很舒服。
He grew up in an atmosphere of violence. 他在暴力的环境中长大。
The old house is full of atmosphere. 这座老房子情趣盎然。
an atmosphere of hostility and tension 敌对和紧张的气氛 
political, academic atmosphere 政治氛围；学术气氛 
Earth’s atmosphere 地球大气层 
lower, upper atmosphere 低层大气；高层大气 
pollution of the atmosphere 大气污染 
Saturn’s atmosphere 土星的大气
heavy, humid, oppressive, polluted, stuffy atmosphere 沉闷的空气；潮湿的空气；压抑的空气；被污染的空气；闷热的空气 
the atmosphere of towns and cities 城镇的空气 
These plants love warm, humid atmospheres. 这些植物喜欢温暖潮湿的空气。
Last night’s storm had cleared the atmosphere. 昨夜的暴风雨使空气变得清新。

~ (sb) sth 把某物分配给某人使用:
~ (sb) sth 分派工作或布置任务给某人:
vt. ~ sth to sth 确定某事物有某个价值、数值或功能，如赋予:
vt. [法律] ~ sth to sb 转让财产或权利:
vt. ~ sb (to sth/as sth) 把一项特定的任务或一个职位指派给某人:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb to sb/sth 委派某人到另一个人的手下（或到一个群体里）工作:
vt. ~ sth to sth 确定某事物有某个价值、数值或功能，或确定某事发生在某时或某地:
assign |[əˈsaɪn]
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 
We have been assigned the two large classrooms. 我们分得了这两间大教室。
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 
The teacher assigned each of the children a different task. 老师给每个儿童都布置了不同的作业。
He assigned a topic to his students. 他给他的学生们布置了一个题目。
to assign a research paper 布置一篇研究论文 
Under Mr. Harel's system, each business must assign a value to each job. 根据哈雷尔先生的体系，每个企业必须赋予每份工作一定的价值。
Assign the letters of the alphabet their numerical values — A equals 1, B equals 2, etc. 给字母表里的每个字母赋予相应的数值——A等于1，B等于2，等等。
The selling broker is then required to assign a portion of the commission to the buyer broker. 卖方经纪人须随后将部分佣金分给买方经纪人。
The agreement assigns copyright to the publisher. 协议规定将版权转让给出版商。
He assigned her all his land in Ireland. 他把自己在爱尔兰的所有土地都转给了她。
British forces have been assigned to help with peacekeeping. 英国军队被派遣协助维持和平。
They've assigned their best man to the job. 他们指派了最优秀的人担任这项工作。
I was assigned to B platoon. 我被派到B排工作。
Did you choose Russia or were you simply assigned there? 你是自己选择去的俄罗斯还是就是被派到那里的？
Assign a different colour to each different type of information. 给每类信息分别确定一种颜色。
The painting cannot be assigned an exact date. 这幅画的年代确定不了。

n. [U] 法庭上的证据。是此义的常规用词，极为常用:
vt. [正式] 常用被动式，证明或表明…，作为…的证据，相当于testify to:
evidence (to suggest, show, etc.) 让人相信某事的事实、迹象或物体，即证据，根据。是一个常规用词，最常用:
evidence |['evɪdəns]
prima facie evidence（法律用语）初步证据 
corroborative evidence 佐证 
to withhold crucial evidence 隐瞒关键证据 
circumstantial evidence 间接证据 
to give false evidence 作伪证 
to destroy evidence 销毁证据 
The court was shown photographic evidence. 有人向法庭出示了影像证据。
The legal profession is still a largely male world, as evidenced by the small number of women judges. 法律界在很大程度上仍然是男人的世界，这一点从女法官的人数屈指可数即可得到证实。
evidence (that ...) 
documentary, photographic evidence 书面证据；影像证据 
archaeological evidence 考古学证据 
DNA, forensic, scientific evidence DNA证据；法医证据；科学证据 
false evidence 假证据 
convincing evidence 可靠的证据 
There is ample evidence that the world is getting hotter. 有大量的证据表明全球正在变暖。
The room bore evidence of a struggle. 房间里有搏斗过的痕迹。

in a way that relates to race or racial difference:以与种族或种族差异有关的方式
racially |ˈreɪʃəli| Adverb/:,在种族上
racially diverse rural counties:种族多样化的农村县

vt. ~ sth (from sth)（做某事或考虑某事时）故意将…排除在外:
vt. 阻止某人或某事物进入一个地方或参加某事:
vt. 排除…的可能性:
exclude |[ɪkˈsklu:d]
The cost of borrowing has been excluded from the inflation figures. 通胀数字未包括借贷成本。
Unlawfully obtained evidence is not automatically excluded from a criminal trial. 非法获得的证据并不自动排除在刑事审判之外。
a clause that seeks to exclude liability for death or serious injury 一项旨在免除对造成死亡及重伤担负责任的条款 
Try excluding fat from your diet. 平时用餐时尽量避免含脂肪的食品。
They eat only plant foods, and take care to exclude animal products from other areas of their lives. 他们只吃素食，在生活的其他方面也注意拒绝使用动物产品。
In some schools, Christmas carols are being modified to exclude any reference to Christ. 某些学校正在对圣诞颂歌进行修改，删除提及耶稣的内容。
Buses run every hour, Sundays excluded. 公共汽车每小时一班，星期天除外。
Women are still excluded from some London clubs. 伦敦有些俱乐部仍然拒绝妇女参加。
Concern is growing over the number of children excluded from school (= not allowed to attend because of bad behaviour).（英）对遭学校开除的儿童人数之众，人们越来越表关注。
She felt excluded by the other girls (= they did not let her join in what they were doing). 她感到自己受到其他女孩子的排斥。
The Academy excluded women from its classes. 该学院不招收女学生。
Women in such societies are effectively excluded from public affairs. 这类社会中的妇女实际上被排斥在公共事务之外。
Certain groups tend to be excluded from full participation in society. 某些群体往往被排斥而不能充分参与社会活动。
The measure would serve to exclude certain voters. 这项措施将能排除某些选民。
Many local people felt excluded from decisions that affected their own community. 很多当地人感到无法参与制定影响自己所在社区的决定。
the socially excluded（尤英）在社会上受排斥的人 
The army should be excluded from political life. 军队不应该涉足政治。
This was intended to exclude the direct rays of the sun. 其目的是阻挡直射的太阳光。
They have spent $3 million building fences around the National Park to exclude such pests. 为了阻止这类有害动物进入，他们已经耗资300万美元在国家公园周边建造围栏。
We should not exclude the possibility of negotiation. 我们不应该排除谈判的可能性。
The possibility of error cannot be absolutely excluded. 出错的可能性无法绝对排除。
The police have excluded theft as a motive for the murder. 警方已排除这起谋杀案中的偷窃动机。
I cannot entirely exclude the possibility that some form of pressure was applied to the neck. 我不能完全排除颈部受到某种压迫的可能性。
the pathological evidence, which does not exclude suicide 不排除自杀可能的病理学证据

adj. 可找到的:
adj.（一个人）有空去见别人的，或有空和别人谈话的，即有空的:
adj.（事物）可获得（或得到）的、可买到的、可找到的:
adj.（事物）可买到的:
available |[ə'veɪləbl]
Every available doctor was called to the scene. 所有能找到的医生都被召集到了现场。
Will she be available this afternoon? 今天下午她有空吗？
I’ll let you know as soon as she becomes available. 她一有空我就通知你。
not available for comment 没空评论（或无可奉告）
available resources, available facilities 可利用的资源；可利用的设施 
When will the information be made available? 何时才可以了解到情况？
Further information is available on request. 详情备索。
This was the only room available. 这是唯一可用的房间。
Every available doctor was called to the scene. 所有能找到的医生都被召集到了现场。
The books are available for purchase. 这些书可以买到。
The houses are built using locally available materials. 这些房子是就地取材建造的。
immediately available funds 可随时取用的资金 
Grants should be available for most students. 助学金应面向多数学生。
We’ll send you one as soon as it becomes available. 一有货我们就给您寄一个。
The product will now be made available throughout the market. 这种产品现在可以在市场上买到。
The books are available for purchase. 这些书可以买到。

causing one to be puzzled, perplexing:让人不解、迷惑
puzzling |ˈpʌzlɪŋ| Adjective/:令人费解,莫名其妙的
only one very puzzling question remains unanswered:只有一个非常令人费解的问题仍未得到解答

n. [C, U]（对数量、价值或品质作出的）评估、评价:
evaluation |[ɪˌvæljuˈeɪʃn]
objective, subjective evaluation（均尤美）客观的评价；主观的评价 
subjective evaluations of the costs 对成本的主观评估 
critical, empirical, statistical evaluation 批判性评价；实证性评价；统计性评价 
a critical evaluation of the film 对这部电影的批判性评价 
We'll revisit our initial evaluation. 我们会重新审核我们的初步评估。
negative, positive evaluation（均尤美）消极的评价；积极的评价 
She generally gets positive evaluations from her managers. 她通常会得到经理们的好评。
formal evaluation 正式评价 
job（尤英）, performance（尤美）evaluation 工作评估；业绩评估 
a new pay structure based on job evaluations 建立在工作评估基础上的新工资体系 
student evaluation（美）学生测评 
the end-of-course student evaluations 学生的结课测评 
annual evaluation（尤美）年度评估 
his employees' annual evaluations 他的雇员年度评估 
clinical, medical, psychiatric, psychological evaluation（均尤美）（英式英语通常用assessment）临床评估；医学评估；精神病学评估；心理学评估 
the results of clinical evaluations 临床评估结果 
We still have to carry out an evaluation of the results. 我们仍须对结果作出评价。
He is undergoing psychiatric evaluation. 他正在接受精神病学鉴定。
an evaluation of the health care system 对医疗制度的评价 
a recently completed evaluation of primary health care 最近完成的初级医疗保健评估 
symptoms that require medical evaluation 需要进行医学评估的症状 
evaluation procedure, evaluation process 鉴定程序；评估过程 
evaluation study 评估研究 
evaluation form（尤美）评定表 
During dinner, guests fill out a wine evaluation form. 晚饭中，客人填写了一张葡萄酒评价表。
evaluation criteria 评估标准 
The project developed a set of evaluation criteria. 这一项目形成了一套评估标准。
In their evaluation of the project, they considered only certain aspects of it. 在评估这个项目时，他们只考虑了其中的某些方面。
The new system is still under evaluation. 新体系还处在评估阶段。

vt.（尤指不断重复的事情）使某人烦恼；激怒:
vt. 刺激（皮肤或身体部位）（使其发痒或疼痛）:
irritate |[ˈɪrɪteɪt]
The way she puts on that accent really irritates me. 她故意操那种口音的样子实在令我恼火。
Their attitude irritates me. 他们的态度激怒了我。
That man really irritates me! 那个男人真令我恼火!
Perhaps they were irritated by the sound of crying. 也许他们被哭声惹烦了。
She was moody at times and easily irritated. 她有时候喜怒无常，很容易发火。
Wear rubber gloves while chopping chillies as they can irritate the skin. 切辣椒时要戴橡胶手套，因为辣椒会刺激皮肤。
Some drugs can irritate the lining of the stomach. 有些药物会刺激胃内壁。

adj.（人或其事迹、作品）非常成功、受尊重且名声好的，如杰出的、卓越的:
adj.（某人的外貌）让人看起来感觉很重要的，或者使人仰慕或尊重的。如高贵的、尊贵的、有尊严的:
distinguished |[dɪˈstɪŋgwɪʃt]
a distinguished career in medicine 在医学领域的辉煌生涯 
a distinguished academic family 杰出的学者之家
I think grey hair makes you look very distinguished. 我认为灰白的头发使你看上去很有尊严。
a distinguished gentleman 一位尊贵的绅士

adj. 令人抑郁、沮丧或消沉的:
depressing |[dɪˈpresɪŋ]
depressing sight, depressing thought 令人沮丧的景象；令人沮丧的想法 
Looking for a job these days can be very depressing. 如今求职有时会令人非常沮丧。
Yesterday's unemployment figures were depressing. 昨天的失业数字令人沮丧。
I'm rather keen to go on holiday in February because I think it's a very dismal, depressing month. 我很想2月份去度假，因为我觉得那是一个非常阴沉惨淡、令人抑郁的月份。
We found it a deeply depressing experience.（deeply尤为英式用法）我们觉得这次经历非常令人沮丧。

with mutual action, in a mutual relationship:与相互行动，在相互关系中
mutually |ˈmjuːtʃʊəli| Adverb/:相互,互相

n. [C] 慈善工作:
n. [C] [英，非正式]（极其艰巨且需长时间才能完成的）旅程:
vi. [非正式] 走艰苦的长途旅程（尤指去许多地方）:
n. 1 [C]（个人或团体所负有的）官方使命，尤指出使其它国家时所负有的使命:
2 [C] 某人内心中的使命、天职:
n. [C] 太空飞行任务:
n. [C] [英，非正式]（极其艰巨且需长时间才能完成的）任务:
n. [C]一个或一群士兵等所执行的一项重要任务，即军事行动:
n. [C] 负有外交使命的一群人；执行外交任务的地点:
n. [C] 布道或传教的地点:
n. [C, U]（尤指在海外的）传教，布道:
n. [C, U]（尤指在海外的）布道团:
mission |[ˈmɪʃn]
Christian mission 基督教慈善机构 
mission work 慈善工作 
mission hospital, mission school 慈善医院；慈善学校 
a mercy mission to aid homeless refugees 帮助无家可归的难民的慈善工作 
An aid team will be sent on a mercy mission to the earthquake zone. 将派遣一支救援队去地震灾区执行任务。
It's a mission to get there. 一路上要经历艰辛才能到达那里。
We had to mission round all the bars until we found him. 我们跑遍了所有的酒吧才找到他。         
Salisbury sent him on a diplomatic mission to North America. 索尔兹伯里派他到北美执行一项外交任务。
He has been on a mission to help end Lebanon's political crisis. 他已经被派执行一项旨在帮助结束黎巴嫩政治危机的使命。
a trade mission to China 赴华贸易使命 
a fact-finding mission 核查事实的工作 
a man with a mission 肩负使命的男子 
Her mission in life was to work with the homeless. 她以帮助无家可归者为己任。
He viewed his mission in life as protecting the weak from the evil. 他认为自己毕生的使命就是保护弱者不受邪恶势力的欺凌。
There is an enormous sense of mission in his speech and gesture. 他的一言一行都带着强烈的使命感。
A powerful sense of mission underpins everything he does. 强烈的使命感支撑着他所做的一切。
a US space mission 美国的太空飞行 
the first shuttle mission 首次航天飞行任务 
lunar, planetary mission 登月任务；登陆行星的任务 
manned, unmanned mission 载人航天任务；无人航天任务 
robotic mission 机器人航天任务 
experiments conducted on a space mission 航天飞机中进行的试验 
a successful spacecraft mission to Venus 至金星的成功的航天飞行 
mission control (= the people on earth who control and communicate with the people on the mission) 太空飞行的地面指挥人员 
The spacecraft lost contact with mission control. 航天器与地面指挥中心失去了联系。
a bomber that crashed during a training mission in the west Texas mountains 在得克萨斯州西部山区执行训练任务时坠毁的轰炸机
a joint Anglo-American mission 英美联合任务 
escort mission 护送任务 
suicide mission 自杀式行动 
fact-finding mission 实情调查任务 
bombing, combat, military mission 轰炸任务；战斗任务；军事任务 
The squadron flew on a reconnaissance mission. 这支空军中队执行一项侦察任务。
search-and-destroy mission 搜索歼敌任务 
rescue mission 营救任务 
peacekeeping mission 维和任务 
diplomatic mission 外交使命 
humanitarian mission 人道主义使命 
special mission 特殊使命 
secret mission 秘密任务 
The captain instructed them to abort the mission. 上尉命令他们中止执行任务。
He flew a total of 41 missions over Britain. 他驾驶军机在柏林上空飞过41次。
Our mission accomplished, we headed for home. 完成任务后，我们就返回了。
Their mission ended in failure. 他们的任务以失败告终。
Many regard his task as mission impossible. 很多人认为他的任务不可能完成。
a senior member of a diplomatic mission 外交使团的高级成员 
The US is sending a trade mission to China. 美国将派一个贸易代表团去中国。
the head of the British mission in Berlin 在柏林的英国使团团长 
the head of the mission in South Africa 驻南非代表团团长
I reside at the mission at St Michael's. 我住在圣·米歇尔教堂的传道会里。
schools, monasteries and other mission buildings 学校、修道院及其他布道场所
Gandhi's attitude to mission and conversion 甘地对于布道和改变信仰的态度 
They say God spoke to them and told them to go on a mission to the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere. 他们说上帝让他们去西半球最贫困的国家传播教义。
a Catholic mission in Africa 在非洲的天主教传教士

n. [U, C] 人员的迁徙:
n. [U, C] 鸟类或动物的迁徙:
n. [U, C]（计算机系统的）改变、迁移；（程序或硬件的）迁移，转移:
migration |[maɪˈgreɪʃn]
migration from rural to urban areas 从农村地区到城市的迁移 
The decline of the rural economy has caused urban migration. 农村经济的衰退已经导致许多人向城市迁移。
the forced migration of African slaves 非洲奴隶的被迫迁移 
illegal migration 非法移民 
the great waves of migration that took Europeans to the New World 把欧洲人带到新大陆的一波波巨大的移民潮 
mass migrations 大规模的迁移
the seasonal migration of birds 鸟的季节性迁徙 
autumn（尤英）, fall（美）, spring migration 秋季的迁徙；春季的迁徙 
annual migration 每年的迁徙 
internal, inward（尤英）migration 国内迁移 
northward migration 向北的迁徙 
changes in the migration routes of reindeer 驯鹿迁徙路线的改变

n. [C] [计算机] 网站、站点。相当于website:
vt. [常用被动式] 使…坐落在某地、为…选址:
n. 1 [C]（建筑物、城镇等的）地点、位置、建筑工地:
2 [C] 某事发生的地点，或有某种用途的地点:
site |[saɪt]
online dating sites 相亲网站 
official site 官方网站 
personal site 个人网站 
home site 主站点 
major news sites 主要新闻网站 
portal site 门户网站 
search site 搜索网站 
a music download site 音乐下载站点 
business, commercial, corporate, e-commerce site 企业网站；商业网站；公司网站；电子商务网站 
government site 政府网站 
auction, gambling, gaming, media, music, news, newspaper, review, shopping, travel site 拍卖网站；赌博网站；游戏网站；媒体网站；音乐网站；新闻网站；报纸网站；评论网站；购物网站；旅游网站 
site design 网站设计 
site content 网站内容 
site link 网站链接 
site administrator 网站管理员 
site visitor 网站访问者 
At this site you'll find all the latest news and gossip. 在这个网站你会找到所有最新的新闻和八卦消息。
The sofeware sell on the site for $30. 这个软件在网上售价30美元。
sites about Japan 关于日本的网站 
the most popular sites for children 最受儿童欢迎的网站 
I'm searching for sites on aromatherapy. 我正在搜索关于芳香疗法的网站。
There was a meeting to discuss the siting of the new school. 已开会讨论了新学校的选址。
The castle is magnificently sited high up on a cliff. 城堡坐落在高高的悬崖，十分壮观。
He said chemical weapons had never been sited in Germany. 他声称从未在德国部署过化学武器。
a damp, old castle, romantically sited on a river estuary 坐落在河湾之上的一座阴冷潮湿的古城堡，仿佛传奇中描述的一般
the site of a sixteenth century abbey 一座十六世纪的修道院的旧址 
the site of Moses' tomb 摩西的墓址 
the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem, which is regarded by some as Christianity's holiest site 耶路撒冷圣墓教堂——一些人眼中基督教最神圣的地方 
good, prime（尤英）site 好的地皮；黄金地段 
houses built on prime -sites with stunning views 在黄金地段上建造的风景迷人的房子 
some potential sites for the new business 新厂的几个备选地址 
building（尤英）, construction（尤美）, development（尤英）site 建筑工地；施工工地 
demolition site 拆除现场 
derelict site（英）废弃地块 
industrial, manufacturing site 工业用地；制造工厂 
commercial site 商业用地 
factory, hospital, school site（均尤英）厂址；医院院址；校址等面 
brownfield, greenfield（均英）site 棕色地带（待重新开发的城市用地）；绿色开发区（待开发的城市用地）
The site is designated for housing. 这块地定为房屋用地。
The council has earmarked the site for possible redevelopment. 委员会已经指定这一地块有可能重新进行开发。
A local company has recently acquired the site. 最近一家地方企业得到了这块地。
The hotel is in a prime site overlooking the sea. 宾馆俯瞰大海，地段绝佳。
Hard hats must be worn on site. 在工地上必须戴安全帽。
He was injured on a construction site. 他在建筑工地上受了伤。He became a hod carrier on a building site. 他在建筑工地上当起了小工。
A site has been chosen for the new school. 已为新学校选了校址。
All the materials are on site so that work can start immediately. 所有材料都已运抵工地，可以立即开工。
a bat sanctuary with special nesting sites 专门辟出了筑巢处的蝙蝠禁猎区 
ancient, archaeological, historic, historical, prehistoric site 古代遗址；考古现场；历史遗址；史前遗址 
holy, sacred site 神圣场所 
an extremely sensitive site of national importance 对国家至关重要、极为敏感的地点 
remote site 偏远的地方 
accident, bomb, crash, disaster site 事故现场；爆炸现场；坠机现场；灾难现场 
civic-amenity（英）, dump, landfill（英）, waste-disposal site 城市垃圾处理场；垃圾场；垃圾填埋场 
training site 训练场 
burial, grave site 墓地 
excavation site 发掘现场 
landing, launch site 着陆场；发射场 
the test site for the atom bomb 原子弹试验场 
camp site（通常用campsite）（英）露营地 
camping, caravan site（均英）野营地；旅行拖车停车场 
picnic site（尤英）野餐地 
allotment site（英）（城镇居民租用的）小块菜地 
dive, wreck site 潜水场地；沉船地点 
breeding, nest, nesting site 繁殖地；营巢地 
park-and-ride site（英）转乘停车场（供住在郊区的通勤者先自己驾车至此再换乘公共交通工具进城）
the site of the battle 战场 
Scientists have described the Aral sea as the site of the worst ecological disaster on earth. 科学家把咸海描述成地球上最严重的生态灾难发生地。
Plymouth Hoe is renowned as the site where Drake played bowls before tackling the Spanish Armada. 普利茅斯高地是德雷克在打败西班牙无敌舰队之前玩木球游戏的旧址，因此广为人知。

n. [U, C] 认为:
n. 1 [C, usually pl., U] 希望（发生某件好事），即希望，盼望:
2 [C, usually pl.] 对某事的发生方式或某人的行为方式的一种强烈的、近乎不切实际的期望（或指望）:
expectation (that ...)（因某事很可能发生而）认为某事将发生，即预料、预期:
expectation |[͵ekspek'teɪʃn]
There was a general expectation that he would win. 普遍认为他会获胜。
She went to college with great expectations. 她满怀希望地进了大学。
The results exceeded our expectations. 结果超出了我们的期望。
The numbers attending fell short of expectations. 出席的人数比期望的要少。
The event did not live up to expectations. 这项比赛有负众望。
Some parents have unrealistic expectations of their children. 有的父母对孩子的期望不切实际。
Unfortunately, the new software has failed to meet expectations. 遗憾的是新软件并不理想。
customer expectation 顾客预期 
market expectation 市场预期 
economic expectation 经济预期 
earnings expectation 收入预期 
career, life expectation 职业生涯的预期；寿命预期
The expectation is that property prices will rise. 预计地产价格会上涨。
Contrary to expectations, interest rates did not rise. 出乎意料的是利率并未上升。

vt. 1 通过添加新的部分等而使某事物更加现代化，如更新:
update sth 向某人提供关于某事物的最新信息；给某事物添加最新信息，相当于bring up to date:
n. [C] update (on sth) 某事物的最新版:
vt. 更新计算机程序等:
n. [C] 计算机程序的更新:
update |[ʌp'deɪt]
to update software 更新软件 
2 update sb (on sth) 
Our records are regularly updated. 我们的记录定期更新。
The road map has been fully updated. 道路图已全面更新了。
Could you update me on how the work is progressing? 你能告诉我最新的工作进展吗？
The files are continuously updated with new information. 这些文件不断加入新信息。
news, weather update 最新消息；最新天气状况 
business update 最新商业资讯 
live update 现场最新消息 
an update list 最新名单 
an update on the political crisis 有关这场政治危机的最新消息
to updated my software 更新我的软件 
the latest update 最近更新 
regular update 定期更新 
automatic update 自动更新 
online update 在线更新 
antivirus update 杀毒软件更新

vt. gear sth to/towards sth [常用被动式] 使与…相适应；使适合于:
n. [U, C] 用于谈论做某事的努力:
vt. gear sth to/towards sth [常用被动式] 使满足需要:
n. [U, C] 用于谈论做某事的速度:
vt. gear sth to/towards sth [常用被动式] 使为…而准备；使为了达到…而作好准备:
n. [U]（针对某种活动的）设备，用具，衣服:
n. 1 [U]（针对某种活动的）设备，用具，衣服:
2 [U]（非正式）衣服:
n. [U]（针对某种活动的）设备，用具，衣服:
n. [U] [非正式] 某人所拥有的东西，如所有物、财物:
n. [U]（常构成复合词）有特定用途的器械或装置:
n. [U] [俚语] 毒品（尤指海洛因）:
n. 1 [C, usually pl.]（车辆的）排挡、齿轮、传动装置:
2 [U, C]（车辆的）挡:
gear |[gɪə(r);美gɪr]
an economy exclusively geared towards/toward tourism 单纯发展旅游业的经济
Colleges are not always geared to the needs of mature students. 大学有时满足不了成人学生的需求。
Our training sessions are geared specifically to the needs of older workers. 我们的培训课程是专门针对年龄较大的工人的需要而开设的。
The party organization is moving into top gear as the election approaches.（英）随着选举的临近，这个政党的组织工作正在紧锣密鼓地进行。
to move into high gear（美）进入高速发展 
Coming out of the final bend, the runner stepped up a gear to overtake the rest of the pack. 赛跑者绕过最后一个弯道后开始加速，以图超越同组的其他选手。
My training was geared towards winning gold in Munich. 我为了在慕尼黑夺取金牌而进行训练。
camping, climbing, fishing, hiking, riding, running, sports, swimming gear 露营装备；登山用具；渔具；徒步旅行用具；骑马装备；跑步装备；运动装备；游泳装备 
breathing gear（尤英）呼吸装置 
firemen in breathing gear 戴着呼吸器的消防队员
camping, climbing, fishing, hiking, riding, running, sports, swimming gear 露营装备；登山用具；渔具；徒步旅行用具；骑马装备；跑步装备；运动装备；游泳装备 
breathing gear（尤英）呼吸装置 
firemen in breathing gear 戴着呼吸器的消防队员 
protective gear 保护装置 
The hot weather makes it hard for soldiers in protective gear. 炎热的天气使穿着防护服的士兵备受煎熬。
the plane's landing gear 飞机的起落架 
battle, combat, riot gear 作战服；防暴服 
About 100 officers in riot gear were needed to break up the fight. 大约需要100名穿防暴服的警察前来制止这场斗殴。
outdoor gear 户外运动服 
designer gear 名牌服装 
She was the only one wearing expensive designer gear. 她是当时唯一一位穿着昂贵的名牌服装的人 
She had her running gear on. 她穿着一身跑步服。
a group of men in combat gear 一群身着战斗服的人 
wearing the latest gear 穿着最新款式的衣服 
I used to wear trendy gear but it just looked ridiculous. 我以前常穿新潮的衣服，但看上去却滑稽可笑。
camping, climbing, fishing, hiking, riding, running, sports, swimming gear 露营装备；登山用具；渔具；徒步旅行用具；骑马装备；跑步装备；运动装备；游泳装备 
breathing gear（尤英）呼吸装置 
firemen in breathing gear 戴着呼吸器的消防队员
I've left all my gear at Dave's house. 我把我所有的东西都留在戴夫家了。
lifting, towing, winding gear 起重装置；牵引装置；卷扬装置
Are these people using gear and amphetamines at the same time? 这些人同时服用海洛因和安非他明吗？
Careless use of the clutch may damage the gears. 离合器使用不慎可能会损坏传动装置。
bottom, top gear（均英）最低挡；最高挡 
She was driving along in top gear. 她当时正以最高挡行驶。
high, low gear 高速挡；低速挡 
first, second gear 一挡；二挡 
reverse gear 倒挡 
Engage first gear and move off. 挂一挡起步。
It's difficult to steer and change/shift gear at the same time.（change尤为英式用法，shift为美式用法）很难一面操作方向盘一面换挡。
He found it hard to switch gears when he retired.（比喻用法）他发现退休后很难调整好状态。
She put the car into first gear and drove off. 她挂上一挡，开车走了。
Coming out of the final bend, the runner stepped up a gear to overtake the rest of the pack. 过了最后一个弯道，那个赛跑选手加速要超过其他选手。
He was crashing the gears because he was so nervous.（crash为英式用法）由于太紧张，他挂挡时车发出了咣当声。
She made a smooth gear change. 她轻松地换了挡。
gear lever, gear shift（美）, gear stick（通常用gearstick）（英）变速杆 
What gear are you in? 你挂的是几挡？
I was driving along in third gear. 我当时正以三挡行驶。
When parking on a hill, leave the car in gear. 在斜坡上停车时把汽车挂上挡。
On hills, he must use low gears. 在山上，他必须挂低速挡。
Leave the car out of gear. 把车换成空挡。
He drove wildly, crashing through the gears like a maniac. 他开车很野，发疯似的啪啦啪啦地换挡。

relating to or effecting reproduction:涉及或影响繁殖
reproductive |ˌriːprəˈdʌktɪv| Adjective/:,繁殖力
the female reproductive system:女性生殖系统

adj. 让人难以置信的:
adj. [非正式]（程度、数量、强度等）极大的:
adj. [非正式]（某人或某事物）极好的:
incredible |[ɪnˈkredəbl]
an incredible story 不可思议的故事 
It seemed incredible that she had been there a week already. 真让人难以置信，她已经在那里待了一个星期了。
It seemed incredible that people would still want to play football during a war. 在战时人们仍然想踢足球，这似乎不可思议。
We should not dismiss as lies the incredible stories that children may tell us. 我们不应把孩子们告诉我们的一些不可思议的故事当成谎话而不予理睬。
Most people find this claim utterly incredible. 多数人认为这一要求完全无法相信。
The glass elements require an almost incredible precision in manufacture. 这些玻璃元件的制造精度要求之高几乎难以置信。
an incredible amount of work 极大量的工作 
We import an incredible amount of cheese from the Continent. 我们从欧洲大陆进口数量惊人的奶酪。
There was an incredible din. 声音异常嘈杂。
The hotel was incredible. 这家旅馆棒极了。
You're pretty incredible, Barbara. 芭芭拉，你真是太了不起了。
The wildflowers will be incredible after this rain. 这场雨过后，野花会变得美不胜收。
Thanks for taking me, I had an incredible time. 谢谢你带我去，我玩得非常开心。        

adj. 1 与取得进步的方向相反的，即倒退的，退步的:
2 取得的进步比正常小的（即落后的）；发展缓慢的:
adv. 与取得进步的方向相反，即倒退地:
adv. 与平常做事的方式相反，即倒着地:
adj. 只用于名词前，向后的，朝后的；向后移动的:
adv. 向后，朝后:
backward |['bækwəd]
She felt that going back to live in her home town would be a backward step. 她觉得回到家乡生活就是没出息。
The current U.S. farm bill, however, is a big step backward. 然而，目前的美国农业法案却倒退了一大步。
a backward part of the country 该国的一个落后地区 
backward children 后进生 
to be technologically backward 在技术上落后 
This country is going backward. 这个国家正在倒退。
He works backward, building a house from the top downward. 他倒着干活，从上往下盖房子。 
a backward glance 回头瞥一眼 
The diver flipped over backward into the water. 跳水运动员向后翻腾跳入水中。
He took two steps backward. 他往后退了两步。
to draw the floss backward and forward between the teeth 在牙齿间来回拉动牙线  

vt. 筹集或筹措资金或召集人员，设法得到或形成…:
vt. 1 把…提举或移动到一个更高的水平线上:
2 raise sth (to sth) 增加、提高（…的数量或水平）:
vt. 移动…使其呈垂直状态，即直立；站立；坐直；使直立；使站立；使坐直。与lower反义（如果是抬起头，则相当于lift，此时二者无本质区别）:
vt. 引起；导致；使…出现（如唤起某种感情或引发某个疑问）:
vt. raise sb (from sth) 使某个死去的人起死回生，使复活。词义与rise无明显区别，只是raise为及物动词，而rise为不及物动词:
vt. 通过筹措资金或召集人员的方式来组建:
vt. [尤美] 抚养或养育（孩子或幼小的动物，直到其能照顾自己）:
vt. 使…自乘若干次:
vt.（通过无线电或电话）与某人取得联系并和其通话:
vt. 提及或提出一个主题、问题、目标等使人们注意，或供人们讨论或处理:
vt. 提高嗓门说话（尤指因生气而提高嗓门）:
vt. 饲养（牲畜）:
vt. 种植或培育（庄稼）。与plant相比，raise还有培育的一层含义，而plant一般仅表示播种或栽种:
n. [C] [美] 工资的增长，即加薪:
vt. 纸牌游戏中可指在另一玩牌人的基础上增加赌注:
vt. 终止或解除（对…的约束或限制）:
raise |[reɪz]
to raise a loan 筹集贷款 
We are raising money for charity. 我们在进行慈善募捐。
He set about raising an army. 他着手组建一支部队。
They raised the money to buy the house. 他们筹措了资金来买房子。
He raised a hand in greeting. 他扬起手表示问候。
She raised her eyes from her work. 她停下工作，抬起头看了看。
Milton raised the glass to his lips. 米尔顿举起杯子放到嘴唇边。
She raised the gun and fired. 她举枪射击。
They had raised the white flag in surrender. 他们已经升起白旗投降。
to raise salary, to raise price, to raise tax 提高薪水；提高价格；提高税金 
to raise interest rates 提高利率 
They raised their offer to $500. 他们将出价抬高到500美元。
to raise standards 提高标准 
I don’t want to raise her hopes. 我不想让她期望过高。
We managed to raise her to her feet. 我们终于让她站了起来。
He raised himself into a sitting position. 他起身坐了起来。
He raised himself up on one elbow. 他用一只胳膊肘支起身子。
to raise doubts in people’s minds 引起人们的怀疑 
to raised hopes 唤起希望 
to raise angry protests from local residents 惹得当地居民愤怒抗议 
He raised a laugh with his joke. 他的笑话引起了一阵笑声。
It had been a difficult day but she managed to raise a smile. 尽管这一天很不顺利，但她还是努力露出笑容。
The horses’ hooves raised a cloud of dust. 马蹄翻飞，扬起一片尘土。
Christians believe that God raised Jesus from the dead. 基督教徒相信上帝让耶稣死而复生。
He set about raising an army. 他着手组建一支部队。
They were both raised in the South. 他们俩都是在南方长大的。
My mother raised four of us kids virtually singlehandedly. 我母亲几乎是独自抚养大了我们四个孩子。
kids raised on a diet of hamburgers 吃汉堡包长大的孩子 
3 raised to the power of 3 is 27 (= 3×3×3). 3的三次方等于27。
We managed to raise him on his mobile phone. 我们打他的手机，总算找到了他。
The book raises many important questions. 这本书提出了许多重要问题。
I’m glad you raised the subject of money. 我很高兴你提到了钱。
to raised objections 提出异议
Don’t you raise your voice to me! 别对我高声大气！
to raise cattle 养牛
to raise corn 种植玉米
I’ll raise you another hundred dollars. 我比你再加100元。
to raise a blockade, to raise a ban, to raise an embargo, to raise a siege 解除封锁；解除禁令；解除禁运；解除包围

prohibit sb from doing sth 正式用法，常用被动式，（尤指以法律）禁止…。为正式或官方用法:
prohibit sb from doing sth 使某事不可能发生，即阻止，相当于prevent，但prevent为及物动词，且prevent更为常用:
prohibit |[prəʊ'hɪbɪt]
vt.＆vi. prohibit sth 
to prohibit tobacco advertising 禁止烟草广告 
Smoking in public areas is strictly prohibited. 公共场合严禁吸烟。
The law specifically prohibits any group from spending money for political purposes. 法律明确禁止任何团体将钱用于政治目的。
to constitutionally prohibit（尤美）宪法禁止 
The treaty prohibits nations from making claims in outer space. 该条约禁止各国在外太空有任何要求。
The high price prohibits many people from buying the product. 昂贵的价格令很多人对这款产品望而却步。
to prohibit the entry of seeds into the country 阻止种子进入该国

vi. bother (with/about sth)常用于否定句和疑问句，花费时间精力做某事:
vt. bother sb (about/with sth) 使某人烦恼、担忧或不安:
n. [sing.] [英] a bother 令人烦恼的一个情况、事物或人，相当于nuisance:
vt. 打断（或打扰）某人；（当对方不想与你交谈时）搭话烦扰:
n. [U] 麻烦或困难:
vt. bother sb (about/with sth) 给某人造成麻烦或痛苦:
bother |['bɒðə]
It’s not worth bothering with an umbrella--the car’s just outside. 不必打伞——汽车就停在外面。
I don’t know why you bother with that crowd. 我弄不懂你为什么和那伙人浪费时间。
Why bother asking if you’re not really interested? 如果你不是真的感兴趣，干吗费口舌打听呢？
He didn’t even bother to let me know he was coming. 他甚至连通知都没通知我他要来。
You don’t sound too bothered about it. 看来你并不十分担心这事。
I don’t want to bother her with my problems at the moment. 我此刻不想让她为我的事操心。
I hope I haven’t been a bother. 希望我没烦到你。
Stop bothering me when I’m working. 我工作时别来烦我。
Let me know if he bothers you again. 他要是再搅扰你，就告诉我。
Sorry to bother you, but there’s a call for you. 很抱歉打扰你一下，有你的电话。
I don’t want to put you to any bother. 我不想给你添乱子。
‘Thanks for your help!’ ‘It was no bother.’ “多谢你的帮助！”“没什么。”
Call them and save yourself the bother of going round. 给他们打个电话就免得你亲自去了。
I wouldn’t go to the bother of making the cakes myself. 我不会找麻烦自己做蛋糕的。
He’s in a bit of bother with the police. 他跟警方有点儿麻烦。
That sprained ankle is still bothering her. 她那扭伤的脚踝还在隐隐作痛。
‘I’m sorry he was so rude to you.’ ‘It doesn’t bother me.’ “对不起，他对你太没礼貌。”“没关系。”

present or constitute (a problem or danger):present或构成（问题或危险）
raise (a question or matter for consideration):raise（考虑的问题或事项）
assume a particular position in order to be photographed, painted, or drawn:假设一个特定的位置，以便被拍照、绘画或绘制
place (someone) in a particular position in order to be photographed, painted, or drawn:将（某人）置于特定位置以便拍照、绘画或绘画
pretend to be (someone or something):假装是（某人或某物）
behave affectedly in order to impress others:为了给别人留下深刻印象而做事
a way of standing or sitting, especially in order to be photographed, painted, or drawn:一种站立或坐着的方式，尤其是为了拍照、绘画或绘画
a particular way of behaving adopted in order to impress or to give a false impression:为了给人留下深刻印象或给人一种虚假印象而采用的特定行为方式
puzzle or perplex (someone) with a question or problem:puzzle或困惑（某人）有疑问或问题
pose |pəʊz| Noun/Verb/:摆姿势,构成
the sheer number of visitors is posing a threat to the area:数量庞大的游客对该地区构成威胁
the statement posed more questions than it answered:该声明提出的问题比它回答的要多
the prime minister posed for photographers:首相为摄影师合影
he posed her on the sofa:他把她摆在沙发上
an armed gang posed as policemen to ambush a postman:一个武装团伙冒充警察伏击邮递员
some people like to drive kit cars, but most just like to pose in them:有些人喜欢开套件车，但大多数人只是喜欢摆姿势
photographs of boxers in ferocious poses:拳击手凶猛姿势的照片
the man dropped his pose of amiability:那个男人放弃了他和蔼可亲的姿势
we have thus posed the mathematician and the historian:我们因此提出了数学家和历史学家

n. [C] [正式] instrument of sb/sth 受（更有力的人或事物）利用或控制的人:
n. [C] 用于执行某项任务的工具或设备，尤指精细的或科学工作所用的仪器、器械:
n. [C] [正式] instrument of/for sth（人达成目标所用的）手段；（促使某事发生的）人或事物:
n. [C]（交通工具、机器等上面用于测量速度、高度、声音等的）仪器，仪表:
n. [C] 用于执行某项任务的工具或设备，尤指精细的或科学工作所用的仪器、器械:
n. [C] [正式] instrument of/for sth（人达成目标所用的）手段；（促使某事发生的）人或事物:
n. [C] 乐器:
n. [C] 正式法律文件:
instrument |['ɪnstrəmənt]['ɪnstrəmənt]
an instrument of fate 受命运摆布的人
drawing, measuring, writing instrument 绘图仪器；测量仪器；书写工具 
astronomical, mathematical, medical, scientific instrument 天文仪器；数学仪器；医疗器械；科学仪器 
instruments of torture 刑具 
precision, sensitive instrument 精密仪器；灵敏仪器 
The autopsy revealed that the deceased had been hit with a blunt instrument. 尸检表明死者曾遭受过钝器的重击。
Even though it was a somewhat blunt instrument, our questionnaire provided us with some interesting ideas. 我们的调查问卷虽然有点儿不够精确，但仍然为我们提供了一些有趣的观点。
an instrument of diplomacy 外交手段 
an instruments of oversight 监督手段 
several instruments for dealing with this problem 处理这个问题的若干种方法 
political, financial, legal instrument 政治工具；金融工具；法律工具 
They saw criminal law as an instrument for improving public morals. 他们把刑法视为提高公众道德水平的一种工具。
the instrument panel 仪表盘 
the flight instruments 飞行仪表
drawing, measuring, writing instrument 绘图仪器；测量仪器；书写工具 
astronomical, mathematical, medical, scientific instrument 天文仪器；数学仪器；医疗器械；科学仪器 
instruments of torture 刑具 
precision, sensitive instrument 精密仪器；灵敏仪器 
The autopsy revealed that the deceased had been hit with a blunt instrument. 尸检表明死者曾遭受过钝器的重击。
Even though it was a somewhat blunt instrument, our questionnaire provided us with some interesting ideas. 我们的调查问卷虽然有点儿不够精确，但仍然为我们提供了一些有趣的观点。
an instrument of diplomacy 外交手段 
an instruments of oversight 监督手段 
several instruments for dealing with this problem 处理这个问题的若干种方法 
political, financial, legal instrument 政治工具；金融工具；法律工具 
They saw criminal law as an instrument for improving public morals. 他们把刑法视为提高公众道德水平的一种工具。
musical instrument 乐器 
classical instrument 古典乐器 
orchestral instrument 管弦乐器 
string, wind instrument 弦乐器；管乐器 
electric, electronic instrument 电乐器；电子乐器 
She plays three musical instruments. 她会演奏三种乐器。
The piece can be played on a keyboard instrument. 这首乐曲可以用键盘乐器来演奏。

vt. 1 掩藏感情、气味、事实等（使其他人不能确切知道）:
2 遮掩…（使人不能注意到或认出来…）:
n. [usually sing.]（对真实性格或感情的）隐藏，掩饰:
n. [C] 面膜:
n. 1 [C] 面具；面罩:
2 [C]（对毒气等有害物质进行隔离的）防护面具:
mask |[mɑːsk]
to mask his agitation 掩饰他的不安 
She masked her anger with a smile. 她以微笑掩饰怒火。
the smoke that masked the enemy 遮住敌人的烟雾 
Varnish tends to mask the natural grain of the wood. 罩光漆往往会遮盖木材的天然纹理。
His mask cracked, and she saw for an instant a violent man. 他的伪装破碎了，她瞬间看到了一个狂暴的男人。
Her face was a blank mask. 她脸上装出一副漠无表情的样子。
the mask of friendliness 友善的面具 
a mask for his lack of confidence 掩饰他的缺乏自信
a face mask 面膜
The robber was wearing a stocking mask. 劫匪戴着长筒袜面罩。
surgical mask 外科手术口罩 
oxygen mask 氧气面罩 
protective mask 防护面罩 
ski mask 滑雪面罩 
Halloween mask 万圣节面具 
gas mask 防毒面具 
dust mask 防尘口罩
