essential						完全必要的，本质的，必需品，基本要素
harvest						收割，结果
a good harvest					丰收
reject						驳回，拒绝
advancement					发展，晋升
skyrocket						飞涨
characteristic					典型的，独特的，特征
implication					暗示，可能的结果
measure						计量制，标准量，措施，评价，测量
in no small measure				在很大程度上
replacement					更换，替代品
easygoing						随和的
squeeze						挤，榨，塞入，挤压
exhibition						展览，显露
responsibility					负责，义务
enhance						提高，改善，增加
retain						保留，记住，挡住
convey						表达，传达，运送
regulation						规定，标准化的
integrity						正直，完整
combine						混合，搭配，使结合
permanency						永久性
catalogue						目录，一系列
council						议会
prepare						准备
inquiry						询问，调查
tension						紧张，张力，对立，电压
prompt						及时的，促使
attendance						出席人数，就诊
retail						零售
image							印象，图像，雕像，形象
quantity						数量，大量
\\\\\\\\

n. [usually pl.]（在某种情况中或做某事）必需的东西、必需品:
~ (to do sth) | ~ (that…) 完全必要的、必不可少的、（在某种情况中或对某一活动）极其重要的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 与某人或某事物的最重要方面（或本质）有关的，即本质的、根本的、基本的:
In this trial two essential elements must be proven: motive and opportunity. 在这次审讯中，必须证明两个基本因素:
n. [usually pl.] 关于某个主题或学科的最重要的方面或知识，如要点、实质、基础:
essential |[ɪˈsenʃl]
the bare essentials for existence 生存的必需品 
I only had time to pack the bare essentials (= the most necessary things). 我只来得及装上最基本的用品。
The relief agencies are trying to provide food and other basic essentials. 救援机构正努力提供食物和其他必需品。
The flat contained the basic essentials for bachelor life. 那套公寓配有单身生活的基本必需品。
The studio had all the essentials like heating and running water. 工作室里备有基本设施，如暖气装置和自来水。
adj. ~ (to/for sth) 
essential part, essential ingredient, essential component 必不可少的一部分；必不可少的成分；必不可少的组成部分 
Money is not essential to happiness. 金钱对于幸福并非必不可少。
Experience is essential for this job. 对于这个工作，经验是非常重要的。
essential services such as gas, water and electricity 诸如燃气、水、电等必不可少的设施 
The museum is closed while essential repairs are being carried out. 博物馆正在进行大修，在此期间暂停开放。
It is essential to keep the two groups separate. 将这两组隔开是完全必要的。
It is essential that you have some experience. 你必须得有些经验。
Even in small companies, computers are an essential tool. 即使在小公司里，计算机也是必不可少的工具。
It was absolutely essential to separate crops from the areas that animals used as pasture. 将庄稼和放牧区分开绝对必要。
As they must also sprint over short distances, speed is essential. 由于他们也必须进行短跑，因此速度至关重要。
It is becoming almost essential for students to have a second language. 学生掌握第二语言几乎是必需的了。
Increased competition makes it essential for the business to innovate. 日益激烈的竞争使企业创新变得极为重要。
Do you consider these textbooks essential for the course? 你认为这个课程必须采用这些教科书吗？
A printer is clearly essential to such a task. 显然，这一工作必须要有一台打印机。
Diet is crucial, exercise is equally essential. 饮食很关键，锻炼也同样必不可少。
Although useful, the accessories are by no means essential. 尽管这些配件很有用，但并非必不可少。
the skills essential for success 成功的必备技能 
He believed that some form of religion was essential to human life. 他认为宗教信仰对于人生不可或缺。
The essential difference between Sara and me is in our attitude to money. 我与萨拉的根本区别在于我们对金钱的态度。
The essential character of the town has been destroyed by the new road. 这个城镇的主要特色被这条新公路毁了。
Most authorities agree that play is an essential part of a child's development. 大多数权威人士都同意，玩耍在孩子成长过程中起着非常重要的作用。
the essentials of English grammar 英语语法基础 
The basic course covers the essentials of setting up your own company. 这一基础课程涵盖了自己开公司的关键要点。
You need to learn the essentials of HTML. 你要学会超文本标记语言的要点。
Just try and grasp the essentials of the argument. 只要试着抓住论据的要点即可。
Don't let's worry about the details at this stage. Let's concentrate on the essentials. 在这个阶段不要考虑细节，让我们把精力集中在最重要的事情上。
the essentials of everyday life, such as eating and exercise 饮食、锻炼等日常生活的要素 
This has stripped the contest down to its essentials. 这就使比赛精简到最基本的环节。

vt. 医学领域中，可指从人体上采集细胞或组织以用于医学实验等:
n. 1 [C, U] 庄稼的收获时节；庄稼的收割、收获:
2 [C] 收获的庄稼或收获的庄稼量，即收成:
vt.＆vi. 收割且采集（即收获）庄稼，捕获一定数量的动物或鱼以供食用:
harvest |['hɑːvɪst]
to harvest eggs 采集卵子
harvest time 收获时节 
During the harvest they work from dawn to dusk. 在收获季节他们从早忙到晚。
to reap the harvest of our hard work（比喻用法）收获我们辛勤劳动的成果 
We’ve had a bumper harvest of apples this year. 今年我们的苹果获得了大丰收。
She returned from conference with a rich harvest of knowledge.（比喻用法）她在会上长了很多学问，满载而归。
a series of poor harvests 连年歉收 
wheat harvest 小麦收成 
The strawberry harvest failed because of the drought. 干旱导致草莓绝收。
to harvest crops 收割庄稼

vt. 拒绝接纳一个求职者:
n. [C] 被一个团队、组织等所拒收的一个人:
vt. 没能给予一个人（或一只动物）足够的关心或关爱:
n. [C] 被一个团队、组织等所拒收的一个人:
vt. 1 拒绝接受或拒绝考虑某事物（如一个论点、想法、计划等）:
2（因某东西质量不够好而）决定不去使用、售卖、出版等:
3 没能给予一个人（或一只动物）足够的关心或关爱:
n. [C] 因有毛病或故障而不能使用或售卖的一个东西，即废品，次品:
vt.（因某东西质量不够好而）决定不去出版:
vt.（身体）排斥或排异（移植过来的新器官）:
vt.（因某东西质量不够好而）决定不去售卖:
n. [C] 因有毛病或故障而不能售卖的一个东西，即废品，次品:
vt. 拒绝接纳一个求学者:
reject |[rɪ'dӡekt][rɪ'dӡekt]
I’ve been rejected by the university. 这所大学没有录取我。
We considered offering him a job, but finally rejected him. 我们考虑过要给他这份工作，但最后还是拒绝了他。
When her husband left home she felt rejected. 丈夫离家后，她觉得遭到了抛弃。
one of society’s rejects 一名社会弃儿
to reject an argument, to reject a claim, to reject a decision, to reject an offer, to reject a suggestion, to reject a proposal, to reject a plan, to reject an idea, to reject a charge 拒绝接受一个论点；拒绝接受一项要求；拒绝接受一个决定；拒绝接受一项提议（或报价）；拒绝接受一个建议；否决一项提议；否决一项计划；拒绝一个想法；拒绝一项指控 
Their design was rejected in favour/favor of one by a rival company. 他们的设计遭到否决，而竞争公司的方案被选中了。
Imperfect articles are rejected by our quality control. 我们严把质量关，有问题的文章都被退回。
Consumers have the right to reject faulty goods and demand a refund. 顾客有权拒收次品，并要求退款。
The lioness rejected the smallest cub, which died. 母狮排斥最小的幼狮，把它饿死了。
Imperfect articles are rejected. 有问题的文章都被退回。
The organs are automatically rejected by the immune system. 这些器官受到免疫系统的自动排斥。
Consumers have the right to reject faulty goods. 消费者有权拒绝次品。
I’ve been rejected by all the universities I applied to. 所有我申请的大学都没有录取我。

n. [U] [正式]（工作的）晋升:
n. 1 [U, C] [正式]（对某事的发展的）促进、推动；进步、发展:
2 [U] [正式]（工作、社会地位等的）晋升、提升:
advancement |[ədˈvɑ:nsmənt;美-ˈvæns-]
There are good opportunities for advancement within the company if you have the right skills. 如果有合适的技能，在公司内部就有很好的晋升机会。
her advancement to the position of Supervisor 她晋升为主管 
career advancement 事业的发展 
advancement in the profession 职业的发展
the advancement of knowledge, the advancement of education, the advancement of science 知识的发展；教育的发展；科学的发展 
society's need for material advancement 社会对物质进步的需要 
economic, scientific, technical, technological advancement 经济的发展；科学的进步；工艺的改进；技术的进步 
advancements in science 科学上的进步 
There are good opportunities for advancement within the company if you have the right skills. 如果有合适的技能，在公司内部就有很好的晋升机会。
her advancement to the position of Supervisor 她晋升为主管 
He cared little for social advancement. 他不太在意社会地位的提升。
her work for the advancement of the status of women 她为提高妇女地位所作的工作 
individual, personal advancement 个人的提升 
career advancement 事业的发展 
advancement in the profession 职业的发展

a rocket designed to explode high in the air as a signal or firework.:一种火箭，设计用于在高空爆炸作为信号或烟花。
(of a price, rate, or amount) increase very steeply or rapidly:（价格、比率或数量）急剧或迅速地增加
skyrocket |ˈskʌɪˌrɒkɪt| Noun/Verb/:飞涨,飙升
the cost of the welfare system has skyrocketed:福利制度成本暴涨

n. [C] characteristic (of sth/sb) 某事物或某人所具有的一个典型特征或品质:
adj. characteristic (of sth/sb) 在某事物或某人的性格中非常典型的，如独特的、特有的:
characteristic |[͵kærɪktə'rɪstɪk]
a key characteristic of human society 人类社会的一个关键特征 
family characteristic 家族特征 
genetic, physical, psychological, sexual characteristic 基因特征；身体特征；心理特征；性征 
Personal characteristics, such as age and sex are taken into account. 个人的特征，如年龄和性别等，都要考虑进去。
The two species have several characteristics in common. 这两个物种有几个共同的特征。
She spoke with characteristic enthusiasm. 她说话带着特有的热情。
his characteristic features 他典型的特征 
a problem that was fairly characteristic of late 18th-century society 18世纪后期社会比较典型的一个问题

n. [U] ~ (of sb) (in sth)（被）牵连，牵涉（进罪案之中）:
n. [C, usually pl.] ~ (for/of sth)（一个行动或决策的）可能的影响（或作用）:
n. [C, usually pl.] ~ (for/of sth)（一个行动或决策的）可能的结果:
n. [C, U] 含意；暗指:
The implication was obvious: vote for us or it will be very embarrassing for you. 弦外之音很明显:
The implication is clear: young females do better if they mate with a new male. 含意很清楚:
implication |[ˌɪmplɪˈkeɪʃn]
He resigned after his implication in a sex scandal. 他在涉及一件性丑闻之后辞职了。
The development of the site will have implications for the surrounding countryside. 这个地点的开发将会影响周围的乡村。
They failed to consider the wider implications of their actions. 他们没有考虑到他们的行动会产生更广泛的影响。
The low level of current investment has serious implications for future economic growth. 当前低迷的投资水平会对未来的经济增长产生严重影响。
The broader implications of the plan were discussed. 对计划更为广泛的影响进行了讨论。
Now they realized the full implications of the new system. 他们现在认识到了新体制带来的全面影响。
negative implication 负面影响 
These results have important practical implications. 这些结果具有重大的实际意义。
commercial, economic, financial implication 商业影响；经济影响；金融影响 
environmental implication 环境影响 
educational, psychological, social, societal implication 教育影响；心理影响；社会影响 
political implication 政治影响 
the constitutional implications of a royal divorce 王室离婚事件对宪法的影响 
ethical, ideological, metaphysical, moral, philosophical, theological implication 伦理影响；意识形态影响；形而上学意义；道德影响；哲学影响；神学意义 
cost, health, policy, resource（尤英）, safety, security, tax implication 成本影响；健康影响；政策影响；资源影响；安全影响；治安影响；税收影响 
Her article attempts to draw out the implications of this argument. 她的文章试图揭示这一论据的意义。
Their work addresses the implications of new technology. 他们的工作是探讨新技术的意义。
Given the resource implications involved, the plan will have to be scaled down. 考虑到对资源的影响，计划规模不得不缩小。
The research has far-reaching implications for medicine as a whole. 这项研究对整个医学界都有深远影响。
The Attorney General was aware of the political implications of his decision to prosecute. 司法部长很清楚他决定起诉可能引发的政治后果。
theoretical implication 理论效果 
clinical, therapeutic implication 临床结果；治疗效果 
The emphasis on testing leads to greater stress among students and carries implications of failure. 强调考试会增加学生的压力，还可能导致考试不及格。
You need to consider the legal implications before you publish anything. 发表任何作品之前都必须考虑可能带来的法律后果。
a society that fully accepts the implications of disability 完全接纳残疾所带来后果的社会 
Several interesting implications arise from these developments. 这些新情况带来了几个有趣的结果。
disturbing implications about the company's future 关于公司未来的令人不安的后果
The implication in his article is that being a housewife is greatly inferior to every other occupation. 他那篇文章的含意是，当家庭主妇远远不如所有其他职业。
He criticized the Director and, by implication, the whole of the organization. 他抨击主管，其实是间接批评了整个机构。
The implication that marital infidelity enhances a leader's credibility is preposterous. 婚姻不忠会提升领导人可信度的暗示荒谬之极。
His remark seemed to have various possible implications. 他的话似乎暗含了好几层意思。
unspoken implication 没有明说的意思 
Brian paused for a moment while he digested the implications of this statement. 布赖恩停了片刻，琢磨这句话的言外之意。
I resent the implication that I don't care about my father. 我讨厌别人暗示我不关心父亲。
In refusing to believe our story, he is saying by implication that we are lying. 他拒不相信我们所讲的事情，言外之意就是我们在撒谎。

n. [C] measure (to do sth)（为达到某一目的所采取的）正式行动，可称为措施。是一个常规用词，最常用:
n. [C] [英]（尤指酒，如白兰地或威士忌）标准的一杯的量:
vt. measure (sb/sth) (for sth)（以标准单位来）测量，度量（尺寸、数量等）。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
Measure the length and width. 测量一下长和宽。linking verb.（尺寸、长度、数量等）量度的数值为…:
n. [C] 测量或计量所用的工具或仪器（如标有刻度单位的尺子、容器等）:
n. 1 [sing.] 表示尺寸、强度、严重程度等的标记，即尺度，标准，程度等:
2 [C, U] 用于度量的单位；计量体系或标准:
3 [C] [英]（尤指酒，如白兰地或威士忌）标准的一杯的量:
vt. 判断（或估量）…的重要性、价值、影响力等，相当于assess:
n. [C] 对…所做的判断或衡量:
n. [C] measure (to do sth)（为达到某一目的所采取的）正式行动，可称为措施。是一个常规用词，最常用:
n. [C] [美] [英用bar]（乐谱的）小节:
n. [sing.] 一定的数量或程度（尤指相当大的量），相当于degree:
measure |['meӡə]
The government is introducing tougher measures to combat crime. 政府正在采取更强硬的措施来打击犯罪。
emergency, temporary, remedial measure 紧急措施；临时措施；补救措施 
protective, safety, security measure 防护措施；安全措施 
a package of measures aimed at cutting pollution 旨在减少污染的一揽子措施
a generous measure of whisky 比标准量稍多一点的威士忌
A ship’s speed is measured in knots. 船速以节测量。
to measure the level of radiation in the atmosphere 测量大气层中的辐射等级 
measuring instruments 测量仪器 
The main bedroom measures 12ft by 15ft. 主卧室宽12英尺，长15英尺。
The pond measures about 2 metres across. 这个池塘宽约2米。
It measures 20 yards from side to side. 从这边到那边的距离为20码。
Sending flowers is a measure of how much you care. 你派人送花就说明你是多么关心。
GDP is a broad measure of a country’s economic activity. 国内生产总值是衡量一个国家经济活动的一个宽泛指标。
weights and measures 度量衡 
The Richter Scale is a measure of ground motion. 里氏震级是测量地动的单位。
liquid measure 液量 
measure of weight 重量的计量 
a generous measure of whisky 比标准量稍多一点的威士忌
The policy’s impact cannot be easily measured. 这一政策的影响难以估量。
The school’s performance is measured against a strict set of criteria. 学校的工作业绩是根据一套严格的标准来衡量的。
Success cannot be measured merely in terms of the size of your salary. 成功与否不能仅以工资的多少来衡量。
an accurate measure of ability 对能力的准确评判 
a good measure of reading comprehension 评判阅读理解力的好方法
The government is introducing tougher measures to combat crime. 政府正在采取更强硬的措施来打击犯罪。
emergency, temporary, remedial measure 紧急措施；临时措施；补救措施 
protective, safety, security measure 防护措施；安全措施 
a package of measures aimed at cutting pollution 旨在减少污染的一揽子措施
The band began playing the opening measures. 乐队开始演奏开头几个小节。
a steady rhythm of four beats to a measure 每小节四拍的稳定节奏
a measure of technical knowledge 一些技术知识 
some measure of success 相当大的成功 
His success was due in large measure to your help. 他的成功很大程度上归功于你的帮助。
He’s been praised and condemned in equal measure. 他得到的赞扬和指责各占一半。

n. 1 [U] 更换、替换（尤指更换成更新的或更好的）:
2 [C]（尤指老旧、损坏等的事物的）替代品、替代物:
3 [C] ~ (for sb) 组织机构中某个人的接替者，尤指工作中的接替者，替代者:
n. [C] ~ (for sb) 团队成员的替换者，如替补队员:
n. [C] ~ (for sb) 组织机构中某个人的接替者，尤指工作中的接替者，替代者:
replacement |[rɪˈpleɪsmənt]
the replacement of worn car parts 汽车上损坏零件的更换 
replacement windows 新换的窗子 
the replacement of damaged or lost books 受损或丢失图书的更换或补充 
Complete replacement of the roof tiles would be very costly. 屋顶的瓦片如果全部替换的话会非常昂贵。
The series Ⅲ gearbox is a direct replacement for a series Ⅱ. 第三代变速箱可以直接取代第二代。
The original furnishings are now in need of replacement. 原来的家具陈设需要更换了。
replacement programme/program 替换方案 
replacement cost, replacement value 替换费用；替换价值 
Rare instruments are usually insured for their full replacement value. 珍贵的仪器通常都有全额更换保险。
replacement equipment 替换设备 
hormone replacement therapy（缩写为HRT）激素替代疗法 
hip, joint, knee replacement 假的髋关节；假关节；假膝关节 
She had a hip replacement six years ago. 她六年前做了髋关节置换手术。
valve replacement 瓣膜置换手术 
meal replacement（尤美）代餐 
low-calorie meal replacements 低热量代餐 
replacement part, replacement product, replacement unit 替换零件；替换产品；替换部件 
Do you know where I can get the replacement part? 你知道我从哪儿能买到替换零件吗? 
replacement car, replacement vehicle 代用汽车；代用车辆 
Trams are now often preferred as replacements for buses. 现在人们经常乘有轨电车代替公共汽车。
We need to find a replacement for Sue. 我们需要找一个替代苏的人。
Taylor has nominated Adams as his replacement. 泰勒提名亚当斯接替他。
the president's temporary replacement by the Chief of Staff总参谋长暂时接替总统的职务 
She served as a last-minute replacement for the woman originally selected. 她在最后时刻替代了最初当选的那名妇女。
He is the most likely replacement for the captain. 他最有可能成为队长的接班人。
She was named as a possible replacement for the head of sales. 她被指定为销售部经理的可能接班人。
We need to find a replacement for Jan when she goes on maternity leave. 简休产假的时候我们需要找个人接替她。
replacement worker（尤美）替工
The 18-year-old made his debut last week as a replacement for the injured Gordon Durie. 这个18岁选手作为受伤的戈登·迪里的替补在上周首次出场。
We'll have to see how bad the injury is before deciding whether to bring in a replacement. 我们得看看伤势有多严重再决定是否需要换人。
He came on as a replacement for the injured player.（come on as为英式用法）他接替受伤的选手上场。
We need to find a replacement for Sue. 我们需要找一个替代苏的人。
Taylor has nominated Adams as his replacement. 泰勒提名亚当斯接替他。
the president's temporary replacement by the Chief of Staff总参谋长暂时接替总统的职务 
She served as a last-minute replacement for the woman originally selected. 她在最后时刻替代了最初当选的那名妇女。
He is the most likely replacement for the captain. 他最有可能成为队长的接班人。
She was named as a possible replacement for the head of sales. 她被指定为销售部经理的可能接班人。
We need to find a replacement for Jan when she goes on maternity leave. 简休产假的时候我们需要找个人接替她。
replacement worker（尤美）替工


easygoing | ,性格随和

squeeze through, in, past, etc. 迫使某人或某事物进入或穿过一个狭小的空间，即（使）挤入或挤过。是一种动作:
n. [sing.] 在狭小空间里的挤或塞:
squeeze sth (out) 榨出汁。此时与press未见明显区别:
n. [sing.] [非正式；尤美] 男朋友或女朋友:
n. [C] 挤出或榨出的少量液体:
vt.＆vi.（尤指用手指）牢牢地挤压，捏:
squeeze sth (out) 通过使劲儿挤压或拧而把液体从…中挤出，拧出，榨出:
n. [C, usually sing.]（通常用手所进行的）挤压或捏:
vt. [非正式] squeeze sb (for sth) 通过给某人施压（或通过威胁等手段）来获取…，即勒索。带有逼迫意味:
vt. 严格限制或缩减…所能拥有（或使用）的金钱数额:
n. [C, usually sing.]（可获得的金钱、工作岗位等的）减少；或由此而引起的艰难处境:
squeeze |[skwi:z]
vt.＆vi. squeeze (sb/sth) into, through, etc. sth 
We managed to squeeze six people into the car. 我们在那辆车上挤进了六个人。
to squeeze into a tight dress 勉强穿上一件窄连衣裙 
to squeeze into a parking space 把车勉强开进一个停车位 
to squeeze through a gap in the hedge 从篱笆上的豁口挤过去 
If you move forward a little, I can squeeze past. 你朝前挪一挪，我就可以挤过去了。
We managed to squeeze a lot into a week.（比喻用法）我们把很多事挤在一个星期里做完了。
It was a tight squeeze but we finally got everything into the case. 箱子塞得很紧，不过我们最终还是把所有东西都装进去了。
Seven people in the car was a bit of a squeeze. 那辆车坐了七个人是有点挤。
Hospitals are in a squeeze.（美）医院里人满为患。
vt. squeeze sth (out of/from sth) 
freshly squeezed orange juice 现榨的橙汁
Who’s his main squeeze? 他最要好的女朋友是谁？
a squeeze of lemon juice 挤出的一点柠檬汁
to squeeze a tube of toothpaste 挤牙膏 
to squeeze the trigger of a gun 扣动枪的扳机 
He squeezed her hand and smiled at her. 他捏了捏她的手，冲她笑笑。
His legs were squeezed together. 他双腿紧紧并拢。
vt. squeeze sth (out of/from sth) 
He took off his wet clothes and squeezed the water out. 他脱下湿衣服，拧干了水。
I squeezed the last bit of toothpaste out of the tube. 我从牙膏管里挤出最后一点儿牙膏。
freshly squeezed orange juice 现榨的橙汁 
Give the tube another squeeze. 把软管再挤一下。
He gave his mother a comforting squeeze as he left. 他离开时捏了下母亲的手，让她放心。
A squeeze of her hand reassured him. 他握着她的手，才觉得安心。
He’s squeezing me for £500. 他逼我拿出500英镑。
High interest rates have squeezed the industry hard. 高利率使这个行业举步维艰。
cash, credit, economic, financial squeeze 通货紧缩；信贷紧缩；经济紧缩；财务紧缩 
a squeeze on profits 利润的减少 
a squeeze on spending 缩减开支 
I’m really feeling the squeeze. 我的确感觉到手头拮据。
All manufacturers are feeling the squeeze. 所有制造商都感到资金紧张。
The government is trying to put the squeeze on high earners. 政府正设法对高收入者施加压力。

n. 1 [C] 一批展览品，如艺术品等。该用法尤用于英式英语，在美式英语中常用exhibit:
2 [U] exhibition of sth（如艺术作品等的）展出，展览:
3 [C] 图画、雕塑或其它有趣物品的展览会，如博物馆或画廊中的展览会。是此义的正式用法，多强调一种明确的目的性，比如为了销售或比赛。其含义虽已被show包含在内，但有些时候用exhibition比show更能凸显展会规格之高:
4 [C] an exhibition of sth 为单数名词，指一种技能、感情或行为的表现，显示:
n. [C] 在英式用法中还可指奖学金:
exhibition |[͵eksɪ'bɪʃn]
the Picasso exhibition 展出的毕加索的画作 
She refused to allow the exhibition of her husband’s work. 她拒不允许展出她丈夫的作品。
online, virtual exhibition 线上展览；虚拟展览 
the international food trade exhibition in Cologne 在科隆举办的国际食品交易会 
exhibition area, exhibition centre/center, exhibition hall, exhibition stand（英） 展览区域；展览中心；展览大厅；展台 
an exhibition of impressionist art 一场印象主义艺术展览会 
We were treated to an exhibition of the footballer’s speed and skill. 足球运动员表现出的速度和技能真是让我们大饱眼福。
an appalling exhibition of bad manners 无礼行为极其恶劣的表现

responsibility (to do sth) 处理或照顾…的责任，如果做错了则要被责备，即负责:
2 [C] responsibility (for sth) 对已发生的坏事所受到的责备，或所负的责任。与blame相近:
responsibility (to do sth) 由于身处某个职位而对…所负的帮助或照顾之责任。此时相当于job，但比job正式且常用:
responsibility |[rɪ͵spɒnsə'bɪlɪtɪ]
It is on my own responsibility. 这件事由我自己负责。
Will you take responsibility for arranging the food? 你来负责安排饭食怎么样？
corporate, security, constitutional responsibility 企业责任；安全责任；宪法赋予的责任 
environmental, financial, moral, social responsibility 环境责任；财务责任；道德责任；社会责任 
With great power comes great responsibility. 权大，责任也大。
a sense of responsibility 责任感 
rights and responsibilities 权利和义务 
to admit responsibility for the attack 对这起袭击事件负责 
The bank refuses to accept responsibility for the mistake. 银行拒绝为这一错误承担责任。
We retain all responsibility for any shortcomings. 若有任何缺陷，我们承担一切责任。
legal, criminal responsibility 法律责任；刑事责任 
The manager thinks he has a responsibility to help his employees. 这位经理认为自己有义务帮助自己的属下。
What are the main responsibilities in your job? 你主要的工作职责是什么？
departmental, professional, teaching responsibility 部门职责；专业上的职责；教学职责 
childcare, family, parental responsibility 看护小孩的任务；家庭责任；父母的职责 
command, management, supervisory responsibility 指挥职责；管理职责；监管职责 
adult responsibility 成人责任

vt. 加强、提高、增进（某人或某事物的好的品质、价值或地位）:
enhance |[ɪnˈhɑ:ns;美-ˈhæns]
to enhance confidence 加强信心 
to enhance credibility 提高信誉 
to enhance your employment prospects 让你的求职前景更好 
to enhance the cash flow 加强现金流 
to enhance performance of a machine 提高机器性能 
to enhance return 提高收益率 
to enhance appearance 加强外观 
to enhance the effect of the movie 加强电影效果 
to enhance the taste of the dish 加强菜的味道 
to enhance fitness 加强健康 
to enhance flexibility in teaching 加强教学中的灵活性 
to enhance impact 强化影响 
to enhance product quality 提高产品质量 
things that can significantly enhance the quality of your life 能极大提高你生活质量的东西 
reforms designed to enhance market efficiency 旨在提高市场效率的改革
This is an opportunity to enhance the reputation of the company. 这是提高公司声誉的机会。
the skilled use of make-up to enhance your best features 技巧地利用化妆以突出容貌的优点 
The superb sets are enhanced by his marvellous costumes. 他绝妙的服装为华丽的舞台增色不少。
The attractiveness of the book is much enhanced by his drawings. 他的图画极大地增强了这本书的吸引力。
The images have been digitally enhanced. 这些图像经过了数码处理，清晰多了。
Has he had his nose surgically enhanced? 他做了鼻子的整形吗？

vt. [更正式] [法律]（以预付金的形式）聘请律师:
vt. [更正式] 保持:
vt. [更正式] 继续容纳某事物:
vt. [更正式] 继续容纳某事物:
vt. [更正式] 继续持有或保有:
vt. [更正式] 保存在记忆中:
vt. [更正式] 继续容纳某事物:
vt. [更正式] 继续持有或保有:
retain |[rɪˈteɪn]
a retaining fee 给所委托律师的预付辩护费 
to retain the services of a lawyer 聘定律师 
He decided to retain him for the trial. 他决定聘请他为出庭律师。
to retain your independence 保持独立 
He struggled to retain control of the situation. 他曾努力保持对局势的控制。
Despite the decay the mosque somehow retained a profound grandeur. 清真寺虽已破败，但不知为何依然十分庄严。
Her new music largely retains the distinctiveness of the old. 她的新音乐在很大程度上保持了旧式音乐的特色。
He retains a deep respect for the profession. 他对这个职业仍然深怀敬意。
She retained her tennis title for the third year. 她第三年保住了网球冠军的头衔。
He has successfully retained his position as national president of the society. 他成功地保住了自己作为该协会全国主席的职位。
a soil that retains moisture 保持水分的土壤
a soil that retains moisture 保持水分的土壤 
This information is no longer retained within the computer's main memory. 这样的数据不再保留在计算机的主存储器中。
She has a good memory and finds it easy to retain facts.（比喻用法）她记忆力好，很容易记住事情。
The immigrants have a right to retain their language. 移民有权保留其语言。
The house retains much of its original charm. 这所房子保留了许多原有的魅力。
The interior of the shop still retains a nineteenth-century atmosphere. 这家商店的内部装修仍然保留着十九世纪的风格。
He retains a deep respect for the profession. 他对这个职业仍然深怀敬意。
She retained her tennis title for the third year. 她第三年保住了网球冠军的头衔。
He has successfully retained his position as national president of the society. 他成功地保住了自己作为该协会全国主席的职位。
He was allowed to retain his parliamentary seat.（英）他获准保留议会席位。
The president retained her as his chief adviser. 总统让她留任自己的首席顾问。
She has a good memory and finds it easy to retain facts.（比喻用法）她记忆力好，很容易记住事情。
a soil that retains moisture 保持水分的土壤 
This information is no longer retained within the computer's main memory. 这样的数据不再保留在计算机的主存储器中。
She has a good memory and finds it easy to retain facts.（比喻用法）她记忆力好，很容易记住事情。
The immigrants have a right to retain their language. 移民有权保留其语言。
The house retains much of its original charm. 这所房子保留了许多原有的魅力。
The interior of the shop still retains a nineteenth-century atmosphere. 这家商店的内部装修仍然保留着十九世纪的风格。
He retains a deep respect for the profession. 他对这个职业仍然深怀敬意。
She retained her tennis title for the third year. 她第三年保住了网球冠军的头衔。
He has successfully retained his position as national president of the society. 他成功地保住了自己作为该协会全国主席的职位。
He was allowed to retain his parliamentary seat.（英）他获准保留议会席位。
The president retained her as his chief adviser. 总统让她留任自己的首席顾问。

vt. convey sth (to sb) 将想法、感情等传达或传递给某人，即表达。相对正式，虽不如express含义广泛和常用，但也算常用:
vt. [正式] convey sb/sth (from ...) (to ...) 把…从一地运送至另一地，即传送、运输、输送等:
convey |[kən'veɪ]
Gestures can convey meaning as well as words. 手势和言语一样能够表达意思。
I tried to convey the wonder of the book to him. 我曾试图让他知道这本书的神奇之处。
He conveyed his enthusiasm to her. 他向她表达了自己的热情。
This picture conveys a sense of hope. 这张图片给人一种希望。
The novel vividly conveys the experience of growing up during the war. 这部小说生动地描绘了战争时期成长的经历。
Pipes convey the water from the river to the fields. 管道把水从河里输送到田地里。

n. [U] 运用规章制度或规则条例所进行的管控:
n. [C, usually pl.] 由政府或其他当权者制定的正式或官方规则，即规章，规定:
adj. 只作前置定语，指根据官方规定必须被穿戴或被使用的:
regulation |[reɡju'leɪʃn]
government, professional, state regulation 政府监管；专业监管；国家监管 
legal regulation 法律管制 
the voluntary regulation of the press 新闻出版业的自律 
economic, environmental, financial, price regulation 经济监管；环境监管；金融管制；价格管制 
temperature regulation 温度控制 
the regulation of the medical profession 对医疗行业的监管 
They are calling for tighter regulation of the industry. 他们呼吁实行更为严格的行业管制。
rules and regulations 规章制度 
draft regulations 法规草案 
emergency regulations 应急条例 
fire, safety, traffic regulations 防火条例；安全章程；交通法规 
federal, government regulations 联邦法规；政府法规 
prison, school regulations 监狱法规；校规 
the strict regulations governing the sale of weapons 关于武器销售的严格规定 
regulation uniform 规定的制服

n. [U] [正式] 完整、完好:
n. [U] 正直:
integrity |[ɪnˈtegrəti]
structural integrity 结构上的完整 
The country is fighting to preserve its territorial integrity. 这个国家正在为维护领土完整而战斗。
Separatist movements are a threat to the integrity of the nation. 分离主义运动对国家统一是个威胁。
data integrity（计算机用语）数据完整性 
It's up to the user to ensure the integrity of the data they enter. 保证所输入数据的完整性是用户的职责。
We all have an interest in maintaining the integrity of the ecosystem. 维护生态体系的完整关乎我们每个人的利益。
The project threatens the integrity of one of the world's most important wetlands. 这一工程威胁到世界上最重要的一片湿地的完整。
concerns that data integrity has been compromised 对数据完整性已遭到损坏的担忧 
Nuclear weapons have the capability to destroy the physical integrity of the planet. 核武器具有摧毁地球实体完整性的威力。
personal integrity 个人的诚信 
academic, artistic, financial, intellectual, journalistic, moral, political, professional, scientific integrity 学术诚信；艺术操守；金融诚信；智力健全；新闻诚信；品行正直；政治诚信；职业操守；科学诚信 
She refused to compromise her artistic integrity. 她拒绝降低自己的艺术操守。
to behave with integrity 行为表现诚实正直 
I have always regarded him as a man of integrity. 我一直认为他正直诚实。
He was praised for his fairness and high integrity. 他的公正和正直操守受人称道。
The article is indicative of his contempt for the basic standards of journalistic integrity. 文章反映出他对新闻诚信基本标准的轻视。
She has great personal integrity. 她为人极为诚实正直。
The minister promised to restore the honesty and integrity of the government. 部长承诺重建政府的诚信。
I would never do anything to compromise the integrity of the company. 我绝不会做任何有损公司诚信的事情。
She questioned his integrity as an artist. 她质疑他作为艺术家的操守。
The code calls on members to behave with integrity at all times. 行为规范要求成员在任何时候言行都要诚实正直。
an attack on sb's/sth's integrity 对…的诚实品质的攻击

combine A and B (together) 结合到一起以形成一个单一的事物或群体；将两个或多个事物（或群体）结合到一起以形成一个单一体:
2 来到一起而工作（或产生作用）；把两个事物或群体放到一起来共同产生效力:
vt. 1 combine A and/with B 有两个或多个不同的特征或特点；把两个或多个不同的事物、特点或品质放到一起:
2 combine A and/with B 同时做两件或两件以上的事:
n. [C] 英国也用combine harvester，农场用的一种大型的谷物收割机，可称为联合收割机:
n. [C] 在一家公司里联合行事的一群人或一群组织，可称为集团或联合企业。与group相比，combine只强调各企业在总体上的聚合感。而并不强调总部对其各成员公司的控制权:
combine |[kəm'baɪn]
vt.＆vi. 1 combine (sth) (with sth) 
Hydrogen combines with oxygen to form water. 氢与氧化合成水。
Combine all the ingredients in a bowl. 把所有的配料放在碗里拌匀。
Combine the eggs with a little flour. 把鸡蛋和少量的面粉搅匀。
The illustrations combine well with the text. 这些插图与文本完美结合。
The German team scored a combined total of 652 points. 德国队综合得分为652分。
They combined against a common enemy. 他们联手对付共同的敌人。
It took the combined efforts of both the press and the public to bring about a change in the law. 这项法律的变更来自媒体和公众的通力合作。
the combined effects of the two drugs 两种药物的复合疗效 
You should try to combine exercise with a healthy diet. 你应该把锻炼和健康饮食结合起来。
Several factors had combined to ruin our plans. 几个因素加在一起毁了我们的计划。
The hotel combines comfort with convenience. 这家旅馆既舒适又方便。
This model combines a telephone and fax machine. 这种型号同时具备电话机和传真机的功能。
a kitchen and dining-room combined 厨房兼饭厅 
We are still looking for someone who combines all the necessary qualities. 我们仍在寻觅兼备所有必要才能的人选。
They have successfully combined the old with the new in this room. 他们在这个房间里成功地把古老和现代的风格融为一体。
The trip will combine business with pleasure. 此次旅行将把出差和娱乐结合起来。
She has successfully combined a career and bringing up a family. 她成功地兼顾了事业和抚养子女。


permanency |ˈpəːmənənsi| Noun/:永久性,永久

n. [C] 一份完整的（物品或项目、条目的）清单。如图书馆里的图书条目清单、博物馆里的物品条目清单、或所购买的物品的清单等，可叫做目录（但不要误解为图书的“目录”，图书目录一般用contents）:
vt. 将…列入清单或编入目录:
n. [C] 所发生的一长串的事件（尤指坏事）:
vt. 给出一系列（与某个人、事件等）相关的…:
catalogue |['kætəlɒɡ]
a mail-order catalogue 邮购商品目录 
product catalogue 产品目录 
exhibit（美）, exhibition, library catalogue 展览目录；图书馆目录 
a catalogue of young artists 年轻艺术家目录 
illustrated catalogue of garden plants 园艺植物插图目录 
a catalogue of disasters 接二连三的灾难 
a catalogue of misfortune 接二连三的厄运 
Interviews with the refugees catalogue a history of discrimination and violence. 对难民的采访记录下了一部歧视和暴力的历史。

n. [C] 选出来的一群人，这些人负责提建议、制定规则、做研究、提供金钱等，如（顾问、立法、研究、基金等）委员会:
n. [C] 一些组织机构中的一群管理者，如委员:
n. [C] [正式]（尤指在旧时）讨论在某种情况中该采取何种行动的一个正式会议，可称为协商会议:
n. 1 [C] 被选举出来统治一个地方的一群人，可以是国家政务委员会，也可以是地方政务委员会:
2 [C] [英] 在市、郡中提供服务（如教育、住房、图书馆管理等服务）的组织机构:
adj.（房屋或公寓）由地方政府所拥有的，人们需要付租金才能居住的:
council |[ˈkaʊnsl]
advisory, funding, governing, research council 顾问委员会；基金委员会；管理委员会；研究委员会 
the governing council of the Mormon Church 摩门教会管理委员会 
the Medical Research Council 医学研究会 
arts, sports council 艺术委员会；体育委员会 
student council 学生委员会 
ecumenical council 普世大公会议 
In Britain, the Arts Council gives grants to theatres. 英国的艺术委员会向剧院提供资金。
As a struggling young composer, she applied to the Scottish Arts Council for a grant. 作为一名为生计挣扎的年轻作曲家，她向加利福尼亚艺术委员会申请补助金。
council member 委员会委员 
They are setting up a new council for the arts. 他们要成立一个新的艺术委员会。
the National Council for Civil Liberties 全国公民自由委员会
The permanent council of the Organization of American States meets today here in Washington. 美洲国家组织的常务委员们今天在华盛顿这里会面。
the Bundesbank's central council 德意志联邦银行的中央委员会
The King held a council at Nottingham from 14 to 19 October 1330. 国王于1330年10月14日至19日在诺丁汉召集协商会议。
President Najibullah said he would call a grand council of all Afghans. 纳吉布拉总统称他将召开阿富汗全民大会。
The president also meets ministers at inter-ministerial councils held at the Elysée Palace. 总统还在爱丽舍宫接见了参加部长级会议的各部长。           
executive, governing, ruling, state council 行政委员会；管理委员会；国务院 
national council 国务委员会 
legislative council 立法委员会 
local council 地方政务委员会 
borough, city, community, county, district, municipal, neighbourhood/neighborhood, parish, provincial, regional, town council 自治市议会；市议会；（苏格兰和威尔士的）社区议会；郡政务委员会；区政务委员会；行政堂区议会；省议会；地区议会；镇政务委员会 
metropolitan, rural, urban council（均尤英） 大都市政务委员会；乡村政务委员会；城市政务委员会 
tribal council 部落委员会 
elected council 选举产生的议会 
Many county councils are now controlled by the Conservatives. 保守党现在控制着很多郡的政务委员会。
The city council has voted almost unanimously in favour. 市政委员会几乎一致投票表示赞同。
council elections 议会选举 
council member 议会成员 
council representative 议会代表 
council meeting 议会会议 
council chamber 议事厅 
council president 议会主席 
council resolution 议会决议 
council leader, council seat 议会领袖；议会席位 
She's on the borough council. 她是自治市政务委员会的委员。
Our party won the majority of seats on the city councils. 我们党赢得了市议会的多数席位。
Students should apply to their local council for a grant. 学生应该向当地的市政部门申请助学金。
council employee, council staff, council worker 市政工作人员 
council services 市政部门 
council estate, council flat, council house, council housing 市政住宅区；公租房；市政住房 
council tax（英国根据个人房产的价值收取的）市政税 
There is a shortage of council housing. 廉租公房房源不足。
Council tenants around the country are planning a mass lobby of Parliament. 全国各地的市政住房租户正在计划组建一个大的议会游说团。

vt. prepare sth/sb (for sb/sth) 使某事物或某人准备好（被使用或去做某事）:
vt.＆vi. prepare (yourself) (for sth) 让自己准备好去做某事，或对于自己认为将要发生的事有所准备:
vt. 预备饭菜（以供食用），做饭。较常用:
vt. prepare sth (from sth) 制作一种药物或化学物质（例如通过将不同的物质混合在一起），可称为调制，配制等:
vt. prepare sth (from sth) 制作一种药物（例如通过将不同的物质混合在一起），可称为调制，配制等:
prepare |[prɪ'peə]
to prepare a report 拟定一份报告 
The college prepares students for a career in business. 这个学院是培养商务人才的。
The lectures were carefully prepared. 这些讲座是精心准备的。
I had no time to prepare. 我当时没时间准备。
to prepare for the exams 备考 
I was preparing to leave. 我正准备离开。
to prepare for the worst 做好最坏的准备
He was in the kitchen preparing lunch. 他在厨房做午饭。
a meal that is very quick and easy to prepare 准备起来方便快捷的一餐
remedies prepared from herbal extracts 用草药提取成分配制的药物
remedies prepared from herbal extracts 用草药提取成分配制的药物

an act of asking for information:询问信息的行为
an official investigation:官方调查
inquiry |ɪnˈkwʌɪ(ə)ri| Noun/:询问,查询,询价
the police were making inquiries in all the neighbouring pubs:警方正在附近的所有酒吧进行调查
he was one of the State's star witnesses in the murder inquiry:他是该州谋杀案调查中的明星证人之一

n. [U] 心理情绪上的紧张、担忧:
n. 1 [U, C] tension (between A and B) 人与人之间关系紧张的局势或状态，即互不信任，且存在突然爆发冲突的可能性:
2 [U] 作家或电影导演制造的紧张气氛，是一种恐惧且令人兴奋的气氛:
3 [U] 物理上的紧绷的状态或程度:
n. [C, U] tension (between A and B) 不同的利益、需求、力量、争论、影响力等因素之间的冲突或矛盾:
n. [U] 肌肉紧张:
tension |['tenʃn]
inner tension 内心的紧张 
emotional, nervous tension 情绪紧张；神经紧张 
tension headache 紧张性头痛 
Laughter can be a great release of tension. 大笑能有效地释放紧张情绪。
political, racial tension 政治关系紧张；种族关系紧张 
renewed tension with France 与法国再度紧张的关系 
family, internal, regional tension 家庭紧张；内部紧张；地区紧张 
There is mounting tension along the border. 边境局势日趋紧张。
tension in meetings 会议上的紧张气氛 
a tension in the air 气氛紧张 
tension between local youths and the police 当地青年和警察之间的紧张关系 
tension between her parents 她父母之间的紧张关系 
As the movie progresses the tension builds. 随着电影剧情的发展，气氛越来越紧张。
The movie lacks dramatic tension. 这部影片缺乏戏剧张力。
to adjust the string tension of a tennis racket 调节网球拍的网张力 
Stay clear of cables which are under tension. 远离紧绷的缆绳。
The metal is weak in tension. 这种金属张力很差。
There is often a tension between the aims of the company and the wishes of the employees. 公司的目标和雇员的愿望之间经常存在矛盾。
muscle tension 肌肉紧张 
to ease the tension in my body 缓解我身体的紧张 
I feel some tension in my shoulders. 我感觉双肩有些发紧。

adj.（人）做事不拖延的，即立即的、迅速的、及时的。相当于immediate:
adj. [不用于名词前]（人）准时到达的。相当于punctual:
adv. 准时地:
vt.（通过给某人提问题或给其提醒话语来）鼓励某人说话:
vt. 促使某人决定做某事；导致某事发生:
vt.&vi. 给演员在忘词的时候提醒词语:
n. [C]（给演员的）提示词:
n. [C] [计算机] 提示符（计算机屏幕上显示的，表明某项任务已经完成，并做好了执行新任务的准备的一个符号）:
vt. [计算机] 用提示符提示你下一步的任务:
vt.（通过给某人提问题或给其提醒话语来）提示某人说话:
prompt |[prɒmpt;美prɑ:mpt]
Prompt action was required as the fire spread. 由于火势蔓延，须要立即采取行动。
It is not too late, but prompt action is needed. 现在还不算晚，但是需要立即采取行动。
an inflammation of the eyeball which needs prompt treatment 需要立即治疗的眼球炎症 
Prompt payment of the invoice would be appreciated. 见发票即付款，将不胜感激。
You have been so prompt in carrying out all these commissions. 你执行所有这些命令可真够迅速的。
We didn't worry because they were always so prompt with their rental payment. 我们不担心，因为他们交租金总是非常及时。
Please be prompt when attending these meetings. 参加上述会议，请准时出席。
The meeting will begin at ten o'clock prompt. 会议将于十点钟准时开始。
‘And then what happened? ’ he prompted. “后来怎样了？”他鼓励对方继续说下去。
'Go on,' the therapist prompted him. “接着说，”医生鼓励他道。
The discovery of the bomb prompted an increase in security. 此次发现炸弹促使当局加强了安全工作。
His speech prompted an angry outburst from a man in the crowd. 他的讲话激起了人群中一男子的愤怒。
The thought of her daughter's wedding day prompted her to lose some weight. 对女儿婚期的操心使她消瘦不少。
Japan's recession has prompted consumers to cut back on buying cars. 日本经济的不景气使得消费者在购买车辆上减少了开支。
The need for villagers to control their own destinies has prompted a new plan. 村民们想要掌握自己的命运，这促成了一项新的计划。
The program will prompt you to enter data where required. 这个程序在必要时将提醒你输入数据。
She was too nervous to speak and had to be prompted. 她紧张得说不出话来，只好听人提示。

n. 1 [U, C] 出席、到场、上学出勤:
2 [C, U] 出席人数:
attendance |[əˈtendəns]
compulsory, mandatory（尤美）强制参加；不得缺席 
church, cinema（英）, college, movie（美）, school attendance 去教堂；看电影；上大学；上学等 
Attendance at these lectures is not compulsory. 这些课不是硬性规定要听的。
Teachers must keep a record of students' attendances. 老师必须记录学生的出勤情况。
Her attendance at school was sporadic. 她三天两头旷课。
Councillor Paul Tisley will be in attendance at the start of the meeting to welcome us. 议员保罗·提斯里将在会议开始时出席，以欢迎我们。
Police with riot gear and several fire engines are in attendance. 防暴警察和数辆消防车都到了。
He lived in considerable style, travelling widely, usually with a cook, valet, butler and chauffeur in attendance. 他活得相当潇洒，通常带着厨师、用人、管家和司机到处游玩。
Weekly attendance at a religious service was the norm. 每周参加一次宗教仪式是常规。
Regular attendance at lectures is important. 定期参加讲座很重要。
The ambulances were in attendance within 22 minutes. 救护车 22 分钟就赶到了现场。
attendance at the meetings 出席会议 
take attendance（美）（英式英语用take the register）点名 
Mrs Sakamoto had finished taking attendance. 坂本夫人已经点完名了。
There was an attendance of 42 at the meeting. 有42人参加了会议。
Average weekly cinema attendance in February was 2.41 million. 2月份，平均每周的观影人数为241万。
This year attendances were 28% lower than forecast. 今年的出席人数比预期少28%。
It was a record attendance for a midweek game. 对于一场周中期进行的比赛，有这么多人到场还是首次。
Despite falling attendances, the zoo will stay open. 尽管参观人数不断减少，动物园将继续开放。
The average attendance at sports events increased last year. 去年现场观看体育赛事的平均人数有所增长。
Average daily school attendance was only 75%. 学生平均每天的出勤率只有75%。
Building a new stadium has boosted attendances by 40%. 新体育场的修建使观众人数提高了 40%。
Attendances at the pool always fall in winter. 冬天去游泳的人总会减少。
Movie attendance soared during the war. 战争期间去看电影的人数陡增。
attendance figures, attendance numbers（尤美）, attendance rate, attendance record 出席人数；到场人数；出席率；出席记录 
Attendance figures were up this year. 今年的出席人数上升了。

the sale of goods to the public in relatively small quantities for use or consumption rather than for resale:向公众出售相对少量的商品供使用或消费而非转售
being sold by retail or at a retail price:以零售或零售价出售
sell (goods) to the public by retail:通过零售向公众销售（商品）
(of goods) be sold by retail for (a specified price):（商品）以（指定价格）零售
relate or repeat (a story) in detail:
retail |ˈriːteɪl| Adverb/Noun/Verb/:零售,零售业
it is not yet available retail:it尚未零售
the difficulties in retailing the new products:新产品零售困难
the product retails for around £20:该产品零售价约为20英镑
his inimitable way of retailing a diverting anecdote:他以独特的方式传播引人入胜的轶事

a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art:艺术中人或物的外在形式的表示
a visible impression obtained by a camera, telescope, microscope, or other device, or displayed on a computer or video screen:通过照相机、望远镜、显微镜或其他设备获得或显示在计算机或视频屏幕上的可见印象
an optical appearance or counterpart produced by light from an object reflected in a mirror or refracted through a lens.:由来自物体的光在镜子中反射或通过透镜折射产生的光学外观或对应物。
a point or set formed by mapping from another point or set.:从另一个点或集合映射形成的点或集合。
an exact copy of a computer's hard disk, made for backing up data or setting up new machines.:计算机硬盘的精确副本，用于备份数据或设置新机器。
a mental representation or idea:心理表征或想法
a person or thing that closely resembles another:与另一个人非常相似的人或事物
semblance or likeness:semblance或likeness
(in biblical use) an idol.:（在圣经中使用）一个偶像。
the general impression that a person, organization, or product presents to the public:个人、组织或产品向公众呈现的总体印象
a simile or metaphor:一个明喻或隐喻
make a representation of the external form of:make的外部形式的表示
make a visual representation of (something) by scanning it with a detector or electromagnetic beam.:通过用探测器或电磁束扫描（某物）来直观地表示它。
make an exact copy of (a computer's hard disk):制作（计算机硬盘）的精确副本
form a mental picture or idea of:形成一个心理画面或想法
image |ˈɪmɪdʒ| Noun/Verb/:图片,照片,图像,形象
her work juxtaposed images from serious and popular art:她的作品将严肃和流行艺术中的图像并列
Voyager 2 sent back images of the planet Neptune:Voyager2发回了海王星的图像
I had a sudden image of Sal bringing me breakfast in bed:我突然想起萨尔在床上给我送早餐的画面
he's the image of his father:他是他父亲的形象
made in the image of God:按照上帝的形象制造
she strives to project an image of youth:she努力塑造青春形象
he uses the image of a hole to describe emotional emptiness:he用一个洞的形象来形容情感的空虚
artworks which imaged women's bodies:艺术作品描绘了女性的身体
the hard disk drive should be imaged using a specialized bitstream backup product:硬盘驱动器应使用专门的比特流备份产品进行映像
it is possible for us to image a society in which no one committed crime:我们可以想象一个没有人犯罪的社会

n. [C, U] 大量，众多:
n. 1 [C, U]（某事物的）数量，数额，数目。常为正式用法:
2 [U]（作为量度的）量，数量（尤指相对于质量而言的数量）:
quantity |['kwɒntɪtɪ]
a quantity of drugs 大量毒品 
to buy goods in quantity 大宗购物 
I was overwhelmed by the sheer quantity of information available. 已有的信息量大得令我不知所措。
to be produced in quantity 被大量生产
huge quantities of food 大量的食物 
a product that is produced in large quantities 可以大量生产的一种产品 
a small quantity of water 少量的水 
The data is limited in terms of both quality and quantity. 这份数据在质量和数量上都很有限。
