overcome						战胜，压倒
bride							新娘
engagement						订婚，约会，雇用，交战
household						家庭
evaluate						评价，评判
saint							圣徒
delay							推迟，延误，拖延
private						私人的，秘密的，内向的，私立的
definition						释义，清楚
influential					有影响力的
recommend						推荐，建议，托付
frontier						边界，前沿
concern						担心，私事，公司，与...有关
organ							器官
cite							引用，举例，嘉奖
mechanism						机械装置，机制，途径
contest						比赛，辩驳
symptom						症状，征兆
deadline						最后期限
domination						统治，主宰，控制
figure						数字，人物，身材，插图，合乎情理，认为
imply							暗示，意味着
curiosity						好奇，珍稀物
induce						劝说，导致
acknowledge					承认，认可，感谢
gym							体操馆
chef							厨师
sensible						明智的，实用的，意识到的
outline						轮廓，提纲，概述
react							作出反应，有不良反应
\\\\\\\\

vt.（在自己达成某事的过程中）成功处理（或管控）阻碍事情进展的问题，即克服，解决:
vt. 战胜某人，击败某人:
vt. 常用被动式，受到某事物的极大（或强烈）影响，相当于overwhelm:
overcome |[͵əʊvə'kʌm]
She overcame injury to win the Olympic gold medal. 她克服了伤痛，赢得了奥运会金牌。
to overcome their differences on the issue 弥合在该问题上的分歧 
He eventually overcame his disability. 他最终克服了自己的缺陷。
Therapy helped her to overcome her fear. 治疗帮助她战胜了恐惧。
methods designed to overcome these problems 用于克服这些难题的方法
In the final game Sweden easily overcame France. 在决赛中，瑞典队轻松战胜了法国队。
Her parents were overcome with grief at the funeral. 在葬礼上她的父母悲痛欲绝。
She was quite overcome by their kindness. 她因他们的热情而感到手足无措。
She was almost overcome by a tide of relief. 强烈的解脱感使她几乎不能自持。
Several firefighters had been overcome by smoke and fumes. 有几名消防员被烟气熏倒了。
He was suddenly overcome with remorse for the harm he had done. 他猛然对由自己所造成的伤害感到懊悔不已。

n. [C] 新娘；即将（或刚刚）结婚的女子:
bride |[braɪd]
Everyone raised their glasses to toast the bride and groom. 所有人举杯为新娘和新郎祝酒。

n. [U, C] [英] 雇用、聘用:
n. [U] [正式] ~ (with sb/sth)（与…的）密切关系，如参与:
n. [C]（尤指正式的或与工作有关的）约定、约会、预约:
n. [C] ~ (to sb) 订婚、订婚期间:
n. [C, U] [术语] 两支军队等之间的战斗:
n. [U] [正式] ~ (with sb/sth)（与…的）密切关系，如（对…的）了解:
engagement |[ɪnˈgeɪdʒmənt]
The terms of engagement are to be agreed in writing. 聘用条款应有书面协议。
his serious intellectual engagement with this issue 他对这个问题认真理智的处理 
emotional, imaginative, intellectual engagement 情感投入；富有想象力的参与；智力投入 
civic（美）, political engagement 公民参与；政治参与 
Higher education can contribute to civic engagement. 高等教育能够促进公民参与。
the decline in political engagement 政治参与的减少 
the lack of engagement in politics 缺乏政治参与 
engagement book, engagement diary 预约簿；预约日志 
He has a number of social engagements next week. 他下周有几次社交约会。
It was her first official engagement. 那是她第一次正式约会。
I had to refuse because of a prior engagement. 我因为已经有预约只好拒绝了。
He had an engagement at a restaurant in Greek Street at eight. 他八点在希腊街的一个餐厅有个约会。
business-related social engagements 与公事有关的社交约会 
Mrs Meyer regrets that she is unable to attend owing to a previous engagement. 迈耶夫人因有约在先而不能前来，她对此表示遗憾。
important engagement 重要的约会 
business engagement 商务约会 
dinner, lunch engagement 正餐约会；午餐约会 
speaking engagement 特约演讲 
The prime minister will carry out no official public engagements during the month of August. 八月份首相不会举行官方的公众活动。
The president was forced to cancel all public engagements. 总统被迫取消了所有的公众活动。
He had an important engagement with his financial adviser. 他与他的财务顾问有一个很重要的约谈。
engagement ring 订婚戒指 
engagement party 订婚宴会 
He announced his engagement to his long-time girlfriend. 他宣布与相处已久的女友订婚。
Their engagement was announced in the local paper. 他们订婚的消息已在当地报纸上公布。
She has broken off her engagement to Charles. 她已解除同查尔斯的婚约。
I've broken off my engagement to Arthur. 我已经解除了与阿瑟的婚约。
Announcing our engagement was a relief. 宣布婚约让我们松了一口气。
long, short engagement 长婚约期；短婚约期 
I felt our engagement was quite an unhappy time. 我觉得我们订婚期间非常不愉快。
The general tried to avoid an engagement with the enemy. 将军竭力避免与敌军交火。
The constitution prohibits them from military engagement on foreign soil. 宪法禁止他们在外国采取军事行动。
Feminist criticism is a starting point for a deeper engagement with the text. 女性主义批评理论是更深刻地理解这个文本的切入点。
Her views are based on years of engagement with the problems of the inner city. 她的观点是以多年对市内中心区问题的了解为基础的。

adj. 家喻户晓的；众人皆知的:
My agent told me, 'This'll make your name a household word.' 我的经纪人告诉我:
n. 1 [C] 一家人；住在同一幢房子里的一群人:
2 [sing.] 家；家务:
adj.（用于王室警卫队名称中）皇家的:
household |[ˈhaʊshəʊld;美-hoʊld]
Today, fashion designers are household names. 今天，时装设计师是家喻户晓的人物。
growing up in a male-only household 在一个只有男性的家庭里长大 
Many poor households are experiencing real hardship. 很多贫穷家庭正经历严重的困难。
Most households now own at least one car. 大多数家庭现在至少有一辆汽车。
The head of the household is responsible for completing the form. 户主负责填写表格。
The average household spends more on housing than on food. 一般家庭在住房上的花销多于食物。
rural, urban household 乡村家庭；城市家庭 
poor, wealthy household 贫穷家庭；富裕家庭 
He was a member of the royal household. 他是王室成员。
middle-class, working-class household 中产阶级家庭；工人阶级家庭 
high-income, low-income household 高收入家庭；低收入家庭 
family, married-couple, single-parent, single-person household 家庭；夫妻家庭；单亲家庭；单身家庭 
households headed by a single parent单亲支撑的家庭 
Becoming an adult and setting up a household no longer mean the same thing. 长大成人与成家立室已不再是一回事了。
My husband gave me cash to manage the household, but none of it was ever my own. 丈夫给我钱来持家，但这些钱一毫一厘都不属于我。
household appliance, household contents（尤英）, household furniture, household goods, household item, household product 家用电器；家居财物；家具；家庭用品 
The household contents are covered by a separate insurance policy. 家庭财物上了单独的保险。
household cleaner 家用清洁剂 
household bills, household budget, household debt, household expenditure, household expenses, household income, household savings 家庭账单；家庭预算；家庭债务；家庭开支；家庭开销；家庭收入；家庭储蓄 
household chore, household duties, household task 家务 
household garbage（美）, household rubbish（英）, household trash（美）, household waste 生活垃圾
the Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment 皇家骑兵团

vt.＆vi. 在一番仔细考量之后对某事物的数量、价值、品质所给出的观点，即评估，评价。词义相当于assess，且二者都极为常用。但evaluate相对正式，且assess仅为及物动词:
evaluate |[ɪ'væljueɪt]
to evaluate the safety of the new drug 评估这种新药的安全性 
The evidence should be carefully evaluated. 这项证据应当仔细地鉴定。
These probabilities can be evaluated empirically. 这些可能性可以通过实验加以验证。
criteria used to evaluate employees’ performance 员工业绩评定标准

n. 1 [C]（因其言行而被基督教会追封的）圣人，圣徒:
2 [C] 特别善良、仁爱或有耐心的人，即圣人般的人:
saint |[seɪnt;or,inBritishusebeforenames,
Buddhist, Catholic, Christian saint 佛教圣徒；天主教圣徒；基督教圣徒 
St Nicholas is the patron saint of children. 圣尼古拉是儿童的守护神。
St John 圣约翰 
St Valentine's Day 圣瓦伦丁节（情人节）
The children were all named after saints. 这些孩子都取了圣徒的名字。
She's a saint to go on living with that man. 能继续和那个男人一起生活，她简直是圣人。
My girlfriend is a saint to put up with me. 能够忍受我，我的女朋友真的很有耐心。
His behaviour would try the patience of a saint. 他的行为就是再有修养的人也难以忍受。

vt.＆vi. 延迟；推迟。既可指主动推迟、拖延，也可指被动耽误、耽搁。其含义最为广泛，也最为常用（表“推迟”时，不如postpone正式和常用）:
vt. 使某人迟到或耽搁；使某人做某事更慢:
n. 1 [C]（由于发生的问题所导致的）拖延或耽搁的一段时间，即被动耽搁的一段时间（一般不太表示“主动推迟的一段时间”）:
2 [C, U] 延迟或耽搁（是一种情况或行为）（可以是主动、也可以是被动）:
delay |[dɪ'leɪ]
The judge will delay his verdict. 法官将推迟判决。
He delayed telling her the news. 他没有马上把消息告诉她。
I wanted to delay my departure until June 2018. 我想把启程时间推迟到2018年6月。
These drugs can significantly delay the onset of the disease. 这些药可以大大延缓这种病的发作。
Can you delay him in some way? 你能用什么办法拖延他一下吗？
His arrival was seriously delayed by a late train. 因为火车晚点，他晚到了很长时间。
a two-hour delay 两小时的延误 
a delay of several weeks 数星期的延误 
There’s no time for delay. 没有时间了，不能拖延了。
Report it to the police without delay. 赶快将此事报告警方。
The project has been plagued by delays. 这个项目一直被拖来拖去。
I apologize for the delay in replying to you. 我为耽搁了回信向您道歉。
delays in getting to the airport 去机场路上的延误 

adj. 1 常作前置定语，指专门为某个人（或群体）所拥有或使用的，而非公用的，即私有的，私用的，不对外开放的:
2（会谈、讨论、会晤、会议等活动）私下的，私密的:
private conversations, private talks 私下谈话；秘密会谈 3（情感、想法或信息）不想让别人知道的，即内心的，隐秘的，私下的:
adj. 常作前置定语，指人不愿与别人分享想法或向他人吐露感情的，即内向的:
adj.（某个地方）不大可能受打扰的，即清静的，僻静的:
adj. 常作前置定语，指与工作或官职无关的，即私人的:
adj.（金钱）由资产或其他来源获得的，而非挣得的:
adj. 只作前置定语，指一个人为自己工作（而非为群体、公司或国家）的，代表其自己来行事的，尤指在医疗或教育领域:
adj. 常作前置定语，指（机构）非国有的，即私有的，私立的，民营的:
n. [C] [英] 级别最低的士兵，即列兵:
adj. 常作前置定语，（功课）由教师等向一个人或一小组的人私人传授的（教师等由此获得经济回报）:
private |['praɪvɪt]
private property, private clubs 私人财产；不对外开放的俱乐部 
The door is marked “Private.” 门上写着“闲人免进”。
private thoughts, private grief 私下的想法；内心的悲痛
a private person 内向的人
a private place 僻静的地方
private life 私生活
a private income 一笔私人收入 
private doctors 私人医生 
a private visit 私访
private companies 民营企业 
private schools 私立学校
He was then a private. 他当时是一名列兵。
Private Bush 列兵布什
to give private French lessons 向私人教授法语

n. [U] 清晰度；清晰、分明:
n. 1 [C, U]（尤指词典里给出的）定义，释义:
2 [C] 定义:
n. [U] 清晰、分明、明确:
definition |[ˌdefɪˈnɪʃn]
The definition of the digital TV pictures is excellent. 数字电视图像的清晰度很高。
clear simple definitions 简单明了的释义 
Neighbours by definition live close by (= this is what being a neighbour means). 按照释义，“邻居”就要居住在邻近的地方。
There is no general agreement on a standard definition of intelligence. “智力”一词目前还没有一个普遍认可的标准释义。
The term partner' requires careful definition. partner这个词需要慎重定义。
My definition of a good hospice is one where some of the patients start feeling too good to die. 我对“好的晚期病人安养院”的定义是一个能让一些病人开始感到生有所恋的地方。
According to a strict definition, the expenses of a self-employed person can be deducted from tax. 根据严格的定义，个体经营者的开支可从税款中扣除。
formal, official, statutory definition 正式的定义；官方的定义；法律上的定义 
The firm falls within the statutory definition of a 'small company'. 这家公司属于法律上定义的"小公司"。
dictionary definition 字典定义 
legal definition 法律定义 
The mathematical definition of an even number is one that is exactly divisible by 2. 偶数在数学上的定义是能被2整除的数。
accepted, conventional, standard, textbook, traditional definition 公认的定义；常规定义；标准定义；课本上的定义；传统的定义 
workable, working definition 初步的定义 
We need a good working definition of 'pollution'. 我们需要为"污染"下一个合适的初步定义。
This unusual building barely fits the definition of a house. 这幢独特的建筑几乎称不上房子。
He has expanded the definition of sculpture. 他扩展了对雕塑的定义。
According to a strict definition of 'assault', she was not assaulted. 根据"侵犯他人身体"的严格定义，她并没有受到侵犯。
A clinic for women would, by definition, deal with pregnancy and childbirth. 妇科诊所据其定义负责处理妊娠和分娩事宜。
Under the broader definition of 'poverty', thousands more people would be included. 根据"贫困"的广义定义，还有数以千计的人要包括在内。
What's your definition of happiness? 你对幸福的定义是什么？
They have adopted a very narrow definition of success. 他们采用了一种非常严格的关于"成功"的定义。
The author provides a clear definition of cultural awareness. 作者给文化意识下了一个清楚的定义。
She refused to accept the definition of woman as man's subordinate. 她拒绝接受女人是男人附属品的定义。
Give your brows extra definition with Outdoor Girl's Eyebrow Pencil in Brown. 用“户外女孩”品牌的棕色眉笔更加清晰地勾勒出眉形。
The speakers criticised his new programme for lack of definition. 几位发言者批评他的新方案不够清楚明确。

adj. ~ (in sth/in doing sth) 很有影响力的:
influential |[ˌɪnfluˈenʃl]
a highly influential book 十分有影响力的书 
She is one of the most influential figures in local politics. 她是本地政坛举足轻重的人物。
It helps to have influential friends. 有几个位高权重的朋友很有好处。
the influential position of president of the chamber 很有影响力的议院议长之位 
The committee was influential in formulating government policy on employment. 委员会左右着政府就业政策的制定。
As a writer she was hugely influential. 作为—名作家，她有巨大的影响力。
The group was influential in setting up the new schools. 该团体对这些新学校的设立颇有影响。

vt. recommend sb/sth (to sb) 使…看起来吸引人（或使其显得好），相当于commend:
vt. 提出一个行动方案以供考虑；建议某人去做某事。即建议、提议。其含义结合了suggest和advise，不过不如二者常用:
vt. recommend sb/sth (to sb) (for/as sth) 告诉某人…是好的或有用的，或某人适合某一工作岗位等，即推荐，举荐，介绍等。是此义的常规用词:
recommend |[rekə'mend]
This system has much to recommend it. 这套系统有很多可取之处。
Your idea has much to recommend it. 你的主意有许多可取之处。
The report recommended a 10% pay increase. 报告提议工资增加10%。
the recommended dose 建议使用的剂量 
a recommended price of $50 建议售价50美元 
I recommend (that) he see a lawyer. 我建议他去找个律师。
It is strongly recommended that the machines should be checked every year. 强烈建议每年把机器检修一次。
Can you recommend a good hotel? 你能推荐一家好的饭店吗？
She was recommended for the post by a colleague. 她获得同事推荐到这个岗位。
I definitely recommend this movie. 我大力推荐这部电影。

n. [C, usually pl.] frontier (of sth) 某事物（尤指某一学科或活动）的尖端或边缘:
frontier (with sth) 两地（常是两国）之间的边界线；也可指此种边界线附近的地区:
2 [sing.] the frontier（尤指19世纪美国西部的）开发地区的边缘地带（人们在此居住并建设城镇，更远的地方则被视为荒野和未知地带）:
frontier |['frʌntɪə]
to push back the frontiers of physics 开拓物理学领域 
technological frontier 技术前沿 
Space is the final frontier for us to explore. 太空是我们探索的最后一个领域。
the frontier between India and Pakistan 印度和巴基斯坦之间的边界 
frontier town 边陲小镇 
eastern frontier 东部边界 
to cross the frontier 越过边界 
frontier controls, frontier post 边境检查站；边境哨所 
frontier guard 边防战士 
frontier zone 边境地带 
people living on the German frontier 居住在德国边境地区的人 
America’s wild frontier 美国的荒野地带 
the western frontier 西部的边疆地带 
frontier town 边疆城镇 
frontier spirit 边疆精神

n. 1 [C]（对一个人、一个组织等来说）重要的事:
2 [C, usually sing.] [正式] 某人负责的一件事；或其有权知道的一件事:
vt. 1 常用被动式，影响某人、涉及或牵涉某人。是一个常规用词:
2 也可用be concerned with sth 关于…，与…有关，涉及:
n. [U] 保护并帮助某人或某事物的一种愿望，可称为关爱或关心:
vt. concern yourself with/about sth对某事物感兴趣:
vt. 让某人担忧:
concern (that ...) 担忧，担心，忧虑（尤指很多人共同的忧虑）:
n. [C, usually sing.] [正式] 某人负责的一件事:
n. [C] 一家公司或企业，相当于firm，但不常用:
vt. [正式] be concerned to do sth认为（去做某事）重要:
concern |[kən'sə:n]
the government’s primary concern 政府的头等大事 
a common concern for new parents 初为人父母者共同关心的事 
I have other, more pressing concerns. 我还有其他更要紧的事。
environmental, privacy, safety, security concern 涉及环境的事情；关系隐私的事；安全问题 
Practical necessity overrides any other concerns. 实际需要压倒一切。
This matter is their concern. 这件事由他们负责。
How much money I make is none of your concern. 我赚多少钱没有必要告诉你。
Don’t interfere in what doesn’t concern you. 不要管与自己无关的事。
Where our children’s education is concerned, no compromise is acceptable. 在事关我们的孩子的教育问题上，那是毫无妥协余地的。
Everyone who was directly concerned in the incident has now resigned. 所有与该事件有直接牵连的人现在均已辞职。
The story concerns the prince’s efforts to rescue Pamina. 这故事讲的是王子奋力解救帕米娜。
The book is primarily concerned with Soviet-American relations during the Cold War. 这部书主要讲的是冷战时期的苏美关系。
This chapter concerns itself with the historical background. 本章旨在讲述历史背景。
One major difference between these computers concerns the way in which they store information. 这些计算机之间的一个主要差异就是其储存信息的方式。
parents’ concern for their children 父母对子女的关爱
He didn’t concern himself with the details. 他对细节不感兴趣。
What concerns me is our lack of preparation for the change. 让我担心的是我们对事态的变化缺乏准备。
It really concerns me that he doesn’t eat properly. 他不好好吃饭，确实令我担心。
There is growing concern about violence on television. 人们对电视上充斥暴力内容的忧虑日益加重。
There is concern for her safety. 大家担心她的安全。
The report expressed concern over continuing high unemployment. 报告表达了对失业率居高不下的忧虑。
This matter is their concern. 这件事由他们负责。
a major publishing concern 一家大型出版公司
She was concerned to write about situations that everybody could identify with. 她认为有必要写出让大家都能看得清楚的事态的本来面目。

n. [C] [正式] 官方机构（其隶属于一个更大的组织，且秉持特定的宗旨）:
n. [C]（人或动植物的）器官。是此义的常规用词和专业用词，最为常用:
n. [C] [正式]（政府或其他组织的）报刊、杂志等新闻媒体或宣传工具:
n. 1 [C] 管风琴:
2 [C] 风琴:
organ |['ɔ:ɡən]
the organs of government 政府机关 
administrative, constitutional（英）, judicial（尤英）, political, security organ 行政机构；立宪机构；司法机构；政治机构；安全机构 
the central organs of state 国家的中央机关
digestive, sex organ 消化器官；性器官 
human organ 人体器官 
organ donation 器官捐赠 
organ failure 器官衰竭
The People’s Daily is the official organ of the Chinese Communist Party.《人民日报》是中国共产党的官方报纸。
the official organ of the American Association for Cancer Research 美国癌症研究协会的官方报刊
to play the organ 演奏管风琴 
organ music 管风琴曲 
pipe organ 管风琴 
an electric organ 电子琴 
mouth organ 口琴 
church organ 教堂风琴 
organ pipe 风琴音管

vt. [正式] ~ sb (for sth)（正式或公开）嘉奖、表彰某人:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (as sth) 提及某事作为例子:
vt. [正式] [法律]（在案件中）正式提出某人的名字:
vt. [正式] [法律] 传唤、传讯（某人出庭）:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (as sth) 提及某事作为原因或例子，或为支持自己的观点:
vt. [正式] [法律]（在案件中）正式提出某人的名字；提出一个原因作为案件的正式原因:
vt. [正式] 以口头或书面的形式引用、援引（一本书、一个作者等的文字）。相当于quote:
cite |[saɪt]
He was cited for bravery. 他因表现勇敢而得到嘉奖。
He cites just one example. 他只引用了一个例子。
This is similar to the example cited above. 这和上面所举的例子类似。
He cited the fall in unemployment as one of the government's successes. 他举出失业人数下降作为政府的一项功绩。
Three admirals and a top Navy civilian will be cited for failing to act on reports of sexual assaults. 三位海军上将和一位海军高级文员将被指名，原因是他们在接到性侵犯的举报后没有采取任何行动。
She was cited in the divorce proceedings. 她在离婚诉讼中被传唤。
The judge ruled a mistrial and cited the prosecutors for outrageous misconduct. 法官裁定为无效审判，并以严重渎职为名传讯了检察官。
He cited his heavy workload as the reason for his breakdown. 他说繁重的工作负荷是导致他累垮的原因。
He cites just one example. 他只引用了一个例子。
This is similar to the example cited above. 这和上面所举的例子类似。
The most commonly cited reasons for stopping the treatment were side effects. 停用这种治疗方法最常搬出的理由是副作用。
He cited the fall in unemployment as one of the government's successes. 他举出失业人数下降作为政府的一项功绩。
They cited Alex's refusal to return to the marital home. 他们引证了亚历克斯拒绝回到婚后的家中一事。
Three admirals and a top Navy civilian will be cited for failing to act on reports of sexual assaults. 三位海军上将和一位海军高级文员将被指名，原因是他们在接到性侵犯的举报后没有采取任何行动。
She cites a favourite poem by George Herbert. 她引用了自己最喜爱的一首乔治·赫伯特的诗。

n. [C] 一套机械装置、机件:
n. 1 [C]（达成某事所用的）方法、机制:
2 [C]（生物体执行某项功能所采用的）机制:
mechanism |[ˈmekənɪzəm]
firing, locking, steering, trigger, winding mechanism 击发机构；锁闭机构；转向机构；触发机构；卷绕装置 
This activates the train's tilt mechanism. 这就能启动火车的倾斜装置。
The gun froze, jamming the mechanism. 枪受到冰冻，卡住了击发装置。
The door locking mechanism doesn't work. 门锁坏了。
a delicate watch mechanism 精致的手表机件 
A bomb has been detonated by a special mechanism. 炸弹由一个专门装置引爆。
mechanisms for dealing with complaints from the general public 处理大众不满意见的机构 
There's no mechanism for punishing arms exporters who break the rules. 对违规的武器出口商实施惩罚尚无执行机制。
the clumsy and ineffective mechanism of price controls 方法笨拙、效率低下的价格控制机制 
an effective mechanism for enforcing the rules 执行规章的有效机制 
He suggested an alternative mechanism for providing public services. 他提出了另一套提供公共服务的机制。
social mechanism 社会机制 
coping, feedback mechanism 应对机制；反馈机制 
The system provides a mechanism whereby information is fed back into the market. 这套系统提供了一种将信息反馈回市场的机制。
The government is held accountable through the mechanism of regular general elections. 通过定期大选的机制使政府负起责任。
avoidance, defence/defense, escape, protective, repair, survival mechanism 回避机制；防御机制；逃避机制；保护机制；修复机制；求生机制 
The body has defence mechanisms against many diseases.人体具有抵抗多种疾病的防御机制。
Pain acts as a natural defence mechanism. 疼痛算是一种自然防护机制的作用。
cellular, genetic, immunological, molecular, neural, physiological, psychological mechanism 细胞机制；遗传机制；免疫机制；分子机制；神经机制；生理机制；心理机制 
Scientists have been unable to explain the exact mechanism behind this effect. 科学家一直不能解释这种效应背后的确切机制。
This activates the body's thirst mechanism. 这会触发身体的口渴机制。
physiological mechanisms regulating the release of hormones 调节荷尔蒙释放的生理机制 
the balance mechanism in the ears 耳内的平衡机制 
a survival mechanism, a means of coping with intolerable stress 一种生存机制，一种应对无法承受的压力的方法

vt. 争取赢得比赛:
vt. 争夺权力等:
n. 1 [C] 比赛、竞赛:
2 [C] ~ (for sth) 对控制权或权力的争夺；选举:
3 [C] 竞争:
vt. 正式反对一个决定或陈述，如争辩、提出异议:
n. [C] 选举:
vt. 正式反对一个决定或陈述，如争辩、提出异议:
contest |[kənˈtest][ˈkɒntest;美ˈkɑ:n-]
a fiercely contested game 竞争十分激烈的比赛 
a closely contested regional flower show 各方争奇斗艳、难分高下的地区花卉展 
Three candidates contested the leadership. 有三位候选人角逐领导权。
He quickly won his party's nomination to contest the elections. 他很快获得了本党提名,角逐大选。
The election was bitterly contested. 选举竞争激烈。
beauty, song, talent, popularity, writing contest 选美比赛；歌咏比赛；才艺比赛；人气比拼；写作比赛 
athletic（尤美）, sporting（尤英）, sports（尤美） contest 田径比赛；体育竞赛 
global, international, local, national, regional contest 全球赛事；国际赛事；地方赛事；全国赛事；地区赛事 
to enter a contest, to win a contest, to lose a contest 参加比赛；赢得比赛；比赛失败 
a contest of strength 实力的较量 
We have three major beauty contests a year. 我们每年举办三次大型的选美比赛。
The contest was too one-sided to be exciting. 这场比赛太一边倒，没什么意思。
This contest is wide open: any of half a dozen teams could win it. 这场比赛胜负难料，其中六个队都有机会获胜。
The contestants are eliminated one by one until the last two compete in a head-to-head contest. 参赛选手一个一个被淘汰，最后只剩下两名选手一对一较量。
Few contests in the recent history of British boxing have been as thrilling. 英国近年的拳击比赛中很少有如此激动人心的。
Jackson has injured his knee and is now out of the contest. 杰克逊膝盖受伤，现已退出比赛。
the contest between these two great boxers 这两名伟大的拳击手之间的比赛 
The New Zealanders are looking forward to future contests with South Africa. 新西兰人盼望着将来同南非进行更多比赛。
a contest for the leadership of the party 争夺政党的领导权 
a clear contest between church and state 教会与政府之间明显的争斗 
A third candidate has entered the contest for the Republican nomination. 第三位候选人加入了角逐共和党提名的行列。
In the animal kingdom intruders usually lose contests over territories. 在动物王国里，入侵者通常在领地争夺中被击败。
The other bidders for the contract complained that it had not been a fair contest. 其他竞标人抱怨该合同的竞标不公平。
Gender discrimination is a hotly contested issue. 性别歧视是一个争论激烈的话题。
His views on evolution are strongly contested by other scientists. 他的进化论观点遭到其他科学家的强烈质疑。
Defence lawyers successfully contested the case. 被告律师对此案进行了成功的辩护。
to contest a will 对遗嘱提出质疑 
The divorce was not contested. 这桩离婚案没有人提出异议。
Your former employer has to reply within 14 days in order to contest the case. 你的前任雇主若对本案存有异议，必须在14天内予以答复。
election/electoral, gubernatorial（美）, leadership（尤英）, political, presidential contest 竞选；州长竞选；领导层竞选；政治选举；总统竞选
Defence lawyers successfully contested the case. 被告律师对此案进行了成功的辩护。

n. [C] 某事（尤指坏事）的征兆:
n. [C]（疾病的）症状，症候，通常用symptoms:
symptom |['sɪmptəm]
It is just a symptom of a larger problem. 这只是一个更大问题的征兆。
The unemployment issue is just one symptom of the poor state of the economy. 失业问题不过是经济不景气的一个征兆。
Symptoms include a headache and fever. 症状包括头痛和发热。
typical, common symptoms 典型症状；常见症状 
clinical symptoms 临床症状 
mild symptoms 轻微的症状 
respiratory symptoms 呼吸系统症状 
allergic, asthma, flu, menopausal symptoms 过敏症状；哮喘症状；流感症状；更年期症状 
depressive symptoms 抑郁症症状 
If symptoms do not improve after a week, see your doctor. 一周后如果症状不见改善，请就医。

n. [sing.] deadline (for sth) 最后期限或截止日期（在此时必须完成某事）。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
deadline |['dedlaɪn]
The deadline for applications is 30 April. 提交申请书的截止日期是4月30日。
the deadline for entries 报名参赛的截止期限 
to extend the deadline 延长期限 
He missed the deadline. 他错过了截止日期。

n. [U] 统治；控制:
n. [U] 统治:
domination |[ˌdɒmɪˈneɪʃn;美ˌdɑ:-]
cultural, economic, ideological, military, political domination 文化上的控制；经济上的控制；意识形态上的控制；军事上的控制；政治上的控制 
class, racial domination 阶级统治；种族统治 
male, patriarchal, white domination 男性统治；父权统治；白人统治 
colonial, foreign, imperial, Western domination 殖民统治；外国势力统治；帝国统治；西方主宰 
global, world domination 世界性的主宰地位 
corporate domination 企业支配地位 
market domination 市场支配地位 
countries that seek world domination 谋求主宰世界的国家 
They achieved political domination of the area. 他们获得了该地区的政治支配地位。
The company has struggled to maintain its domination in the marketplace. 公司奋力维持其市场支配地位。
companies fighting for domination of the software market 争取控制软件市场的公司 
The country came under foreign domination. 该国受到外国势力的控制。
The country longs to be free of colonial domination. 该国渴望摆脱殖民统治。
their economic domination over East Asia 他们对东亚经济上的控制
class, racial domination 阶级统治；种族统治 
male, patriarchal, white domination 男性统治；父权统治；白人统治 
colonial, foreign, imperial, Western domination 殖民统治；外国势力统治；帝国统治；西方主宰 
The country came under foreign domination. 该国受到外国势力的控制。
The country longs to be free of colonial domination. 该国渴望摆脱殖民统治。

vt. [非正式] 想或认为（某事将发生或属实）:
vi. figure (as sth) (in/among sth) 无被动形式，指出现于…或被包括于…中，是某个进程、情况等的一部分（常是重要部分），相当于feature:
n. [C] 人的身材或体形，尤指女性的好身材。是此义的常规用词:
n. [C]（书籍或杂志中的有数字编号的）图表:
n. [C]（几何学中由线或面所构成的）图形，尤指规则图形:
vt. [美] 计算（数量或成本等）。词义上相当于calculate:
n. 1 [C, often pl.] 数字，尤指官方资料中的统计数字:
2 [C] 0到9（包含0到9）之间的十个个位数字；还可指位数:
n. [C] 某类人，常指重要人士，即人物:
n. [C] 冰上表演的一系列动作或花样:
n. [C] 人或动物等的雕像，塑像:
n. [C]（绘画中的）人或动物:
n. [C]（故事中的）人或动物:
n. [pl.] [非正式] figures 可表示算术，相当于arithmetic:
n. [C]（远处的）人的轮廓，或（看不清楚的）人影:
figure |['fɪɡə]
He figured that he had learned a lot from the experience. 他想他从这次经历中学到了很多。
I figure the sensible thing to do is to wait. 我认为，明智的做法是等待。
That’s what I figured. 这就是我的看法。
Environmental protection figured prominently in the report. 环境保护出现在报告中的显要位置。
Nuclear disarmament is likely to figure prominently in the talks. 核裁军很可能是这次会谈的重点。
He didn’t think their suggestions figure at all. 他认为他们的意见无足轻重。
It did not figure high on my list of priorities. 这不在我最优先处理的事项之内。
Vegetables hardly figure at all in their diet. 他们的食谱中几乎见不到蔬菜。
This man did not figure among the suspects. 这名男子不在嫌疑犯之列。
curvy figure 有曲线美的身材 
sexy figure 性感的体形 
slim figure 苗条的身材 
large figure 魁梧的身材 
towering figure 高大的身材 
tiny figure 娇小的身材 
She takes pride in her figure. 她为她的身材感到骄傲。
He cut a dashing figure in his uniform. 他穿着制服，非常潇洒。
a fine figure of a man 身材很好的男子
See Figure 8. 见表8。
a regular five-sided figure 一个规则的五边形 
a solid figure 立体图形
official figure 官方数字 
latest figure 最新数字 
inflated figure 夸大的数字 
target figure 目标数字 
attendance, sales, trade figure 出席人数；销售数字；贸易数字 
the inflation figure 通货膨胀的数字 
unemployment figure 失业数字 
audience figure（尤英）观众数字 
real figure 真实的数字 
The figures on the screen read 8:45 a.m. 屏幕上的数字显示上午8点45分。
the figure ‘3’ 数字“3” 
a six-figure salary 六位数的薪水 
single figures 一位数 
double figures 两位数 
high figure 高数值
a figure of authority 权威人士 
a leading figure in the music industry 音乐界的一位重要人物 
public figure 公众人物 
senior figure 资深人士 
He was a familiar figure in the town. 小镇上的人都认识他。
tragic figure 悲剧人物 
ridiculous figure 可笑的人物 
heroic, legendary, mythological figure 英雄人物；传奇人物；神话中的人物 
historical figure 历史人物 
literary, political figure 文学作品中的人物；政治人物 
a figure of fun 有趣的人
a life-size bronze figure 一个真人大小的铜像 
a stone figure of a lion 一座石狮子雕像
The major figure in the painting is her mother. 画中的主角是她的妈妈。
the central figure in the photo 照片里的中心人物 
figure painter 人体画画家 
figure drawing, figure painting 人体绘画
He is good at figures. 他擅长算术。
the dim figure of him 他模糊的身影 
human figure 人影 
masked figure 戴着面具的人形 
seated, standing figure 坐着的人；站着的人 
approaching figure 走近的人 
sleeping figure 睡着的人 
lone figure 孤单的人 

vt. 说明或表明某事是真实的或存在的:
vt.（一个事件或一种情况）意味着…，需要:
vt.（一个事件或一种情况）意味着…:
vt. 以不直接说出来的方式来表明自己的所思所想所感或某事是真实的，即暗示:
imply |[ɪmˈplaɪ]
The survey implies (that) more people are moving house than was thought. 调查显示，准备搬家的人口比想象的要多。
Exports in June rose 1.5%, implying that the economy was stronger than many investors had realized. 6 月份出口上升 1.5%,表明经济比许多投资者所认为的更要坚挺。
The fact that she was here implies a degree of interest. 她到场就说明了她有一定程度的兴趣。
The project implies an enormous investment in training. 这个项目需要在培训方面做巨大的投资。
This does not necessarily imply that children achieve better results in private schools. 这未必意味着孩子们上私立学校就会取得更好的成绩。
They believe that submission in no way implies inferiority. 他们认为服从绝不意味着低人一等。
A 'frontier-free' Europe implies a greatly increased market for all economic operators. “无国界的”欧洲对所有经营者来说都意味着一个大大扩展了的市场。
Are you implying (that) I am wrong? 你的意思是不是说我错了？
I disliked the implied criticism in his voice. 我讨厌他暗中批评的口吻。
I never meant to imply any criticism. 我从来没有想要批评的意思。
The letter seems to imply that the minister knew about the business deals. 这封信似乎暗示总裁知道这几笔商业交易。
The article falsely implied that he was responsible for the accident. 文章错误地暗示他应该对事故负责。
The statement logically implies a certain conclusion. 这一陈述在逻辑上隐含着一个特定的结论。
This statement should not be taken to imply that the government is exonerated of all blame. 不应认为这一陈述暗示政府可以免受指责。
the express or implied terms of the contract 合同里明示或暗含的条件

a strong desire to know or learn something:强烈渴望了解或学习某事
an unusual or interesting object or fact:一个不寻常或有趣的物体或事实
curiosity |ˌkjʊərɪˈɒsɪti| Noun/:好奇心,兴趣
filled with curiosity, she peered through the window:充满好奇，她透过窗户凝视
he showed them some of the curiosities of the house:他向他们展示了这所房子的一些奇特之处

vt. [正式] 诱使某人去做某事:
vt. [正式] 引起，导致:
vt. [正式] 劝说某人去做某事:
vt. [医学] 引产、催生:
induce |[ɪnˈdju:s;美-du:s]
Nothing would induce me to take the job. 没有什么能诱使我接受这份工作。
drugs which induce sleep 使人昏昏欲睡的药物 
a drug-induced coma 药物引起的昏迷状态 
Doctors said surgery could induce a heart attack. 医生们说手术有可能引起心脏病发作。
an economic crisis induced by high oil prices 由高油价引发的经济危机
I would do anything to induce them to stay. 我会想尽一切办法劝他们留下来。
More than 4,000 teachers were induced to take early retirement. 4000 多名教师被说服提前退休。
an induced labour 引产 
We'll have to induce her. 我们得给她引产。
He might decide that it is best to induce labour. 他也许决定最好引产。

vt. 认为…属实；认为…拥有某种权威或地位:
vt. 1 承认…属实:
2 acknowledge sb/sth (as sth) 承认某人或某事物拥有某种权威或地位，相当于recognize:
vt. 对自己所得到的帮助向对方给予公开感谢:
vt. 告诉某人你已经收到了其所邮寄或发送给你的东西:
vt. 通过微笑、挥手等方式来表明你已注意到了某人或某事物，可称为致意:
acknowledge |[ək'nɒlɪdӡ]
It is generally acknowledged to be true. 普遍认为那是真的。
He is widely acknowledged as the best player in the world. 普遍认为他是世界最佳球员。
He acknowledged publicly that he might have made a mistake. 他当众承认自己可能犯了个错误。
He was forced to acknowledge the truth. 他被迫承认了实情。
The country acknowledged his claim to the throne. 这个国家承认了他继承王位的权利。
The peace settlement effectively acknowledged the country’s independence. 这一和平协议事实上承认了该国的独立。
I gratefully acknowledge financial support from several local businesses. 我对本地几家企业的资助表示感谢。
Please acknowledge receipt of this letter. 信收到后请复函告知。
I hereby acknowledge receipt of your letter of July 25. 特此告知贵方7月25日之来函已收悉。
I was standing right next to her, but she didn’t even acknowledge me. 我就站在她身边，可是她理都不理我。

n. [C] [非正式；正式为gymnasium] jungle gym在美式英语中可表示儿童攀爬架:
n. [C] [非正式；正式为gymnasium]（例如学校的）室内体育馆或健身房:
n. [U] [非正式] 尤指在学校的室内体育馆里所从事的体育活动:
n. [C] [非正式] 健身俱乐部:
gym |[dӡɪm]
school gym 学校体育馆 
indoor gym 室内体育馆 
climbing gym（美）攀岩馆 
to work out at the gym 在健身房里锻炼
to enjoy gym 喜欢做体育运动 
gym session（尤英）,gym class（尤美）体育课 
gym equipment 健身器材 
gym bag, gym clothes, gym shoes, gym socks, gym shorts（均尤美）运动包；运动衣；运动鞋；运动袜；运动短裤 
gym teacher（尤美）体育教师
I joined the local gym. 我加入了当地的健身俱乐部。
gym membership 健身俱乐部会员资格 

n. [C] 一个专业厨师（尤指餐馆、饭店等的最高等级厨师，即主厨，厨师长）:
chef |[ʃef]
head, master chef 大厨；厨师长 
apprentice chef 学徒厨师 
pastry chef 面点师 
top chef 顶级厨师

adj.（衣服、鞋等）朴素而实用的:
adj.（行为或决定）基于理性和经验（而非感情）做出的，即明智的、合理的:
adj. 1（行为或决定）基于理性和经验（而非感情）做出的，即明智的:
2（人）能够基于理性和经验（而非感情）做出合理判断的，即理智的、明智的:
adj. [正式或文学] 意识到、认识到:
sensible |[ˈsensəbl]
sensible shoes 朴实而舒适的鞋 
Wear loose clothing and sensible footwear. 穿上宽松的衣服和舒服的鞋子。
It might be sensible to get a solicitor. 也许应该请一个诉状律师。
The sensible thing is to leave them alone. 别去管他们才是明智的。
I think the sensible thing would be to take a taxi home. 我想还是坐出租车回去的好。
In the state I was in, this seemed a perfectly sensible remark. 根据我当时的情况，这么说似乎完全合乎情理。
Are you going out to search for it at this time of night? It seems hardly sensible. 你打算夜里这个时候出去找吗？这好像不那么明智。
I think that's a very sensible idea. 我看这个主意很妥当。
This approach seems very sensible to me. 在我看来，这个方法似乎很明智。
That advice sounds sensible enough. 那个建议听起来相当合理。
Say something sensible. 说点正经的。
It might be sensible to get a solicitor. 也许应该请一个诉状律师。
The sensible thing is to leave them alone. 别去管他们才是明智的。
I think the sensible thing would be to take a taxi home. 我想还是坐出租车回去的好。
Are you going out to search for it at this time of night? It seems hardly sensible. 你打算夜里这个时候出去找吗？这好像不那么明智。
I think that's a very sensible idea. 我看这个主意很妥当。
This approach seems very sensible to me. 在我看来，这个方法似乎很明智。
Say something sensible. 说点正经的。
She was a sensible girl and did not panic. 她是一个理智的女孩，没有惊慌失措。
Oh come on, let's be sensible about this. 噢，得了吧，我们还是理智地对待此事吧。
She's a sensible sort of person. 她属于那种通情达理的人。
He's usually very sensible. 他做事通常很理智。
I am sensible of the fact that mathematics is not a popular subject. 我知道数学课不受欢迎。

vt. 常用被动式，显示（或映衬出）…的轮廓:
n. [C] 轮廓线；或（不展示细节的）略图:
vt. outline sth (to sb) 概述；略述。相当于sketch:
n. [C] 轮廓线；或（不展示细节的）略图:
vt. 常用被动式，勾勒…的外形:
n. [C] 概述；梗概。本质上具有一种框架性。这种框架性通常有两种表现形式，第一，用编号一一简要列出所陈述的内容（这些内容进行详细论述和充实后，就成了一个完整的论述）。此时也可叫“提纲”；第二，通过一段较长的文字来“概述”原本很长的内容，但依然保持原内容的脉络、层次、思想:
outline |['aʊtlaɪn]
They saw the huge building outlined against the sky. 他们看见了在天空的映衬下那座巨大建筑的轮廓。
clear, sharp, vague outline 清晰的轮廓；模糊不清的轮廓 
the dim outlines of the house 房子的模糊轮廓 
outline drawing, outline map 轮廓画；略图 
to cut around the outline 沿着轮廓剪 
He sketched the street in outline only. 他只勾画了街道的略图。
We outlined our proposals to the committee. 我们向委员会提纲挈领地讲了讲我们的提案。
He roughly outlined the plot of the opera. 他粗略地概述了该歌剧的剧情。
outline drawing, outline map 轮廓画；略图 
He sketched the street in outline only. 他只勾画了街道的略图。
This is a brief outline of the events. 这就是事件的梗概。
an outline agreement 协议纲要 
Following is an outline of the survey findings. 以下是调查结果的概要。
broad, general outline 粗略的提纲 
course outline 课程大纲 
Write an outline for your essay. 写出你的文章的提纲。
Here’s the plan in outline. 这是计划的提纲。

vi. react against sb/sth 与…作对（尤指故意作对）；反抗。不常用:
vi. react (to sth) (by doing sth) 由于…（或针对…）而发生某种变化或做出某种行为，即起反应；（对…）做出反应；回应（与respond和reply类似，主语一般是做出反应的人等，一般可互换）:
react (together) 在化学中可指（不同的物质相遇后）起化学反应，发生化学变化:
vi. 生物体接触某种或某些物质（如吃进食物、施用药物、吸入…、触摸…等）后发生不良反应:
react |[rɪ'ækt]
Most young people react against traditional values. 很多年轻人反对传统的价值观。
to react against his practice 反对他的做法
Local residents have reacted angrily to the news. 当地居民对这一消息表示愤怒。
Her family reacted with horror when she told them. 她告诉她的家人后家人们惊骇不已。
I nudged her but she didn’t react. 我用胳膊肘捅了她一下，可她没有反应。
The market reacted by falling a further two points. 股市的反应是再下跌两个百分点。
The police must be able to react swiftly in an emergency. 警方在面对紧急情况时必须能迅速做出反应。
The industry has been slow to react to these breakthroughs in technology. 该行业对技术上的这些突破反应迟缓。
The committee reacted positively to the proposals. 委员会对这些提议做出了积极回应。
vi. react (with sth) 
Iron reacts with water and air to produce rust. 铁和水及空气发生反应产生铁锈。
to react to certain food additives 对某些食品添加剂产生不良反应 
Someone allergic to milk is likely to react to cheese. 对牛奶过敏的人可能会对奶酪也有不良反应。
