committee						委员会
civilian						平民，平民的
domestic						国内的，家里的
complex						复杂的，建筑群，情节
locate						把...设置在
tighten						使变紧，使更严格
physics						物理学
foothold						立足处
discharge						解雇，流出，履行，出院
advanced						高级的，先进的，晚期的
in advance						预先
complicated					复杂的，棘手的
needy							贫穷的
stale							不新鲜的，厌倦的
casual						偶然的，随意的，临时工，便装
conform						遵从，符合
recharge						给...充电
annually						每年
frown							皱眉
decline						下降，恶化，婉拒
originate						起源，创作，引发
prospect						希望，景色，潜在客户，勘探
prospects						成功机会
curious						好奇的
incentive						刺激，优惠
virus							病毒，毒害
cultivate						耕作，培养，建立
potential						潜在的，可能的，潜力
reluctant						不情愿的
miserable						痛苦的，不幸的
persuasion						说服，信仰
competitiveness					竞争意识，竞争力
\\\\\\\\

n. [C] 被选出来（通常由一个更大的组织所选出来）的负责做出决策或处理某一事务的一群人，即委员会。政治领域较常见:
committee |[kə'mɪtɪ]
a committee meeting 委员会的会议 
central committee 中央委员会 
standing committee 常务委员会 
ad hoc, special committee 临时委员会；特别委员会 
senate committee 参议院委员会 
executive, management, steering committee 执行委员会；管理委员会；指导委员会 
advisory, consultative committee 顾问委员会；咨询委员会 
disciplinary, investigating, planning committee 纪律委员会；调查委员会；计划委员会 
finance committee 财务委员会 
a committee on the safety of medicines 医药安全委员会 
a committee of experts 专家委员会

n. [C] 平民、老百姓，是一个与军人或警察相对的概念，强调武力上的一种弱势地位:
adj. 用于表示非军事的人或事物，如平民的、民用的:
civilian |[sɪ'vɪljən]
unarmed civilian 手无寸铁的平民 
the killing of innocent civilians 屠杀无辜平民 
ordinary civilian 普通平民 
local civilian 当地平民 
the country’s civilian population 该国家的平民人口 
civilian casualties 平民伤亡

adj.（动物）驯养的，作为宠物来饲养的、非野生的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 1 家用的、家庭的、家务的:
2 喜爱家庭生活的、享受家庭乐趣的、乐于操持家务的:
n. [C]（也可用domestic help或domestic worker）家庭里的佣人、家政工:
n. [C] [英，非正式] 家庭成员之间的纠纷或矛盾:
adj.（动物）驯养的，非野生的:
adj. [常用于名词前] 本国的、国内的:
domestic |[dəˈmestɪk]
a domestic cat 家猫
domestic appliances 家用器具 
a plan for sharing domestic chores 分担家务活的计划 
the growing problem of domestic violence (= violence between members of the same family) 日趋严重的家庭暴力问题 
I was called out to attend a domestic dispute. 我被叫出去解决一场家庭纠纷。
It was a scene of such domestic bliss. 这是一幅家庭如此幸福的画面。
domestic service (= the work of a servant in a large house) 家政服务 
domestic help (= help with the work in a house; the person or people who do this work) 家务帮助；家佣 
I'm not a very domestic sort of person. 我不是那种很喜欢待在家里的人。
She was kind and domestic and put her family before her part-time job. 她人很好也顾家，把家庭看得比兼职工作更为重要。
The police were called to sort out a domestic. 已叫警察来解决家庭纠纷。
domestic animal 家畜        
domestic affairs, domestic politics 国内事务；国内政治 domestic flights (= to and from places within a country) 国内航班 
Output consists of both exports and sales on the domestic market. 产量包括出口和国内市场销售两部分。

adj. 由很多相互关联的不同事物或部分组成的，即复杂的；还可指难以理解的，即难懂的，费解的:
n. [C] 对某事的不正常忧虑:
n. [C] 尤用于构成复合词，指不正常的精神状态；情结:
n. [C] 相关联的一组事物:
n. [C] 坐落在同一地方的，类型相似的一群建筑:
adj.（单词或句子）复合的（即由一个主要部分和一个或多个其他部分组成的，具体可指词根加有词缀或主句含有从句）:
complex |['kɒmpleks]
complex machinery 结构复杂的机器 
the complex structure of the human brain 错综复杂的人脑构造 
complex argument, complex problem, complex subject 难懂的论证；难懂的问题；难懂的科目 
a complex system of voting 一套复杂的表决机制 
This is a highly complex matter. 这件事非常复杂。
technically complex surgery 技术上复杂的外科手术
to have a complex about ... 对…的不正常忧虑 
Don’t nag him about his handwriting or he’ll get a complex. 别总是指责他的书写，要不然他一写字就紧张。
to give sb complex 令某人产生心理症结
persecution complex 受迫害妄想症 
inferiority, superiority complex 自卑感；优越感 
to suffer from a guilt complex 蒙受负罪感之苦
a complex of issues 一组相关的问题
huge, large, vast complex 巨大的建筑群 
entertainment, leisure, shopping, sports complex 娱乐中心；休闲娱乐中心；购物中心；体育中心 
apartment（美）, factory, hospital, housing, museum, office complex 公寓楼群；厂区；医院综合楼；住宅区；博物馆楼群；办公楼群 
industrial, military complex 工业区；军事区

vt. 把…安置在（或建造于）某地:
vi. [尤美]（在某地）创办公司或企业:
vt. 找出或确定…的准确位置:
locate |[ləʊˈkeɪt;美ˈloʊkeɪt]
They located their headquarters in Swindon. 他们把总部设在了斯温登。
Tudor Court represents your opportunity to locate at the heart of the new Birmingham. 都铎宛，您在新伯明翰中心区置业的好机会。
The hotel is centrally located between Dam Square and Central Station. 宾馆位于水坝广场和中央火车站之间，处于中心地段。
Courtrooms are typically located in the interior of the building. 法庭通常位于大楼的内部。
Tribal lands are primarily located in remote rural regions. 部族土地基本上都处在偏远的乡村地区。
Two people can meet in virtual reality even if physically located in different continents. 两个人即便身处不同的大陆，也可以在虚拟现实中相遇。
The Web connects members regardless of where they are located geographically.无论成员身处什么地理位置，网络都把他们连在了一起。
The hotel is conveniently located within walking distance of the beach. 宾馆离海滩步行就可以到，很方便。
There are tax breaks for businesses that locate in rural areas. 在农村地区创办企业享有税收减免。
tax breaks for businesses that locate in run-down neighbor-hoods 针对开办在老旧街区的商户的减税措施 
Atlanta was voted the best city in which to locate a business by more than 400 chief executives. 逾400名行政总裁投票推选亚特兰大为最适宜开办公司的城市。
The company has increased the share of jobs located overseas. 公司增加了海外岗位的比例。
The mechanic located the fault immediately. 机修工立即找到了出故障的地方。
Rescue planes are trying to locate the missing sailors. 救援飞机正在努力查明失踪水手的下落。
The scientists want to locate the position of the gene on a chromosome. 科学家们希望找出该基因在染色体中的位置。
We've simply been unable to locate him. 我们就是没办法找到他。
The machine can accurately locate radioactive material. 这台机器能准确地确定放射性物质的位置。
We haven't yet been able to locate a suitable site. 我们仍然没能找到一个合适的场所。
Some stars are very easy to locate with a telescope. 有些星星用望远镜可以很容易地找到。
She took time to help me locate research materials. 她花时间帮我找研究材料。

vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (up)（使）抓紧、攥紧:
vt.&vi.（使）绷紧，拉紧（绳子、链子）:
vt.&vi. 拧紧，旋紧（螺钉、螺丝帽、盖子等）:
vt.&vi.（使）（政府或组织机构）严格控制（一群人或一项活动）:
vt. ~ (sth) (up) 使（规定、政策、制度）更加严格，如加强:
vi.（身体部位）变僵硬，产生憋闷感，产生阻塞感:
tighten |[ˈtaɪtn]
She tightened her grip on his arm. 她抓他的手臂抓得更紧了。
Luke answered by tightening his grip on her shoulder. 卢克的回应就是把她的肩头抓得更紧了。
Her arms tightened about his neck in gratitude. 她充满感激，把他的脖子搂得更紧了。
His hand tightened painfully around her wrist. 他的手紧紧握住她的手腕，弄得她生疼。
Her grip seemed to tighten on the door handle. 她似乎把门把手抓得更紧了。
Her fingers tightened unconsciously with every jolt she received. 她每受一次颠簸，她的手指都会无意识地并拢。
The anchorman flung his whole weight back, tightening the rope. 那个压阵队员使尽了全身力气往后拽，把绳子拉得紧紧的。
The cables tightened and he was lifted gradually from the deck. 缆绳绷紧了，他被慢慢地吊离了甲板。
to tighten a rope/knot 绷紧绳子；打紧结 
The rope holding the boat suddenly tightened and broke. 系船的绳子突然绷断了。
I used my thumbnail to tighten the screw on my lamp. 我用拇指指甲把台灯上的螺钉拧紧了。
All the bolts were fully tightened. 所有的螺钉都拧紧了。
The nuts weren't properly tightened and the wheel came off. 螺母没拧紧，轮子脱落了。
to tighten a lid 拧紧盖子
He knows he has considerable support for his plans to tighten his grip on the machinery of central government. 他清楚有相当多的人支持他对中央政府机构加强控制的计划。
As the regime's grip on the mainland tightened over the next few years, hundreds of thousands more people fled south. 随着后来几年那个政权加强对大陆的控制，又有数十万人逃往南方。
to tighten security 加强安全措施 
The United States plans to tighten the economic sanctions currently in place. 美国计划加大现有经济制裁的力度。
They have tightened security along the border. 他们加强了边境的安全工作。
His mouth tightened into a thin hard line. 他的嘴紧绷成—道细缝。
Sofia's throat had tightened and she couldn't speak. 索菲娅喉咙哽住了，说不出话来。
His words made her throat tighten. 他的话使她喉咙发紧。
She saw his jaw tighten and his face lose its colour. 她看见他的下巴绷紧，脸色煞白。
Her face tightened with pain. 她痛得紧绷着脸。
He felt his stomach tighten. 他感到肚子发紧。
He saw his father's jaw tighten in irritation. 他看到父亲气得紧咬牙关。

n. [U] 物理学:
physics |['fɪzɪks]
classical physics 经典物理学 
modern physics 现代物理学 
applied, theoretical physics 应用物理学；理论物理学 
nuclear physics 核物理学 
college, university physics 大学物理 
the law of physics 物理定律

n. [C] 攀登时足可踩的缝、洞、树枝等:
n. [usually sing.]（可以此发展或取得成功的）立足点、稳固地位:
foothold |[ˈfʊthəʊld;美-hoʊld]
He lowered his legs until he felt he had a solid foothold on the rockface beneath him. 他把腿向下伸，直到他感觉稳稳地踩住下面的石头。
firm, secure foothold 稳当的踏脚处 
He found a secure foothold and pulled himself up. 他找到了一个稳当的踏脚处并爬了上去。
She scrabbled for a foothold on the steep grassy bank. 她在长满草的陡岸边摸索踩脚的地方。
The company has a firm foothold in this market. 该公司在这个市场已经站稳了脚跟。
The company is trying to gain a foothold in the European market. 这个公司正设法立足欧洲市场。
If British business is to have a successful future, companies must establish a firm foothold in Europe. 如果英国公司想在未来成功发展，就必须在欧洲建立稳固的基础。
I hope the book will provide a foothold for students of the subject. 我希望这本书能让本专业的学生打下基础。

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (from sth) 给予某人正式许可，让其离开一份工作；使某人丢掉一份工作（如解雇）:
n. [U, C] ~ (from sth) 免职:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (from sth) 给予某人正式许可，让其离开一个地方:
n. [U, C] ~ (from sth) 正式准许（或告诉）某人让其离开某地，尤指让某人出院、退伍或将其免职:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (into sth)（气体或液体）排出、放出、流出:
n. [U, C]（液体或气体的）排出、放出、流出；也可指此类排放物质或流出物质:
vt. [正式] 尽一切必要之努力来履行或完成某项职责、责任、义务:
n. [U] [正式]（任务或职责的）履行，执行:
n. [U, C] 放电:
vt.&vi. [术语] 发（力）；放（电）:
vt. [正式] 清偿（债务）:
n. [U] [正式]（债务的）清偿:
vt. [正式]（某人）开火、击发（枪、炮）:
n. [C]（枪、炮的）击发:
n. [C]（从监狱或法庭中）释放:
vt. [常用被动式] 允许某人离开监狱或法庭，即释放:
discharge |[dɪsˈtʃɑ:dʒ;美-ˈtʃɑ:rdʒ]
He was discharged from the army following his injury. 他受伤后就退伍了。
He was found guilty and dishonourably discharged from the army. 他被判有罪，被开除军籍。
She was discharged from the police force for bad conduct. 她因行为不轨被清除出警察队伍。
Patients were being discharged from the hospital too early. 病人都过早获准出院。
She had discharged herself against medical advice. 她不听医嘱擅自出院了。
He has a broken nose but may be discharged today. 他鼻梁断了，但或许今天就能出院。
He was discharged from the army following his injury. 他受伤后就退伍了。
He was found guilty and dishonourably discharged from the army. 他被判有罪，被开除军籍。
She was discharged from the police force for bad conduct. 她因行为不轨被清除出警察队伍。
honourable discharge 光荣退役
The river is diverted through the power station before discharging into the sea. 这条河改道经水电站后流入大海。
The factory was fined for discharging chemicals into the river. 这家工厂因往河里排放化学物质而被罚款。
Raw sewage was discharged from the treatment plant directly into the river. 未经处理的污水从处理厂直接排入河中。
The resulting salty water will be discharged at sea. 所产生的盐水将被排入大海。
The bird had trouble breathing and was discharging blood from the nostrils. 那只鸟呼吸困难，并且鼻孔里还在流血。
industrial, sewage, waste discharge 工业排放；污水排放；废物排放 
radioactive discharge（尤英） 放射性物质的排放 
All discharges and disposals of radioactive waste from Springfields were within relevant limits. 斯普林菲尔德所有放射性废料的排放和处理都在限定的范围之内。
a ban on the discharge of toxic waste 禁止有毒废物的排放 
nasal, vaginal discharge (= from the nose/vagina) 鼻涕；阴道分泌物 
a thick discharge from the nose 浓鼻涕 
They develop a fever and a watery discharge from their eyes. 他们开始发烧，眼睛里分泌出一种水状物。
I will faithfully discharge my duties. 我将忠诚地履行我的职责。
to discharge your responsibilities, to discharge your obligations 履行责任；履行义务 
the quiet competence with which he discharged his many college duties 他得以胜任众多大学职务的那种内秀           
the discharge of obligations 义务的履行
thunder and lightning caused by electrical discharges 由放电产生的雷电 
Lightning is caused by clouds discharging electricity. 闪电是由云层放电产生的。
The goods will be sold for a fraction of their value in order to discharge the debt. 货物将被贱价卖出以清偿债务。
the discharge of debts 债务的清偿
Lewis was tried for unlawfully and dangerously discharging a weapon. 刘易斯因非法和不安全的开枪而受到了审判。
The police officer accidentally discharged a firearm while unloading it. 警官在给枪退弹时不小心走了火。
an accidental discharge from a dropped gun 枪掉在地上走火
absolute discharge（英）无条件释放 
conditional discharge （英） 有条件释放 
He was given an absolute discharge but banned from driving for 12 months. 他获得无条件释放，但12个月内禁止驾驶。
to conditionally discharge（英）有条件释放 
He was conditionally discharged after admitting the theft. 他承认偷盗行为后被有条件地释放了。
She was formally discharged by the court. 她被法庭正式释放。

adj. 处于发展的晚期或后期的:
adj. 1（技术、设备、方法、设计、制度、国家等）先进的:
2（学生）程度高的；（课程）高阶段的:
adj. 高龄的、年事已高的:
adj.（疾病）处于晚期的:
advanced |[ədˈvɑ:nst;美-ˈvænst]
the advanced stages of the disease 疾病晚期 
'Medicare' is available to victims of advanced kidney disease. 老年医疗保险也适用于肾病晚期患者。
The disease was too far advanced for doctors to operate. 病已发展到晚期，即使医生做手术也于事无补了。
His ideas should be more advanced by the time the Committee meets in Edinburgh in October. 到委员会10月份在爱丁堡开会时，他的观点应该更为成熟了。
advanced technology 先进技术 
the most advanced optical telescope in the world 世界上最先进的光学望远镜 
advanced industrial societies 先进的工业社会 
a technologically advanced society 科技发达的社会 
a highly advanced economy 高度发达的经济 
Without more training or advanced technical skills, they'll lose their jobs. 没有进一步的培训或高级技能的话，他们就会丢掉工作。
The course is suitable for beginners and advanced students. 本课程适合初学者及程度较高者。
The lab has recently been updated to allow for more advanced courses. 实验室最近经过更新，可以上更高阶的课程了。
There were only three of us on the advanced course. 只有我们三人学高级课程。
The gentleman, despite his advanced years, helped Kathryn back to her seat. 这位绅士，尽管年事已高，仍然帮着凯瑟琳回到座位上。
the advanced stages of the disease 疾病晚期 
'Medicare' is available to victims of advanced kidney disease. 老年医疗保险也适用于肾病晚期患者。
The disease was too far advanced for doctors to operate. 病已发展到晚期，即使医生做手术也于事无补了。

adj. 由很多相联系的事物或部分组成的（即复杂的）；难以理解的；难处理的:
complicated |[ˈkɒmplɪkeɪtɪd;美ˈkɑ:m-]
a complicated system 复杂的系统 
a very complicated voting system 非常复杂的选举体制 
The instructions look very complicated. 这说明书看起来很难懂。
It's all very complicated─but I'll try and explain. 尽管这一切都很难理解，但我会尽力解释。
It all sounds very complicated. 听起来一切都非常复杂。
This is where the story gets complicated. 故事从这儿开始变得复杂起来。
The situation in Lebanon is very complicated. 黎巴嫩的情况十分复杂。
The world of finance is fiendishly complicated. 金融界极度复杂。

adj.（人）缺乏自信的；需要精神支持的:
adj.（人）没有足够的衣食、住房、医疗等基本生活条件的，即贫穷的:
n. [pl.] the needy可指贫困的人（即没有足够的基本生活条件者）:
needy |[ˈni:di]
emotionally needy 情感上需要支持的
a multinational force aimed at ensuring that food and medicine get to needy Somalis 旨在确保将食物和药品送至贫困的索马里民众手中的多国部队 
a woman who looked needy 一个看起来贫穷的女人 
financially needy 经济上穷困的 
the children of poor and needy parents来自贫困家庭的孩子 

adj.（因持续做某事时间太长而）厌倦的、腻烦的、不能再把事情做好（或不能再产生新创意的）:
adj. 1（食物，尤指面包和糕点）不新鲜的、吃起来味道不正常的:
2（空气、烟等）不新鲜的、难闻的:
3（所说或所做的事情等）陈腐的、没新意的、老掉牙的:
stale |[steɪl]
After ten years in the job, she felt stale and needed a change. 在那个岗位干了十年之后，她觉得腻了，需要换换工作。
I believe in progression, in taking risks, in never getting stale. 我崇尚进取、冒险和永不倦怠。
This bread's going stale. 面包已经不新鲜了。
Their daily diet consisted of a lump of stale bread, a bowl of rice and stale water. 他们的日常饮食包括一块不新鲜的面包、一碗米饭和变味的水。
stale cigarette smoke 难闻的烟味儿 
The atmosphere was stale with cigarette smoke. 烟味儿令空气污浊。
The room smelled musty and stale. 这个房间闻起来有股发霉的味儿。
the smell of stale sweat 汗臭味 
A layer of smoke hung low in the stale air. 一层烟雾低悬在污浊的空气中。
stale jokes 老掉牙的笑话 
The Government, he said, were sticking to stale ideas. 他说政府仍在抱残守缺。
His subject matter has grown stale. 他的题目已经不新鲜了。
Their marriage had gone stale. 他们的婚姻已了无热情。
Her relationship with Mark has become stale. 她和马克之间已经没有新鲜感了。

adj. 非正式的:
adj. 常作前置定语，（关系）感情不深的，疏远的:
adj. 1 常作前置定语，不在乎的，不多想的，看起来不担心的，不想表明某事对你是重要的:
2 常作前置定语，不注意细节的，即马虎的，疏忽的:
n. [pl.] casuals可表示非正式的鞋，即便鞋:
n. [pl.] casuals可表示非正式的服装或鞋，即休闲服，便装:
adj. 非正式的:
adj. [英] 常作前置定语，（工作）临时的或不定期的:
n. [C] 临时工:
adj. 只作前置定语，偶然发生的，碰巧做某事的，或未经计划的:
casual |['kæӡuəl]
casual clothes 便装 
family parties and other casual occasions 家庭聚会和其他非正式场合
a casual acquaintance 泛泛之交 
a casual friendship 一般的友谊
a casual manner 漫不经心的样子 
a casual remark 不经意说出的话 
a casual attitude 无所谓的态度 
a casual glance 随便扫一眼 
It’s obvious even to the casual observer. 即便再马虎的人也能一眼看明白是怎么回事。
dressed in casuals 穿着便装 
casual clothes 便装
casual worker, casual labour 临时工 
to do casual work 做零工 
They are employed on a casual basis. 他们被雇为临时工。
casual encounter, casual meeting 不期而遇；邂逅 
a casual passer-by 碰巧过路的人 
The disease is not spread by casual contact. 此病不会通过偶然接触传染。
a casual remark 随意说的话

vi. ~ (to sth) 在思想或行为上与群体或社会里的大多数人一致，如顺从、顺应、随大流:
vi. ~ to/with sth 遵守一项规则、法律等:
vi. ~ to sth 与某事物的样式、类型等相一致、相符合、相吻合:
conform |[kənˈfɔ:m;美-ˈfɔ:rm]
There is considerable pressure on teenagers to conform. 年轻人被大力要求顺应主流。
Many children who can't or don't conform are often bullied. 很多不能或不去随大流的小孩常常被人欺负。
He did not feel obliged to conform to the rules that applied to ordinary men. 他觉得自己没义务去遵守那些普通人才会去遵守的规定。
He refused to conform to the local customs. 他拒绝遵从当地的风俗习惯。
The toys fail to conform to current safety standards. 这些玩具不符合现行的安全标准。
This equipment conforms fully with the latest safety regulations. 这件设备完全符合最新的安全规定。
The building does not conform with safety regulations. 这座建筑物不符合安全条例。
The accountant's reports appear to conform with the requirements of professional standards. 会计师的报告看起来符合专业标准。
The Night Rider lamp has been designed to conform to new British Standard safety requirements. “夜行者”灯的设计符合新的英国安全标准的要求。
The meat market can continue only if it is radically overhauled to conform with strict European standards. 肉类市场只有经过彻底的大检查，严格遵守欧洲标准，才能继续营业。
All companies are required to conform to these rules. 所有公司都必须遵守这些规定。
to force science to conform with a political or social ideology 迫使科学与政治或社会意识形态保持一致 
It did not conform to the usual stereotype of an industrial city. 这和一座常规的工业城市那种千篇一律的格局不一样。
I am well aware that we all conform to one stereotype or another. 我们所有人都能找到某种与自己相似的模式化形象，这一点我很清楚。
Like most 'peacetime wars' it did not conform to preconceived ideas. 如同大多数“和平时代的战争”一样，这与我们的预想不同。           

restore electrical energy in (a battery or a battery-operated device) by connecting it to a power supply:通过将其连接到电源来恢复（电池或电池供电设备）中的电能
(of a battery or battery-operated device) be refilled with electrical energy:（电池或电池供电的设备）重新充满电能
refill (a cup, glass, or other container) with liquid:refill（杯子、玻璃杯或其他容器）装满液体
be refilled:被补充
(of a person) return to a normal state of mind or strength after a period of exertion:（人）经过一段时间的劳累后，精神或力量恢复正常状态
the replenishment of an aquifer by the absorption of water:通过吸水补充含水层
recharge |ˌriːˈtʃɑːdʒ| Noun/Verb/:,再充电
he plugged his razor in to recharge it:
the drill takes about three hours to recharge:电钻充电大约需要三个小时
we recharged our glasses:我们给我们的眼镜充电
the rate at which the aquifer recharges naturally:含水层自然补给的速率
she needs a bit of time to recharge after giving so much of herself:她在付出了这么多之后需要一点时间来充电
extensive areas of trees reduce recharge to the underlying aquifers:大面积的树木减少了对下层含水层的补给

once a year; every year:一年一次；每年
annually |ˈanjʊəli| Adverb/:每年,每年一次
the prize is awarded annually:该奖项每年颁发一次

vi. ~ (at sb/sth)（因恼怒、担心、困惑、全神贯注等而）皱眉；蹙额:
n. [usually sing.]（因恼怒、担心、困惑、全神贯注等所做的）皱眉；蹙额:
frown |[fraʊn]
What are you frowning at me for? 你为什么朝我皱眉头？
Nancy shook her head, frowning. 南希摇了摇头，皱着眉头。
He frowned at her anxiously. 他不安地朝她皱了皱眉。
She studied the letter, frowning thoughtfully. 她仔细地读了那封信，皱眉陷入了沉思。
He looked at the coded message, frowning in/with concentration. 他盯着密码文，皱起眉头陷入了沉思。
He frowned with annoyance.他恼怒地皱起眉头。
She looked up with a puzzled frown on her face. 她抬头望着，满脸困惑，双眉紧锁。
deep, heavy frown 紧皱的眉头 
faint, little, slight, small, tiny frown 轻皱的眉头；微皱的眉 
confused, puzzled, thoughtful, worried frown 茫然的皱眉；困惑的皱眉；沉思的皱眉；忧虑的皱眉 
disapproving frown 表示不赞同的皱眉 
angry, fierce frown 怒锁眉头 
The boy gave a small frown. 小男孩微微皱了一下眉。
She wore a worried frown. 她忧愁地皱着眉头。
Her face creased into a frown. 她一副愁眉苦脸的样子。
His brows drew together in a frown. 他眉头紧锁。
Her frown grew deeper at the memory. 她想起这一往事、眉头皱得更紧了。
A frown of concern creased her forehead. 她因担心而前额皱了起来。
A frown marred his handsome features. 紧皱的眉头让他英俊的面容发生了扭曲。
A frown crossed her brow. 她双眉紧锁。
frown line 眉纹 
a frown of concentration, a frown of concern 皱起眉头集中精神；皱眉表示不安 
a frown on your face 脸上的不悦 
a slight frown of disapproval 略显不赞成的脸色

vi. 变得更小、更少等:
decline (of sth)（某事物的数量、价值、质量等的）持续降低、减少、下降:
n. 衰落:
vi. 衰退:
vt.＆vi. [正式] 礼貌地拒绝接受；礼貌地拒绝去做某事。常翻译为“谢绝”:
vt.＆vi. 一个名词、形容词或代词根据其在句中的作用（如是否作一个动词的主语或宾语、是否是单数或复数等）而变化形式；使发生上述词形变化:
decline |[dɪ'klaɪn]
Profits declined by 6% this year. 今年利润减少了6%。
The number of full-time staff has declined from 300 to just 50. 全职员工的数量从300人下降到区区50人。
to decline in size 规模下降
a small decline in the company’s profits 公司利润的略有减少 
the decline of public transport 公共交通的减少 
mental, physical decline 智力下降；体力下降 
population, price decline 人口减少；价格降低 
a steep decline in sales 销售额的陡降 
a sharp decline in educational standards 教育水平的急剧下滑
a steady decline in manufacturing 制造业的持续衰退 
economic, urban decline 经济衰退；城市衰落 
the moral decline of the nation 这个民族的道德沦丧 
national decline 民族衰落 
the decline of business 生意下滑 
the decline and fall of a great civilization 一个伟大文明的衰落
Support for the party continues to decline. 对该党的支持继续下降。
Her health was declining rapidly. 她的健康状况迅速恶化。
The economy has declined sharply in recent years. 近几年经济急剧下滑。
The market for these products is declining fast. 这些产品的市场正在迅速萎缩。
to decline an offer, to decline an invitation 谢绝对方的主动帮助；谢绝对方的邀请 
I offered to give them a lift but they declined. 我主动邀请他们搭车，但他们婉言谢绝了。
Their spokesman declined to comment on the allegations. 他们的发言人拒绝对这些指控加以评论。

vi. [正式] 在某地或某种情况中头一次发生或出现，即起源、发源于:
vt. [正式] 创立、创建、发明新事物:
originate |[əˈrɪdʒɪneɪt]
The disease is thought to have originated in the tropics. 这种疾病据说起源于热带地区。
The disease originated in Africa. 这种病源于非洲。
All carbohydrates originate from plants. 所有的碳水化合物均来自植物。
He believes that all religions originated from a single source. 他认为所有的宗教都有同一个本源。
to originate an idea 创立一种思想 
Locke originated this theory in the 17th century. 洛克于17世纪创立了这个理论。

n. [C] ~ (for sth) 竞赛中的有望获胜者:
vi. ~ (for sth) 在一片区域内寻找黄金、矿物、石油等:
n. [C] [正式] 一片土地等的一个开阔景色:
n. 1 [sing.] ~ (of sth/of doing sth) 前景、展望、设想:
They now face the prospect of having to wear a cycling helmet by law. 他们现在面临的情形是:
2 [pl.] prospects (for/of sth) 成功的前景:
n. [pl.] prospects (for/of sth) 成功的机会:
~ (that…)（某事将要发生的）可能性:
prospect |[ˈprɒspekt;美ˈprɑ:s-]
She is one of Canada's best prospects for a gold medal. 她是加拿大最有希望夺金的选手之一。
a list of the hot new prospects on the literary scene 文坛上一连串炙手可热的新秀
Thousands moved to the area to prospect for gold. 数以千计的人涌入那个地区淘金。
He had prospected for minerals everywhere from the Gobi Desert to the Transvaal. 他已在从戈壁沙漠到德兰士瓦的无数地方勘探过矿藏。
In fact, the oil companies are already prospecting not far from here. 事实上，石油公司已经在离此不远处进行勘探。
to prospect for new clients（比喻用法）寻找新客户
a delightful prospect of the lake 令人心旷神怡的湖上风光
an exciting prospect 令人兴奋的前景 
I don't relish the prospect of having to share an office. 一想到将来要和别人共用一间办公室我就感到不快。
Travelling alone around the world is a daunting prospect. 想象着将要只身走遍世界颇令人心悸。
The prospect of becoming a father filled him with alarm. 一想到将为人父他就满怀忧思。
After supper he'd put his feet up and read. It was a pleasant prospect. 晚饭后，他会架起脚来看书。想起来就让人愉快。
future, long-term prospects前程；远景 
development, economic, growth prospects发展前景；经济前景；增长前景 
career, employment, job prospects职业前景；就业前景；工作前途 
survival prospects生存前景 
Their prospects of employment look better than last year. 他们的就业前景看起来好于去年。
At 25 he was an unemployed musician with no prospects. 25岁的他是个没有工作、前途渺茫的乐师。
Long-term prospects for the economy have improved. 长期的经济前景已有所改善。
I chose to work abroad to improve my career prospects. 我选择出国工作以求在事业上有更好的发展。
a detailed review of the company's prospects 对该公司前景的详细考查
promotion prospects（尤英）（美式通常用prospects for promotion）晋升机会 
election, electoral, re-election prospect 获选的机会；重新当选的机会 
This position offers excellent promotion prospects. 这一职位有极好的晋升机会。
Getting the right qualifications will enhance your employment prospects. 取得一些适当的资格证明将大大提高你的就业机会。
What are the prospects of promotion in this job? 做这份工作有多少晋升的机会？
There is no immediate prospect of peace. 短期内没有和平的可能。
A place in the semi-finals is in prospect (= likely to happen). 可望争得半决赛权。
There's a reasonable prospect that his debts will be paid. 有理由相信他会偿还债务的。
Unfortunately, there is little prospect of seeing these big questions answered. 不幸的是，几乎不可能看到这些重大问题得到回复。
The prospects for peace in the country's eight-year civil war are becoming brighter. 该国经历八年内战之后重归和平的前景正逐渐变得光明。
Major developments are in prospect for the company. 公司可望有大的发展。
There is little prospect of any improvement in the weather. 天气几乎没有好转的可能。           


prospects | 前景,展望

curious (to do sth) 有强烈的欲望去了解某事物的，即好奇的，相当于inquisitive:
adj. curious (that ...) 奇怪且不寻常的。但不如strange常用:
curious |['kjʊərɪəs]
adj. curious (about sth) 
I was curious to find out what she had said. 我真想弄清楚她说了些什么。
Everyone was curious as to why Mark was leaving. 马克为什么要离去，大家都感到好奇。
to make me curious 使我感到好奇 
a curious boy 好奇心强的男孩子 
Puppies are naturally curious. 小狗天生好奇。
a curious feeling 奇特的感觉 
a slightly curious statement 有点儿奇怪的陈述 
It was curious that she didn’t tell anyone. 她没有告诉任何人，这很反常。

n. [C, U] ~ (for/to sb/sth) (to do sth) 对人的刺激、激励、鼓励:
incentive |[ɪnˈsentɪv]
political incentive 政治激励 
commercial, economic, financial, fiscal, monetary incentive 商业刺激；经济刺激；金融刺激；财政刺激；金钱刺激 
cash incentive 现金奖励 
material incentive 物质激励 
price, tax incentive 价格刺激；税收奖励 
sales 销售激励 
investment incentive 投资激励 
performance, work incentive 业绩奖励；工作奖励 
employee incentives such as bonuses and commission 奖金、提成之类的雇员奖励措施 
federal, government incentive 联邦奖励；政府奖励 
It was thought that this would act as an incentive for couples to adopt older children. 人们认为这将会对夫妇们收养大一些的孩子起到激励作用。
She had the added incentive of being within reach of the world record. 世界纪录触手可及，这使她又有了新的动力。
The government has created tax incentives to encourage investment. 政府已经出台了税收优惠措施鼓励投资。
companies that receive government incentives 得到政府奖励的公司 
High taxation rates have undermined work incentives. 高税率削弱了工作激励措施的作用。
incentive plan, incentive programme/program, incentive scheme（英）, incentive structure 激励方案；奖励制度 
an incentive system based on supervisors' evaluations 以督导员的评价为基础的激励制度 
The company operates a share incentive scheme for its workers. 该公司对员工实行股权激励机制。
incentive policy 激励政策 
incentive award, incentive bonus, incentive fee, incentive package, incentive pay, incentive payment 激励奖品；奖金；一揽子激励措施；奖励工资 
an incentive to investment 对投资的鼓励 
Companies have every incentive to put up prices. 各公司都有充足的理由涨价。
There is a lack of incentive to undertake new investment.新投资缺乏动力。
There is no incentive for people to save fuel. 没有使人们节约燃料的鼓励办法。
There is little or no incentive to adopt such measures. 几乎没有什么激励政策来促使人们采取这些措施。
Many companies in Britain are keen on the idea of tax incentives for R&D. 英国许多公司都很欢迎以税收优惠的方式来鼓励研发的想法。
There was little incentive to conduct research. 对从事研究的激励微乎其微。
US companies faced a clear incentive to downsize. 美国公司面临明确的裁员压力。
direct financial incentives to have smaller families 鼓励缩小家庭规模的直接财政刺激

n. [C]（在人或动植物中能引起疾病的）病毒:
n. [C] 计算机病毒:
n. [C] [非正式] 由病毒引起的疾病，即病毒性疾病:
virus |['vaɪərəs]
flu virus 流感病毒 
virus infection 病毒感染 
deadly virus 致命的病毒
computer, email virus 计算机病毒；电子邮件病毒 
virus protection, virus scanning 病毒防护；病毒扫描
There was a virus going around the village. 那个村庄里流行着一种病毒性疾病。

vt. [有时贬] 建立友谊、获得支持:
vt. 逐渐形成某种态度、言行方式、形象、技能等:
vt. 开垦、耕作（土地）:
vt. 种植、栽培、培育（植物或庄稼）:
cultivate |[ˈkʌltɪveɪt]
He purposely tried to cultivate good relations with the press. 他特意设法与新闻界搞好关系。
It helps if you go out of your way to cultivate the local people. 主动结交当地人大有好处。
Howe carefully cultivated Daniel C. Roper, the Assistant Postmaster General. 豪谨慎地和邮政副部长丹尼尔·C.罗珀拉近关系。
Estonia has done much to cultivate the friendship of western European countries. 爱沙尼亚努力发展与西欧国家的友谊。
She cultivated an air of sophistication. 她养成了一派精明练达的气度。
He has written eight books and has cultivated the image of an elder statesman. 他已经写了八本书，树立起了其政界元老的形象。
This modern image is actively cultivated by the company. 公司积极塑造其现代形象。
Cultivating a positive mental attitude towards yourself can reap tremendous benefits. 培养一种自信的积极心态会让人受益匪浅。
The land here has been intensively cultivated for generations. 这片土地经过了几代人的精耕细作。
The land around here has never been cultivated. 这一带的土地从未开垦过。
the few patches of cultivated land 为数不多的几小块耕地 
She also cultivated a small garden of her own. 她还耕种了一片属于自己的小园子。
The people cultivate mainly rice and beans. 这里的人们主要种植稻子和豆类。
Olives have been cultivated successfully in southern Australia. 橄榄树已在澳大利亚南部栽培成功。

n. [U] 存在并可以得到开发的品质，如潜力、潜质，相当于promise:
n. [U, C] 物理学中可指电场或电路中两点之间的电压数之差，即电势、电位、电压:
adj. 只用于名词前，指在未来可能发展成某事物的，或在未来可能得到发展的。即潜在的、可能的，相当于possible:
n. [U] potential (for/for doing sth) 某事发生（或得到发展、被使用）的可能性:
potential |[pə'tenʃl]
He has the potential to become a world-class musician. 他有潜力成为世界级的音乐家。
You aren’t using your computer to its full potential. 你没有充分发挥计算机的潜能。
commercial, economic potential 商业潜力；经济潜力 
an industry that has the potential for growth 有发展潜力的行业 
the product’s potential 这款产品的潜力 
The house has a lot of potential. 这所房子颇具潜力。
potential customers 潜在的客户 
a potential prime minister 未来的首相 
potential problems 潜在的问题 
a potential source 潜在的来源
the potential for change 变革的可能性 
excellent potential for increasing sales 增加销售的大好机遇

adj. ~ (to do sth) 不情愿的、勉强的:
reluctant |[rɪˈlʌktənt]
reluctant agreement 勉强同意 
She was reluctant to admit she was wrong. 她不愿承认自己有错。
He finally gave a reluctant smile. 他最后露出了一丝无可奈何的微笑。
a reluctant hero (= a person who does not want to be called a hero) 不情愿做英雄的英雄 
Mr Spero was reluctant to ask for help. 斯佩罗先生不愿意寻求帮助。
The police are very reluctant to get involved in this sort of thing. 警方很不愿意卷入这类事情。
Students may feel reluctant to ask questions. 学生可能不愿意提问。
For a moment, he felt almost reluctant to leave. 他一时感到几乎不愿意离开。
She was curiously reluctant to talk about the experience. 很奇怪，她不愿谈论那次经历。
Children are sometimes understandably reluctant to wear glasses. 孩子们有时不愿意戴眼镜，这是可以理解的。           

adj.（某人）非常不悦的；非常难受的:
adj. 1（地方、形势等）令人非常不悦或难受的:
2（失败）悲惨的，彻底的:
adj. [贬] [只用于名词前]（人）脾气乖戾且不友好的:
adj. 数量太少的:
adj.（天气）阴郁的，令人苦恼的:
miserable |[ˈmɪzrəbl]
We were cold, wet and thoroughly miserable. 我们又冷又湿，难受极了。
Don't look so miserable! 别一副闷闷不乐的样子！
She knows how to make life miserable for her employees. 她知道如何整治她的雇员。
I took a series of badly paid secretarial jobs which made me really miserable. 我做了几份薪酬微薄的秘书工作，这让我非常郁闷。
She went to bed, miserable and depressed. 她伤心而沮丧地上床睡觉。
We got home feeling tired and miserable. 我们回到家，感到又累又沮丧。
He felt absolutely miserable about his exams. 他感觉考试考得精透了。
miserable housing conditions 恶劣的住房条件 
I spent a miserable weekend alone at home. 我独自一人在家度过了一个惨兮兮的周末。
There was nothing at all in this miserable place to distract him. 这个鬼地方根本没有什么东西可以让他分心。
The play was a miserable failure. 这部话剧是个可悲的失败。
The film was a miserable commercial failure both in Italy and in the United States. 这部电影在意大利和美国均遭遇票房惨败。
He was a miserable old devil. 他真是个令人厌烦的老家伙。
He always was a miserable man. He never spoke to me nor anybody else. 他的脾气总是很糟。他从不跟我或其他任何人讲话。
How can anyone live on such a miserable wage? 这么少的工资让人怎么活呀？
Our speed over the ground was a miserable 2.2 knots. 我们在接近地面时的航速仅为2.2节。
It has so far accepted a miserable 1,100 refugees from the former Yugoslavia. 迄今为止，从前南斯拉夫接收的难民只有区区1,100人。
It was a grey, wet, miserable day. 那是阴郁灰暗、潮湿多雨的一天。
It was very cold, damp and miserable. 天气非常寒冷潮湿，令人难受。
What a miserable day (= cold and wet)! 多么难受的一天呀！

n. [C, U] 信仰，尤指宗教信仰或政治信仰:
n. [U] 劝说、说服:
n. [C, U] 宗教信仰:
persuasion |[pəˈsweɪʒn;美pərˈs-]
political, religious persuasion 政治信仰；宗教信仰 
sexual persuasion 性取向 
discrimination on the grounds of a person's sexual persuasion 基于性取向的歧视 
The meeting is open to people of all political persuasions. 持任何政治信仰的人都可以参加这个会议。
He was basically of liberal persuasion. 他基本上持自由派的观点。
young people of every persuasion 持各种信仰的年轻人 
Fortunately for me, my kids are of the persuasion that their failings are of their own making. 对我来说幸运的是，我的孩子们相信失败是他们自己造成的。
It didn't take much persuasion to get her to tell us where he was. 我们没费什么口舌就让她说出了他的下落。
After a little gentle persuasion, he agreed to come. 耐心劝说一下，他就同意来了。
She has great powers of persuasion. 她的游说能力极强。
Only after much persuasion from Ellis had she agreed to hold a show at all. 埃利斯劝了她半天后她才同意办一场展览。
She was using all her powers of persuasion to induce the Griffins to remain in Rollway. 她在极力劝说格里芬斯一家留在罗尔威。
I think with a little persuasion we can get her to come here. 我认为，我们只要稍微劝劝她，就能说动她来这里。
I had to use a little gentle persuasion to get her to agree. 我不得不温和地劝了她一会儿她才同意。
She didn't need much persuasion. 她不需要太多的劝说。
She is uncertain of what she wants and is open to persuasion. 她拿不准自己想要什么，愿意听听别人的说法。
She is very charming, and skilled in the art ofpersuasion. 她很有魅力，而且很懂得如何说服别人。
He will use every means of persuasion to make her stay. 他将使用一切手段说服她留下。
I used all of my powers of persuasion to get Jay to come back.我使出所有本事劝杰伊回来。
religious persuasion 宗教信仰

possession of a strong desire to be more successful than others:拥有比别人更成功的强烈愿望
the quality of being as good as or better than others of a comparable nature:与同等性质的其他人一样好或更好的质量
the quality of comparing well with rival traders in terms of pricing:在定价方面与竞争对手交易者进行比较的质量
competitiveness |kəmˈpɛtɪtɪvnɪs| Noun/:竞争力,竞技
a lot of people get wrapped up in competitiveness and jealousy:很多人都陷入了竞争和嫉妒之中
the competitiveness of the agricultural sector:农业部门的竞争力
shoppers are often pleasantly surprised by the competitiveness of the prices:shoppers常常对价格的竞争力感到惊喜
