fussy							挑剔的，大惊小怪的
dictate						口述，支配，命令
professional					职业性的，专业的，习惯性的，内行
prosper						富有，繁荣
exchange						交换，争论
concentration					专注，聚集，浓度
gesture						手势，用动作示意
deliberate						故意的，慎重的，仔细讨论，认真考虑
contribution					作用，贡献，捐助
bless							神佑，赋予，感激
detective						侦探
evident						明显的
retreat						撤退，隐居处
responsible					负有责任的，成为起因的
identity						身份，特点，个性
statistics						统计数字
appreciate						感激，意识到，欣赏，升值
insult						辱骂，侮辱
neglect						疏于照管，遗漏，忽视
neglect of duty					玩忽职守
primarily						主要的
long							长的，长时间的，很早以前，整个的，渴望
incline						弯下，使...倾向于，弯腰，倾向
asset							资产，优势
overtake						超过，压倒
extension						延长部分，延期，扩大
engine						发动机
emphasize						强调，重读
genuine						真的，真诚的
fascination					入迷，吸引力
lodge							门房，正式提出，寄宿，存放
\\\\\\\\

adj. 过分琐碎的、装饰太多的:
adj. ~ (about sth) 对一些细节或标准（尤指不重要的细节或标准）太过担忧的，即大惊小怪的、挑剔的:
adj. 过分琐碎的:
adj.（做事时）紧张得发抖的，如局促不安的:
fussy |[ˈfʌsi]
The costume designs are too fussy. 这些服装设计过于花哨。
We are not very keen on floral patterns and fussy designs. 我们不是很喜欢花卉图案和过于繁琐的设计。
fussy parents 瞎操心的父母 
Our teacher is very fussy about punctuation. 我们老师对标点符号十分挑剔。
She's such a fussy eater. 她太挑食。
She is not fussy about her food. 她不挑食。
‘Where do you want to go for lunch? ’ ‘I'm not fussy (= I don't mind).’ “你想去哪儿吃午餐？”“我无所谓。” 
Her aunt was small, with a rather fussy manner. 她的姨妈个子矮小，为人相当挑剔。           
We are not very keen on floral patterns and fussy designs. 我们不是很喜欢花卉图案和过于繁琐的设计。
a fussy manner 局促不安的举止 
the quick, fussy movements of her small hands 她的一双小手快速而紧张不安的动作

state or order authoritatively:state或权威命令
control or decisively affect, determine:控制或决定性影响，确定
say or read aloud (words to be typed, written down, or recorded on tape):说或大声朗读（要打字、写下来或记录在磁带上的单词）
an order or principle that must be obeyed:必须遵守的命令或原则
dictate |dɪkˈteɪt| Noun/Verb/:听写,发号施令,口授
the tsar's attempts to dictate policy:沙皇试图制定政策
choice is often dictated by availability:choice通常由可用性决定
I have four letters to dictate:我有四个字母要口授
the dictates of fashion:时尚的主宰

adj. 1 [只用于名词前] 需要专业技能（尤指需要高水平的教育）的工作的，即专业的:
2（人）有需要特殊培训和高水平教育的工作岗位的:
3 表现得训练有素的、专业的:
4 适合于某一专业的:
5 职业性的、专业性的（而非业余的）:
6（体育运动）职业性的、专业性的（而非业余的）:
n. [C]（也可用非正式的pro）职业运动员:
adj.（体育运动）职业性的、专业性的（而非业余的）:
n. 1 [C] 接受过特殊训练且具有较高教育水平的一个人，即专业人士:
2 [C]（也可用非正式的pro）（从事某项活动的）专业人员:
3 [C]（也可用非正式的pro）具有很多技能和经验的一个人，即专家:
professional |[prəˈfeʃənl]
professional qualifications, professional skills 专业资格；专业技能 
professional standards, professional practice 专业水平；行业惯例 
an opportunity for professional development 专业进修的机会 
If it's a legal matter you need to seek professional advice. 如果这属于法律问题，你就需要进行专业咨询了。
His professional career started at Liverpool University. 他的职业生涯是从利物浦大学开始的。
He insisted that his relationship with the duchess was purely professional. 他坚持说他与公爵夫人完全是工作关系。
Most of the people on the course were professional women. 参加本课程的大多数人是职业女性。
highly qualified professional people like doctors and engineers 像医生和工程师这样需要高技能的专业人员 
Their designs look very professional. 他们的设计看上去很专业。
He dealt with the problem in a highly professional way. 他处理这个问题非常专业。
They run it with a truly professional but personal touch. 他们的经营既有真正的专业水准又不乏个人特色。
professional conduct, professional misconduct 职业道德；失职 
a professional golfer 职业高尔夫球运动员 
After he won the amateur championship he turned professional. 他获得业余赛冠军后就转为职业运动员了。
This has been my worst time for injuries since I started as a professional footballer. 这是我当职业足球运动员以来受伤来得最不是时候的一次。
Jack Nicklaus has played in every Major Championship since he turned professional in 1961. 杰克·尼克劳斯自从1961年转为职业选手以来参加了四大赛的所有比赛。
He wants to turn fully professional. 他想成为真正意义上的职业选手。
the world of professional football 职业足球界 
an art student who had played professional football for a short time. 踢过短时间职业足球的艺术系学生
a top golf professional 顶尖级高尔夫球职业选手
the world of professional football 职业足球界 
an art student who had played professional football for a short time. 踢过短时间职业足球的艺术系学生
highly educated and skilled professionals 受过良好教育且技术熟练的专业人士 
the terms that doctors and other health professionals use 医师和其他保健专业人员使用的术语 
The survey should be performed by an independent professional. 这项调查应由一名独立的专业人士进行。
an actor revered by his fellow professionals 受到同行敬重的演员 
computer, medical, legal, marketing, teaching professional 计算机专业人士；医疗专业人士；法律专业人士；营销专业人士；教学专业人士 
a top golf professional 顶尖级高尔夫球职业选手 
This was clearly a job for a real professional. 这显然是需要真正专家才能担任的工作。

succeed in material terms, be financially successful:物质上成功，经济上成功
flourish physically, grow strong and healthy:身体健康，茁壮成长
make successful:make成功
prosper |ˈprɒspə| Verb/:繁荣,兴旺发达
his business prospered:他的生意蒸蒸日上
areas where grey squirrels cannot prosper:灰松鼠不能繁衍的地方
God has wonderfully prospered this nation:上帝奇妙地使这个国家繁荣昌盛

vt. 1 exchange sth (with sb) 与某人交换…:
2 exchange contracts 尤用于英式英语，指交换契约，即互相签署契约，尤指互签或交换房屋或土地的买卖契约:
n. [C, U] 交换，互换:
n. [C] 电话交换台，电话总机，电话局:
n. 1 [C, U] 交换（想法或观点）:
2 [C] 交谈:
vt. exchange sth (with sb) 与某人交换（想法或观点）:
n. [C] 争论。不如argument常用:
n. [C] 两国或两个团体之间的人员短期互访、交流:
n. [C] 在复合词中可指交易所:
vt. exchange A for B 退换商品，相当于change:
n. [U] 各国货币之间的兑换:
vt. exchange A for B 兑换金钱，相当于change:
exchange |[ɪks'tʃeɪndӡ]
Juliet and David exchanged glances. 朱丽叶和戴维相互看了看对方。
I exchanged a few words with the manager. 我与经理相互交谈了几句。
The two men exchanged blows. 两个男人相互殴打起来。
to exchange email address 交换电子邮件地址 
the exchange of prisoners 交换俘虏 
an exchange of glances 互递眼色 
an exchange of insults 相互侮辱 
an exchange of fire (between enemy soldiers) 交火 
I buy you lunch and you fix my computer. Is that a fair exchange? 我请你吃午饭，你给我修电脑，这算是公平交易吧？
I’ll type your report if you’ll babysit in exchange. 如果你愿意代我照看孩子，我就把这份报告给你打出来。
Would you like my old TV in exchange for this camera? 用我的旧电视机换这架照相机，你愿意吗？ 
exchanges of goods 商品交易
a free exchange of ideas and opinions 自由交换想法和看法 
an exchange of information 交换信息 
There was only time for a brief exchange. 只有简短的交谈时间。
to exchange ideas, to exchange news, to exchange information 交流思想；互通消息；交流信息 
I exchanged a few words with the manager. 我与经理交谈了几句。
They’ve had many spirited exchanges. 他们常争得面红耳赤。
verbal exchange 口角 
angry exchanges about the problem of unemployment 有关失业问题的激烈争论 
an exchange over the question of Tom’s guilt 一场有关汤姆的犯罪问题的争论 
Members got into heated exchanges with the chairperson. 委员会成员和主席展开了一场激烈的争论。
to do an exchange with a school in France 与法国的一所学校进行互访 
academic, cultural exchange 学术交流；文化交流 
student, youth exchange 学生互访；青年互访 
official exchange 官方互访
the old Corn Exchange 古老的谷物交易所
If it doesn’t fit, take it back and the store will exchange it. 如果不合适就把它拿回来，商店将给您退换。
currency exchange 货币兑换 
exchange rate 汇率 
You can exchange your currency for dollars in the hotel. 你可在旅馆把你的钱兑换成美元。

n. [U] 专心、专注:
n. [C] ~ (of sth) 很多事物在某地的集中、聚集:
n. [C, U] 某物质在液体或其它物质中的浓度、含量:
n. [U] ~ (on sth) 对某事的关注、重视:
concentration |[ˌkɒnsnˈtreɪʃn;美ˌkɑ:n-]
This book requires a great deal of concentration. 这本书需要全神贯注才能读懂。
The game requires great concentration. 这个游戏要求注意力高度集中。
Neal kept interrupting, breaking my concentration. 尼尔不停地打断我，使得我无法集中注意力。
We lacked concentration and it cost us the goal and the game. 我们注意力不够集中，结果丢了球，输了比赛。
a look of total concentration on her face 她聚精会神的样子 
concentration lapse（尤美）走神 
his concentration on his writing 他对写作的专注 
One momentary lapse in concentration could prove fatal. 瞬间的注意力不集中都可能是致命的。She has great powers of concentration for a child her age. 就她这个年龄的孩子而言，她的专注力极强。
Tiredness affects your powers of concentration. 疲劳影响注意力的集中。
a concentration of industry in the north of the country 这个国家的工业在北部的集中 
The area has one of the world's greatest concentrations of wildlife. 这个地区是世界上野生动物最为密集的区域之一。
The greatest concentration of traffic is downtown. 交通最密集的地方是商业中心区。
There's been too much concentration of power in the hands of central authorities. 权力一直过多地集中在中央机构手中。
glucose concentrations in the blood 血液中的葡萄糖含量 
pH is a measure of the concentration of free hydrogen atoms in a solution. pH值是测试溶液中自由氢原子浓度的单位。
The latest data showed that global ozone concentrations had dropped several per cent over the last decade. 最新数据显示，过去10年来全球臭氧的浓度降低了几个百分点。
calcium, glucose, oxygen, salt concentration 钙的含量；葡葡糖的浓度；氧的含量；盐的浓度 
Evaporation gradually increases the salt concentration of the water. 蒸发作用使水中盐的浓度逐渐升高。
The concentration of nitrates in the drinking water has risen in recent years. 近年来饮用水中硝酸盐的浓度升高了。
a need for greater concentration on environmental issues 更加关注环境问题的必要性

vt.＆vi. gesture (for/to sb) (to do sth) 用手、头、脸等做出某个动作以表示自己的意思或意愿，即用动作示意:
n. 1 [C, U] 用你的手、头、脸等所做出的示意性动作（该动作表达了某种意思）:
2 [C] 某人所做出（或说出）的表示某一情感或意图的行为（或话语），可看作比喻义的“姿态”:
gesture |['dӡestʃə]
‘I see you read a lot,’ he said, gesturing at the wall of books.“看来你读了很多书。”他指着那一墙的书说道。
He gestured vaguely towards the house. 他含混地指了指那座房子。
He gestured (to me) that it was time to go. 他示意（我）该走了。
He gestured abruptly for Virginia to get in the car. 他粗鲁地示意弗吉尼娅上车。
Tom gestured to the waiter. 汤姆招手示意服务生过去。
a rude gesture 粗野的手势 
a vague gesture 含糊的手势 
They communicated entirely by gesture. 他们完全用手势交流。
She made an expansive gesture with her arms. 她做了个大张双臂的动作。
She waved us away with an impatient gesture. 她不耐烦地挥手打发我们走开。
a gesture of sympathy 表示同情 
a gesture of goodwill 善意的表示 
It was a nice gesture to invite his wife too. 把他的妻子也请来是友好的表示。
The government has made a gesture towards public opinion. 政府已就民意表了态。
Words and empty gestures are not enough--we demand action! 讲空话和摆姿态是不够的——我们需要的是行动！

adj. 故意的、蓄意的:
adj.（动作或行为）慢而仔细的，如小心翼翼的、不慌不忙的、从容的:
vt.&vi.（通常在做重大决定之前）仔细考虑某事:
deliberate |[dɪˈlɪbərət]
a deliberate act of vandalism 故意毁坏的行为 
The speech was a deliberate attempt to embarrass the government. 这一发言故意使政府难堪。
It has a deliberate policy to introduce world art to Britain. 它在政策上有意识地将世界艺术介绍给英国。
Witnesses say the firing was deliberate and sustained. 目击者说枪击是蓄意而且持续的。         
She spoke in a slow and deliberate way. 她说话慢条斯理不慌不忙。
His movements were gentle and deliberate. 他举止文雅而从容。
stepping with deliberate slowness up the steep paths 小心翼翼地沿着陡峭的小路慢慢往上走
The jury deliberated for five days before finding him guilty. 陪审团认真讨论了五天才裁定他有罪。
They deliberated on whether to continue with the talks. 他们仔细考虑了是否继续谈判的问题。
She deliberated over the decision for a long time before she made up her mind. 她慎重考虑了好久才下定决心做出这一决定。

contribution [toward(s) sth/doing sth] 一部书、一本杂志、一个广播节目、一次讨论等的一部分:
contribution [toward(s) sth/doing sth] 促成引起某事物或促成增加某事物的一种行动或作用，即贡献、促成作用:
n. [C] 为一本书或一本杂志所撰写的“稿件”。 强调稿件的供应:
n. 1 [C] 向一个人或一家机构所捐赠的一笔钱（以资助某事），相当于donation:
2 [C] 你定期向你的雇主或政府所缴纳的一笔钱（以得到医疗保险、养老金等益处）:
3 [U] 为帮助一个人或一个组织机构，向其进行的捐赠（尤指钱款的捐赠）:
n. [C] 一部书、一本杂志等的一部分，如“稿件”:
contribution |[toward(s)sth/doingsth]一部书、一本杂志、一个广播节目、一次讨论等的一部分:[toward(s)sth/doingsth]促成引起某事物或促成增加某事物的一种行动或作用，即贡献、促成作用:[͵kɒntrɪ'bju:ʃn]
Each of these writers has made an individual contribution to the discussion. 这些作家在这场讨论中个个都发了言。
All contributions for the May issue must be received by Friday. 所有要在五月这一期发表的稿件必须在星期五以前寄到。
He made a very positive contribution to the success of the project. 他对项目的成功贡献良多。
The author acknowledges the contributions of scientist Charles Green. 作者对科学家查尔斯·格林的贡献表示感谢。
the car’s contribution to the greenhouse effect 汽车对加剧温室效应所起的作用 
Researchers have argued over the relative contributions of nature and nurture to the human personality. 遗传与后天培养对人性格的影响孰大孰小，研究者们看法不一。
All contributions for the May issue must be received by Friday. 所有要在五月这一期发表的稿件必须在星期五以前寄到。
to make a substantial contribution to charity 给慈善事业的一笔大额捐款 
All contributions will be gratefully received. 我们对所有捐资表示感谢。
We were asked to make a contribution towards the cost of the meal.（英）我们被要求为饭费出一点儿钱。
insurance, pension contribution 保险金的定期缴款；养老金的定期缴款 
Residents made a net contribution to public finances of $2.6 billion. 居民们对公共财政的净贡献额为26亿美元。
We rely entirely on voluntary contribution. 我们全靠自愿捐赠。
All contributions for the May issue must be received by Friday. 所有要在五月这一期发表的稿件必须在星期五以前寄到。

vt. [旧时，非正式] 用于表示惊讶:
vt. [正式] 称颂上帝，或赞美上帝:
vt. 求上帝保护…或求其赐予恩惠（以表示爱护、谢意或良好的祝愿）:
vt. 通过对某物说或祈祷而让该物变得神圣，即祝圣:
bless |[bles]
Bless my soul! Here comes Tom! 我的天哪！汤姆来了！
‘Where’s Tom?’ ‘I’m blessed if I know!’ “汤姆在哪儿？”“我要是知道才怪呢！”
We bless your holy name, O Lord. 主啊，我们颂扬您的圣名。
to bless the couple 求上帝祝福这对夫妇 
God bless you! 愿上帝保佑你！
The priest blessed the bread and wine. 神父祝圣了面包和葡萄酒。

n. 1 [C] 以侦查犯罪和逮捕罪犯为职业的人，即侦探，尤指警探:
2 [C] 受雇于人的私人侦探:
detective |[dɪ'tektɪv]
detectives from the anti-terrorist squad 反恐小队的侦探 
undercover detective 卧底侦探 
store detective 商店的保安 
police detective 警探 
amateur detective 业余侦探 
fictional detective 小说中虚构的侦探 
homicide detective（美）凶杀案侦探 
detectives investigating the case 调查此案的侦探 
detective agency 侦探社 
to do some detective work on this 就此事进行调查 
detective novel 侦探小说 
detective hero 侦探英雄 
She hired a private detective to follow her husband. 她雇了个私家侦探跟踪丈夫。

evident (in/from sth) 清楚的，容易被看到的，即显而易见的、显然的，相当于obvious:
evident |['evɪdənt]
adj. evident (to sb) (that ...) 
It was fairly evident from her tone of voice that she disapproved. 从她说话的语调看，她显然不同意。
It was evident to me that the mission would fail. 在我看来，这项任务明显会失败。
Their symptoms may be less evident to their caregivers. 在护工看来，他们的症状也许不那么明显。

vi. 放弃，远离（计划、生活方式等）；逃到一个更安静或更安全的地方，如隐退、逃避、躲避:
n. [C, usually sing., U] ~ (from/into sth) 隐退、逃避、躲避（到一个更安静或更安全的地方）:
vi. 离开、离去:
n. [C, usually sing., U] 从一地的离开:
vi.（因为处于危险之中或被打败而从一个地方）撤退，尤指军事撤退:
n. [C, usually sing., U] 从一地的撤退，尤指军事撤退:
n. [C, usually sing.]（由于批评或环境过于恶劣）改变决定，退缩:
vi.（由于批评或环境变得恶劣）改变主意，如退缩:
n. [C] 僻静处、隐居处:
n. [U, C] 某人的静修期间或静修活动（其停止日常活动，去一个安静的地方以祈祷或沉思）:
vi. 退去、后退:
vt. [金融] 跌价:
n. [U, C] 某人的宗教静修:
retreat |[rɪˈtri:t]
Bored with the conversation, she retreated to her bedroom. 她厌倦了这样的交谈，躲进了自己的卧室。
She retreated from the busy office to her own room. 她从繁忙的办公室中躲到了自己的屋子里。
He retreated into his own world. 他躲进了自己的世界中。
He retreated into a world of fantasy. 他遁入了幻想世界。
I believe people should live in houses that allow them to retreat from the harsh realities of life. 我认为人们所居住的房子应该能让他们远离残酷的现实生活。
From bouncing confidence she had retreated into self-pity. 她从信心百倍变得自怜自哀。
Is watching television a retreat from reality? 看电视是对现实的一种逃避吗？
her retreat into a fantasy world of her own 她躲进了自己的虚幻世界       
He watched her retreating figure. 他看着她的身影渐渐远去。
The young nurse pulled a face at the Matron's retreating figure. 看着护士长离去的身影，这个年轻的护士做了个鬼脸。
I heard her footsteps retreat down the hall. 我听见她沿走廊渐渐走远的脚步声。
I decided to beat a hasty retreat. 我决定赶紧离开。
I made a tactful retreat before they started arguing. 在他们开始争论前我巧妙地找机会离开了。
The army has been ordered to retreat. 军队已受命撤退。
The army was forced to retreat after suffering heavy losses. 部队因伤亡惨重被迫撤退。
The French, suddenly outnumbered, were forced to retreat. 人数突然处于劣势的法军被迫撤退。
They retreated before the Americans. 他们在美国人面前退却了。
Retreating soldiers were dousing homes and shops with petrol and setting them on fire. 撤退的士兵把汽油浇到住宅和商店上，并放火焚烧。
We retreated back down the mountain. 我们从山上撤了下来。
Hitler's retreat from Russia 希特勒从俄国的撤退 
The enemy was now in retreat. 敌人正在撤退。
The army was in full retreat (= retreating very quickly). 部队全线撤退。
On the eastern front the army was in full retreat. 东部前线的军队正在全面撤退。
We succeeded in cutting off the enemy's line of retreat. 我们成功地截断了敌人的撤退路线。
We covered his retreat with bursts of gunfire. 我们集中火力掩护他撤退。
to sound the retreat (= to give a loud signal for an army to move away) 发出撤退信号 
an ignominious retreat to the River Vistula 至维斯瓦河的不光彩撤退 
Eventually the police forced the crowd into retreat. 最后警察迫使人群向后撤退。
The Senator made an embarrassing retreat from his earlier position. 这位参议员很尴尬地改变了他早先的立场。
The government had retreated from its pledge to reduce class sizes. 政府已经改变了缩小班级规模的承诺。
He retreated in the face of strong opposition. 面对强烈的反对，他退却了。
idyllic retreat 田园式的隐居处 
They are staying here at their secret retreat from life in the city. 他们远离城市生活，一直住在隐蔽的静养处。
the perfect retreat for a romantic honeymoon 浪漫蜜月的完美胜地 
private, secret retreat 私人静养处；秘密静养处 
peaceful, quiet retreat 宁静的隐居处 
country, mountain, rural, wilderness（尤美）retreat 乡间隐居处；山区静养处；乡村隐居处；无人烟的静居地 
He spent yesterday hidden away in his country retreat. 他昨天躲在了他乡下的静养地。
summer, winter retreat 避暑胜地；避寒胜地 
holiday（英）, vacation（美）, weekend retreat 度假胜地；度周末的胜地 
Camp David, the presidential retreat in Maryland 总统在马里兰州的度假地戴维营 
She plans to use it as a winter retreat. 她打算把它当成冬季静养处。
a summer retreat for the rich 富人的避暑胜地
He went into retreat and tried to resolve the conflicts within himself. 他去静修并试图调节自己内心的矛盾冲突。
Buddhist, meditation, religious, spiritual, yoga, Zen retreat 佛教静修；冥想；宗教静修；精神上的静修；瑜伽静修；禅修 
I went on a ten-day silent retreat. 我去参加了为期十天的静修。
I went off on one of my annual retreats. 我外出去做一次年度静修 
business, corporate, executive, management retreat（均尤美）商业静修；公司静修；高级管理人员静修；管理人员静修 
A successful executive retreat can be a powerful tool for addressing changing business conditions. 成功的高级管理人员静修可以成为应对不断变化的商业环境的强有力工具。
women's, writers' retreat 女性静修；作家静修 
family retreat（尤美）家庭静修 
She goes on a spiritual retreat for two weeks every summer. 她每年夏天都去心灵静修两个星期。
He went into retreat at his country home to escape the attention of the media. 他回到乡下的家中躲清静，想避开媒体的关注。
The family held its first retreat last October. 这个家庭去年十月份第一次举行静修会。
Zen Mountain offers numerous wilderness retreats. 禅山有许多人迹罕至的静修之处。
Sandy retreated slowly, wary of what the man might do. 桑迪慢慢向后退，提防着这个人可能采取的行动。
'I've already got a job,' I said quickly, and retreated from the room. “我已经有了一份工作。”我马上说道，并从房间里退了出来。
He retreated behind the table. 他退到了桌子后面。
He retreated hastily back to his car. 他匆忙退回自己的车里。
The flood waters slowly retreated. 洪水慢慢地消退。
Share prices retreated 45p to 538p. 这种股票价格下跌45便士，降到了538便士。
Buddhist, meditation, religious, spiritual, yoga, Zen retreat 佛教静修；冥想；宗教静修；精神上的静修；瑜伽静修；禅修 

adj. ~ (for sth) 作为…的原因的:
~ (for doing sth) 有责任去做某事（或照看…）的（如果做错了会受责备）:
2 ~ (for sth) 应受责备的、需要对坏事负责:
3 ~ to sb/sth 对主管者或主管机构有汇报的责任的:
4（人或其行为举止）可信赖的、可靠的，即有责任心的:
5 [常用于名词前]（工作或职位）责任重大的；需要可靠的人负责的:
responsible |[rɪˈspɒnsəbl;美-ˈspɑ:n-]
Cigarette smoking is responsible for about 90% of deaths from lung cancer. 因患肺癌而死亡者，约90%是吸烟所致。
No single pathogen seems wholly responsible for the disease. 这个病似乎不完全是由某一个病原体引起的。
It's been one of the factors chiefly responsible for improved public health. 这是公共卫生得以改善的主要因素之一。
adj. 1 ~ (for sb/sth) 
Mike is responsible for designing the entire project. 迈克负责设计全部工程。
Even where parents no longer live together, they each continue to be responsible for their children. 即使父母不再共同生活，他们也要分别对子女负责。
the minister responsible for the environment 负责环境工作的部长 
The man responsible for finding the volunteers is Dr. Charles Weber. 负责寻找志愿者的人是查尔斯·韦伯博士。
I am making you responsible for the cooking. 我让你负责烹饪。
They're responsible for cleaning the engine. 他们负责清洗发动机。
I'm leaving you responsible for Juliet's protection. 我把保护朱丽叶的任务交给你了。
Thompson is directly responsible for all aspects of the business unit. 汤普森直接负责该业务部门的方方面面。
if you're solely responsible for your family's welfare 如果你家庭的幸福只是靠你一个人 
Members of the committee are collectively responsible for all decisions taken. 委员们对所作的一切决定集体负责。
Both parents are equally responsible for raising the children. 父母双方对于抚养孩子负有同等责任。
legally responsible 负法律责任 
the person nominally responsible for staff training 名义上负责职员培训的人 
The board is ultimately responsible for policy decisions. 最终由董事会负责决定采取什么政策。/
We are all equally responsible for its success. 我们大家都同样为其成功贡献了力量。
Who's responsible for this mess? 是谁弄得这么乱？
Everything will be done to bring those responsible to justice. 将竭尽全力把罪魁祸首绳之以法。
He is mentally ill and cannot be held responsible for his actions. 他有精神病，不能对自己的行为负责。
He still felt responsible for her death. 他仍然觉得自己对她的死负有责任。
I want you to do everything you can to find out who's responsible. 我希望你能尽一切可能找出责任人。
A man arrested in Madrid is believed to be responsible for the bombings. 一个在马德里被捕的人被认为是爆炸案嫌犯。
They held him responsible for the failure of the policy. 他们把政策的失败归咎于他。
He was almost single-handedly responsible for the flourishing drug trade in the town. 镇上猖獗的毒品交易几乎都是他一手造成的。
morally responsible 应负道德责任 
criminally responsible 应负刑事责任 
Who was responsible for the mistake? 谁应对这一错误负责？
The Council of Ministers is responsible to the Assembly. 内阁须向议会负责。
The prime minister is directly responsible to Parliament. 首相直接向议会负责。
I'm responsible to my board of directors. 我对董事会负责。
The government will be responsible to the President alone. 政府只对总统一人负责。
a complex web of party bodies ultimately responsible to the Central Committee 最终向中央委员会负责的复杂的政党机构 
Clare has a mature and responsible attitude to work. 克莱尔对待工作成熟而可信赖。
He's a very responsible sort of person. 他是个非常有责任心的人。
He feels that the media should be more responsible in what they report. 他觉得媒体应该对报道的内容更负责任些。
their efforts to make the industry more responsible and responsive to concerns 他们使该行业变得更有责任感且更积极回应人们所关心问题的努力 
The organization needs to become more environmentally responsible. 该组织应该加强环境意识。
ethically, morally, politically, socially responsible 有道德意识；有政治意识；有社会意识 
Resources must be allocated in a morally responsible way. 资源分配必须要对得起良心。
They are not very responsible with money. 他们花钱有些大手大脚。
In California you have to be 21 to be considered responsible enough to drink. 在加利福尼亚州，必须满21岁才能被认为可以饮酒。
I work in a government office. It's a responsible position, I suppose, but not very exciting. 我在政府机关工作。我想那是一个责任重大的职位，但并不是很有意思。
They have been demoted to less responsible jobs. 他们被降职去做不太重要的工作。

n. 1 [C, U]（使某人区别于他人的）特征、性格、感情、信仰:
identity (between A and B) 与…非常一致并能理解其的一种状态或感情，即同一性、一致、相同:
n. [C, U] 人或事物的身份、本身、本体。是此义的常规和专业用词，最为常用:
identity |[aɪ'dentɪtɪ]
class, corporate, brand, cultural, national, regional, social identity 阶级认同；公司形象识别；品牌形象；文化认同；民族认同；地域认同；社会认同 
racial identity 种族身份认同 
gender identity 性别认同 
a sense of identity 认同感 
a search for identity 寻找认同感 
an identity of interests 利益一致 
There’s a close identity between fans and their team. 球迷和他们的球队之间有密切的同一性。
the shared genetic identity of identical twins 同卵双胞胎共有的遗传一致性 
the stylistic identity between the first text and the others 第一个文本和其他文本之间风格上的相似
the identity of the killer 杀人凶手的身份 
a false identity 假身份 
stolen identity 盗用的身份 
dual identity 双重身份 
Shanghai itself has multiple identities. 上海本身就具有多重身份。
identity bracelet, identity tag 身份识别腕带；身份牌 
identity card, identity documents, identity papers 身份证；身份证明文件；身份证明文书 
The victim picked out her attacker in an identity parade.（英）受害人从指认队列中认出了袭击她的人。
identity theft 身份盗用 
identity verification 身份验证 
Scotland has never lost its identity as a separate nation. 苏格兰从未失去其独立民族的身份。

n. [U] statistics 可表示统计学:
statistics |[stə'tɪstɪks]
a course in statistics 一门统计学课程

vt. 欣赏（某人或某事物的好品质）。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
vt. 对某人所做的某事表示感激；欢迎某事（其宾语是事情）。相对正式:
vt. 理解、领会（真实的东西），相当于realize:
vi.（经过一段时间而）价值上升，即升值，增值，与depreciate相反:
vt. 意识到（真实的东西），相当于realize:
vt. 知道（真实的东西）:
appreciate |[ə'pri:ʃɪeɪt]
to appreciate literature 欣赏文学作品 
to appreciate music 欣赏音乐 
His talents are not fully appreciated in that company. 他的才干在那家公司未受到充分赏识。
Her family doesn’t appreciate her. 她的家人不重视她。
Teachers will especially appreciate the lists at the back of the book. 老师会特别关注书后面的列表。
We do really appreciate your help. 我们对您的帮助深表感谢。
Your support is greatly appreciated. 十分感谢您的支持。
I would appreciate it if you paid in cash. 假如您用现金付款的话，我会不胜感激。
We would appreciate you letting us know of any problems. 如有任何问题，请告诉我们。
I don’t appreciate being treated like a second-class citizen. 我不愿被人当作二等公民。
I fully appreciate your concern. We will do all in our power to help. 我完全能体会你的担心。我们将尽全力帮忙。
The problems should be easily appreciated. 这些问题应该很容易理解。
Their investments have appreciated over the years. 他们的投资这些年来已经增值。
What I failed to appreciate was the distance between the two cities. 我没有意识到这两座城市间的距离。
We didn’t fully appreciate that he was seriously ill. 我们没有充分认识到他的病情很严重。
It is generally appreciated that the rail network needs a complete overhaul. 众所周知，铁路网需要彻底检修。
I don’t think you appreciate how expensive it will be. 我想你不知道它会有多昂贵。

vt. 说冒犯人的话（或做冒犯人事），如侮辱:
n. [C] ~ (to sb/sth) 侮辱性的言语或行为:
insult |[ɪnˈsʌlt]
I have never been so insulted in my life! 我一生中从未被如此侮辱过！
She felt insulted by the low offer. 那么低的出价使她觉得受到了侮辱。
I did not mean to insult you. 我不是要故意侮辱你。
Buchanan said he was insulted by the judge's remarks. 布坎南说法官的那番话侮辱了他。
He was dismissed for publicly insulting prominent politicians. 他因当众辱骂政要而被辞退。
I felt deeply insulted that she hadn't asked me to the meeting. 她没请我参加会议，我感觉深受侮辱。
The crowd were shouting insults at the police. 人群大声辱骂着警察。
His comments were seen as an insult to the president. 他的评论被看成是对主席的冒犯。
The questions were an insult to our intelligence (= too easy). 那些问题（简单得）有辱我们的智慧。
Their behaviour was an insult to the people they represent. 他们的行为是对他们代表的人民的一种侮辱。
one of the worst insults you can throw at somebody 能够加诸他人的最恶毒的侮辱之一 
To call a woman a girl is the ultimate insult. 把一个女人叫作小妞是极端的侮辱。
I don't mean this as an insult, but I think the team would play better without you. 我不想羞辱你，不过我觉得球队如果没有你，表现会更好些。
I meant it as a bit of constructive advice, but he took it as a personal insult. 我的本意是提点儿建设性意见，但他却把这视为人身侮辱。
Foreigners have to suffer constant insults from the local population. 外国人不得不遭受当地人不断的侮辱。
The two groups of fans exchanged insults. 两帮粉丝互相谩骂。
Insults were flying back and forth. 双方你来我往，谩骂声不绝于耳。
It was an insult to his wife. 那是对他妻子的侮辱。
Then, to add insult to injury (= to make things worse), they told me I couldn't get on the flight. 更糟糕的是，他们随后又告诉我说我不能登机。

vt. 没给与足够的重视，如忽视、忽略:
vi. [正式] 没有（或忘记）去做本应该做的事，如疏忽、疏漏:
vt. 疏于照管、未予看管:
n. [U] ~ (of sth/sb) 疏于照管；未被重视:
neglect |[nɪˈglekt]
Dance has been neglected by television. 电视节目一向不重视舞蹈。
She has neglected her studies. 她忽视了自己的学习。
He'd given too much to his career, worked long hours, neglected her. 他为事业付出太多，长时间地工作，忽视了她。
If you are not careful, children tend to neglect their homework. 如果你不注意的话，孩子们往往会不重视他们的家庭作业。
These are subjects generally neglected by historians. 这些是历史学家通常会忽略的话题。
This sector is one of the major growth areas and we cannot afford to neglect it. 这一行业是主要的经济增长领域之一，我们不能忽视。
Local communities have been neglected in favour of private sector interests. 为了私营经济的利益而忽略了当地社区。
You neglected to mention the name of your previous employer. 你遗漏了你前雇主的名字。
We often neglect to make proper use of our bodies. 我们经常忘记该合理地使用我们的身体。
They never neglect their duties. 他们从未玩忽职守。
They conveniently neglected their responsibilities. 他们有意玩忽职守。
She denies neglecting her baby. 她不承认没有照看好她的孩子。
The woman denied that she had neglected her child. 那位女士否认疏于照管自己的孩子。
Feed plants and they grow, neglect them and they suffer. 人勤地生宝，人懒地长草。
The buildings had been neglected for years. 这些大楼多年来一直无人看管。
Medical neglect occurs when medical care is withheld. 拒绝提供医疗护理就是医疗不作为。
The maximum penalty for child neglect is ten years' imprisonment. 疏于照管孩子的最高刑罚为十年监禁。
children who are victims of deliberate parental neglect 被父母有意忽视的孩子 
The doctor was guilty of serious neglect of duty. 这个医生犯严重渎职罪。
the suffering of children through neglect 由于疏于照管带给孩子们的痛苦 
The law imposes penalties for the neglect of children. 法律对疏于照管儿童有处罚措施。
She had concentrated on her music to the neglect of her other studies. 她醉心于音乐，因而忽略了其他方面的学习。
benign 善意的忽视 
The eighteenth-century interior of the building has survived through benign neglect. 这座建筑十八世纪式的内部构造因受到宽待而得以保存。
The buildings are crumbling from years of neglect. 由于多年无人维修，这些建筑物行将倒塌。
The buildings suffered neglect for centuries. 这些房屋已经废弃几百年了。
The place smelled of decay and neglect. 这地方有一股污浊腐朽的气味。

for the most part; mainly:大部分；主要是
primarily |ˈprʌɪm(ə)rɪli| Adverb/:主要是,主要
around 80 per cent of personal computers are used primarily for word processing:大约80%的个人电脑主要用于文字处理

long (for sb) to do sth 渴望，尤指对看似不会很快发生的事怀有渴望之情:
adj. 1（时间）长的。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
2 用于询问或谈论某段时间有…久的:
3 似乎比实际时间长的（例如由于忙碌或不愉快而觉得时间长的）:
adv. 1（时间上）长期地，长久地:
2（在某一时间或事件之前或之后）很久地:
3 用于名词后，以强调某事发生在某整段时间:
adj.（衣服）长的，即完全或大部分覆盖腿或臂的:
adj.（演讲、电影等）长的:
adj. 1（空间距离）长的:
2 用于询问或谈论空间长度或距离，即有…长的:
adj. 记性好的（能记起以往很长时间的事）:
adj.（图书、清单等的篇幅）长的:
adj.（元音）长音的:
long |[lɒŋ]
vi. long for sb/sth 
Lucy had always longed for a brother. 露西一直渴望有个弟弟。
He longed for Pat to phone. 他期盼着帕特来电话。
I’m longing to see you again. 我渴望再次见到你。
Steve longed for the good old days. 史蒂夫怀念过去的好时光。
He longed desperately to be back at home. 他非常渴望回家。
He’s been ill (for) a long time. 他生病很久了。
a long holiday 一次长假 
How long is the course? 这门课程开多久？
I think it’s only three weeks long. 我想只有三个星期长。
I’m tired. It’s been a long day. 我累了。这一天可真够长的。
We were married for ten long years. 我们结婚有十年之久了。
Stay as long as you like. 你愿意待多久就待多久。
How long have you been waiting? 你等了多久了？
He retired long before the war. 他在战争之前很早就退役了。
It wasn’t long before she had persuaded him. 她没用多久就把他说服了。
We’ll be home before long. 我们很快就要到家了。
I had to wait all day long. 我不得不整天等候着。
I stayed up the whole night long. 我彻夜未眠。
a long skirt 长裙 
a long-sleeved shirt 长袖衬衫 
a long speech 一场长时间的演讲 
a long film 一部放映时间长的电影
She had long dark hair. 她留着长长的黑发。
a long table一张长桌子 
The long journey tired him. 漫长的旅程使他疲倦。
How long is the River Nile? 尼罗河有多长？
The table is six feet long. 那张桌子长六英尺。
Tom has a long memory. 汤姆的记性很好。
a long book 一部篇幅长的书 
a long list 一份很长的清单 
The report is only three pages long. 这份报告仅有三页。

vt. [正式] ~ your head 点头（尤指点头以示同意、欢迎等）:
vt.&vi. [正式] ~ (sth) (to/towards sth)（使）倾斜:
n. [C] [正式] 斜坡、倾斜、斜度:
vt.&vi. [正式] ~ (sb) to/towards sth（使）（在思想或行为上）倾向于…:
incline |[ɪnˈklaɪn]
Jack inclined his head very slightly. 杰克轻轻点了点头。
Luke inclined his head slightly in acknowledgement. 卢克微微点头表示认可。
The land inclined gently towards the shore. 地面缓缓向海岸倾斜。
slight incline 缓坡 
He came to a halt at the edge of a steep incline. 他在一个陡坡边上停住了。    
I incline to the view that we should take no action at this stage. 我倾向于认为我们在这个阶段不应采取行动。
I incline to the view that he is right. 我倾向于认为他是正确的。
the factors which incline us towards particular beliefs 使我们倾向于相信某些特定信仰的因素 
The government is more effective than we incline to think. 政府的效率比我们所惯常以为的要高。
Lack of money inclines many young people towards crime. 缺钱使很多年轻人产生了犯罪倾向。
His obvious sincerity inclined me to trust him. 他满脸的真诚，让我愿意相信他。

n. [usually pl.] 资产:
n. [C] ~ (to sb/sth) 对于…来说有价值或有用的一个人或事物:
asset |[ˈæset]
Her assets include shares in the company and a house in France. 她的财产包括公司的股份和在法国的一座房子。
By the end of 1989 the group had assets of 3.5 billion francs. 到1989年底该集团拥有的资产达35亿法郎。
The company's net assets are worth millions. 这家公司的净资产价值几百万。
business, company, corporate asset 公司资产 
commercial, financial asset 商业资产；金融资产 
current, liquid, disposable asset 流动资产；可支配资产 
capital, fixed, fund, non-cash（尤英）, non-monetary, physical, property asset 资本资产；固定资产；资金资产；非现金资产；非货币资产；有形资产；不动产 
tangible, intangible asset 有形资产；无形资产 
They have hidden assets in banks around the world. 他们在世界各地的银行都有隐蔽资产。
overseas asset 海外资产 
personal asset 个人资产 
national, public, state asset 国有资产；公共财产；国家资产 
He transferred all his assets into his wife's name. 他把所有资产都转移到了妻子的名下。
to dispose asset 处理资产 
The courts can order a company's assets to be frozen. 法庭可以下令冻结公司的资产。
to seize asset 没收资产 
asset price, asset value 资产价格；资产价值 
asset management 资产管理 
asset sale 资产出售 
assets and liabilities 资产和负债
She'll be an asset to the team. 她将是这个队的骨干。
In his job, patience is an invaluable asset. 他干的这份工作，耐心是无价之宝。
Her leadership qualities were the greatest asset of the Conservative Party. 她的领导才能是保守党最宝贵的财富。
His Republican credentials made him an asset. 他作为共和党人的资历成了他的一笔财富。
The teachers are the school's biggest asset. 教师是学校最宝贵的资产。
The country's cultural assets should be made more accessible. 国家的文化资产应该更多地让大众接触到。
Scotland's mountain areas are a natural asset to be proud of. 山区是苏格兰引以为傲的天然财富。
A healthy smile is a natural asset to your appearance. 对于一个人的外貌来说，健康的笑容是一笔天然的财富。
She will be an asset to any school she attends. 她上哪所学校，都会是个难得的好苗子。           

catch up with and pass while travelling in the same direction:在同一个方向行驶时追上并通过
become greater or more successful than:变得更大或更成功
(especially of misfortune) come suddenly or unexpectedly upon:（尤指不幸的）突如其来
(of a feeling) affect (someone) suddenly and powerfully:(一种感觉的)突然而有力地影响(某人)
overtake |ˌəʊvəˈteɪk| Verb/:超过,超车,反超
her car overtook a line of vehicles:她的车超过了一排车辆
Germany rapidly overtook Britain in industrial output:德国工业产值迅速超过英国
disaster overtook the town in 1296:disaster在1296年占领了该镇
weariness overtook him and he retired to bed:weariness超过了他，他退到床上

n. [C] extension (of sth) 对某事所允许的一段额外的时间，即延长期，放宽的期限:
n. [U, C] extension (of sth) 扩大某事物所影响的活动领域（或扩大其所影响的人群等）:
n. [U, C] 深入论证；情况的延续:
n. [C] [英]（当电器上的电线不够长时所接上的一段）额外的电线，即电线的延长线，相当于extension lead:
n. [U, C] 空间的延长:
n. [C] 构成文件名的扩展名（位于点符号后面，为连用的三个字母，表明文件类型，如.doc中的doc，或.txt中的txt）:
n. [C] 缩写为ext. 指电话分机线；电话分机号码:
n. [C]（大学中为非全日制学生开设的）进修部:
n. [C]（大学中为非全日制学生开设的）进修课程:
n. 1 [C] [英] [美用addition] extension (to sth) 一个住宅上新增加的一个或一些房间:
2 [C] 一栋建筑物的一个新增加的部分（即扩建部分）:
extension |[ɪk'stenʃn]
a visa extension 延长签证 
The pub had an extension on Christmas Eve.（英）这家酒吧已获准在圣诞夜延长营业时间。
She got an extension for writing her essay. 她获准延期完成论文。
The player has signed a five-year contract extension. 该运动员已续签了五年的合同。
the extension of new technology into developing countries 新技术向发展中国家的传播 
a gradual extension of the powers of central government 中央政府权力的逐渐扩大 
The bank plans various extensions to its credit facilities. 银行计划多方扩展信贷服务。
This new job is a further extension of his role as a manager. 这一新工作是他经理职权的进一步扩展。
Hair extensions make your hair look longer. 接发可以让头发看上去长些。
brand extension（商业用语）品牌延伸
The team appraisal is a logical extension of the individual appraisal interview. 团队评估是个人评估面试的合理延伸。
The blame lies with the teacher and, by extension, with the politicians. 过失在于老师，进一步说，在于政客。
The extension of the subway will take several months. 扩建地铁需用几个月时间。
extensions to the original railway track 原有铁路线的若干延伸路线 
hair extensions 接发
We have an extension in the bedroom. 我们的卧室里有一个分机。
What’s your extension number? 你的分机号码是多少？
Can I have extension 4332 please? 请接4332号分机。
La Salle Extension University 拉萨尔大学进修部
extension courses 大学进修课程
home, kitchen extension 住宅延伸部分；厨房延伸部分 
They’re building an extension to their house. 他们正在扩建自家的房屋。
a planned two-storey extension to the hospital 计划在医院扩建一个两层的楼

n. [C] 主要指交通工具的发动机或引擎:
n. [C] 牵引火车的火车头，即机车:
engine |['endӡɪn]
four-cylinder engine 四缸发动机 
a 580-horsepower engine 一台580马力的发动机 
diesel engine 柴油发动机 
internal-combustion engine 内燃发动机 
aircraft, rocket engine 飞机发动机；火箭发动机 
car engine 汽车发动机 
engine power, engine speed 发动机功率；发动机转速 
engine component, engine part 发动机零部件 
engine plant 发动机厂 
a steam engine 蒸汽机车 
diesel, electric, steam engine 柴油机车；电力机车；蒸汽机车 
railroad（美）, railway（英）engine 铁路机车 
engine driver（尤英）机车司机

vt. 使突出、使更明显:
vt.（说话时）重读、强调（一个词或短语），即加强…的语气:
vt. 对某事赋予特殊的重要性，即强调、重视、着重:
emphasize |[ˈemfəsaɪz]
She swept her hair back from her face to emphasize her high cheekbones. 她把头发朝脸后拢，使高高的颧骨显得更为突出。
All the arguments serve to emphasize the controversy surrounding this disease. 所有争论突出了有关这种疾病的争议。           
His speech emphasized the importance of attracting industry to the town. 他的发言强调了吸引工业到城镇的重要性。
She emphasized that their plan would mean sacrifices and hard work. 她强调说他们的计划将意味着牺牲和辛勤工作。
He emphasized how little was known about the disease. 他着重指出对这种疾病所知甚少。
It should be emphasized that this is only one possible explanation. 应该强调的是，这只是一种可能的解释。
But it's also been emphasized that no major policy changes can be expected to come out of the meeting. 但是也已经强调过，此次会议预计不会带来重大政策转变。
Discuss pollution with your child, emphasizing how nice a clean street, lawn, or park looks. 和孩子讨论污染问题，强调清洁的街道、草地或公园有多么美丽。
The new law rightly emphasizes parental responsibility. 新法律合理地强调了父母的责任。
I must emphasize that this is only a summary, and the full report will not be available until next week. 我必须强调这只是个摘要，完整报告下个星期可出来。
It is important to emphasize this point. 强调这一点是很重要的。
I have been at pains to emphasize the positive aspects of discipline. 我极力强调了纪律的积极作用。

adj.（人或感情）真诚的、诚实的、可信赖的:
adj. 真的、名副其实的:
genuine |[ˈdʒenjuɪn]
a very genuine person 非常诚实可信的人 
I'm convinced she is absolutely genuine. 我确信她绝对是真诚的。
His offer sounded genuine enough. 他的建议听起来够诚恳。
He made a genuine attempt to improve conditions. 他真心实意地努力改善环境。
genuine concern for others 对他人真诚的关心 
There was genuine joy in this room. 房间里洋溢着发自内心的快乐。
If this offer is genuine I will gladly accept it. 如果这份帮助是诚心的，我欣然接受。
Is the painting a genuine Picasso? 这幅画是毕加索的真迹吗？
Fake designer watches are sold at a fraction of the price of the genuine article. 伪造的设计师名牌手表以真品若干分之一的价格出售。
Only genuine refugees can apply for asylum. 只有真正的难民才能申请政治避难。
genuine leather 真皮 
The document is not considered genuine. 这份文件被认为是伪造的。
Her happiness was perfectly genuine. 她确实很快乐。

n. [C, U] 强烈的魅力或吸引力；令人着迷的事物:
n. [U, sing.] ~ (for/with sb/sth) 对某人或某事物的入迷、着迷:
fascination |[ˌfæsɪˈneɪʃn]
Water holds a fascination for most children. 水对多数孩子都有极大的吸引力。
The fascination of the game lies in trying to guess what your opponent is thinking. 这个游戏的魅力就在于要努力去猜对手在想什么。
a series focusing on the fascinations of the British Museum 主要讲述大英博物馆魅力的系列节目 
These exotic plants exert a fascination all of their own. 这些异域植物散发出一种特有的魅力。
Seeing over a thousand species of fish is part of the fascination of the reef. 在礁石上可以看到上千种鱼是礁石的部分魅力所在。
His letters have been a source of fascination to a wide audience. 他的信件对广大观众一直有极大的吸引力。
I've had a lifelong fascination with the sea and with small boats. 我一生都对大海和小船着迷。
a life-long fascination with music 一生对音乐的迷恋 
the public's enduring fascination with the Royal Family 公众对王室的经久不衰的兴趣 
The girls listened in fascination as the story unfolded. 故事情节逐渐展开，小女孩都入迷地听着。
These two artists share a certain fascination with the female body. 这两位画家都对女性的身体有一种迷恋。
our current fascination with nationalism 我们目前对民族主义的迷恋 
I watched in horrified fascination. 我又着迷又惊恐地观看着。
a morbid fascination with death 对死亡的一种病态的迷恋 
the public fascination with crime公众对罪案的着迷 
The sea holds a fascination for all children.所有的孩子都对大海着迷。
He had a deep fascination with all types of train. 他对各种火车都很着迷。
She shared his fascination for motorcycles. 她和他都对摩托车着迷。
She watched in fascination as the cat pounced on the mouse. 猫猛扑向老鼠，她看得入了迷。He looked on in horrified fascination as the ship drew nearer to the rocks. 他又着迷又惊恐地看着轮船离岩石越来越近。
She developed a fascination for these creatures. 她对这些动物着了迷。
He found great fascination in her quiet, frank manner. 他迷恋她娴静、坦率的举止。          

a small house at the gates of a park or in the grounds of a large house, occupied by a gatekeeper, gardener, or other employee.:公园门口或大房子场地内的小房子，由看门人、园丁或其他雇员占据。
a small country house occupied in season for sports such as hunting, shooting, or skiing:一个小型乡间别墅，适合打猎、射击或滑雪等运动
a large house or hotel:一个大房子或酒店
a porter's quarters at the main entrance of a college or other large building.:大学或其他大型建筑正门的搬运工宿舍。
the residence of a head of a college, especially at Cambridge:大学校长的住所，尤其是在剑桥
a North American Indian tent or wigwam.:一个北美印第安人的帐篷或棚屋。
a beaver's den.:海狸窝。
a branch or meeting place of an organization such as the Freemasons:共济会等组织的分支机构或聚会场所
present (a complaint, appeal, claim, etc.) formally to the proper authorities:向有关当局正式提出（投诉、上诉、索赔等）
leave money or a valuable item in (a place) or with (someone) for safekeeping:
make or become firmly fixed or embedded in a place:makeor牢固地固定或嵌入一个地方
rent accommodation in another person's house:租住别人家
provide (someone) with accommodation in return for payment:提供（某人）住宿以换取付款
(of wind or rain) flatten (a standing crop):(风或雨的)压平(站立的庄稼)
lodge |lɒdʒ| Noun/Verb/:小屋,洛奇
a hunting lodge:一个狩猎小屋
Cumberland Lodge:坎伯兰旅馆
he dined at the Master's Lodge:他在Master'sLodge用餐
he has 28 days in which to lodge an appeal:he有28天的时间提出上诉
the money is lodged in a bank:钱存入银行
the man who lodged in the room next door:住在隔壁房间的人
she was lodged in the same hall:她住在同一个大厅
