struggle					斗争，奋斗，艰难的做
prohibitively				使人望而却步的
military					军事的
consequently				因此
suffer					遭受，忍受
visible					看得见的，明显的
swift						迅速的，速度飞快的，雨燕
battle					战斗，斗争
liability					不利条件，负债，责任
resistant					抵抗...的
rustresistant				防锈的
nutritious					有营养的
constantly					不断的，始终的，忠诚的
familiar					熟悉的，常遇到的，放肆的
terribly					非常，糟糕的，很厉害的
restore					修复，使...复职，使...复元
refine					提炼，改进，使...优雅
inspire					鼓舞，使产生，激起
comply					服从，遵守
justice					公正，司法，法官
district					区域
installation				安装，就职，装备，设施
marvelous					令人惊奇的，极好的
provoke					激怒
lobby						大堂，游说
interview					面试，面谈
release					释放，免除...的责任，打开，放开，发射
explore					勘查，探索
profound					巨大的，强烈的，极度的，深奥的
exploit					英雄业绩，开发，剥削
startup					初创公司
\\\\\\\\

vi. struggle (with sb) (for sth)（尤指为得到某东西而）与某人竞争或争辩:
vi. 1 struggle (for sth) 在艰难（或存在很多问题）之时努力去做某事，即奋斗，努力:
2 艰难地向某处行进，或艰难地做某事:
3 struggle (against/with sb/sth)（为防止一种糟糕的境地或结果而）与…抗争或斗争:
struggle (between A and B)为获得某东西或实现某个目标（尤指其他人不想让你拥有的东西或不想让你达成的目标）而进行的艰苦的斗争、奋斗或努力:
vi. struggle (with sb) (for sth)（尤指为得到某东西而）与某人争辩:
vi. struggle (with sb) 与某人打斗，或从这些人中挣扎脱身:
n. [C] 两个人或两群人之间所进行的打斗（尤指其中一方试图逃脱、或从另一方得到某东西）:
n. [sing.] struggle (to do sth) 难做或难以实现的事情，即难事，相当于effort:
struggle |['strʌɡl]
rival leaders struggling for power 互相对立的领导人争夺权力
a country struggling for independence 为独立而奋斗的国家 
I struggled up the hill with the heavy bags. 我背着几个沉重的包吃力地爬上山去。
He struggled for breath. 他艰难地喘着气。
The small boat struggled against the waves. 小船在波涛中艰难行进。
She struggled on despite the pain. 尽管疼痛难忍，她依然竭力坚持着。
He was really struggling in geometry. 几何他确实学得很吃力。
I was unemployed and struggling financially. 我失业了，经济上捉襟见肘。
He struggled against cancer for two years. 他同癌症抗争了两年。
Lisa struggled with her conscience before talking to the police. 莉萨经过一番良心上的斗争，终于对警方说了。
struggle (with sb) (to do sth) 
a struggle for independence 争取独立的斗争 
armed struggle 武装斗争 
class struggle 阶级斗争 
economic, political, power struggle 经济斗争；政治斗争；权力之争 
the inner struggles of this complicated woman 这个复杂女性的内心斗争 
the struggle between good and evil 善恶之争 
a struggle over the property 财产之争 
She will not give up her children without a struggle. 她不会轻易放弃自己的孩子。
the daily struggle for survival 为生存而进行的日复一日的奋斗 
species engaged in a life-or-death struggle with the environment 与环境进行生死斗争的物种
Tom and Jerry struggled together on the grass. 汤姆和杰瑞在草地上扭打起来。
I struggled and screamed for help. 我挣扎着，高声呼救。
How did she manage to struggle free? 她是如何设法逃脱的？
life-and-death struggle 生死之战 
She won’t give up without a struggle. 她不会束手就擒。
He was involved in a struggle with the police. 他卷入了一场与警察的打斗。
There was no sign of a struggle by the murder victim. 谋杀案的受害人没有挣扎过的迹象。
It was a real struggle to be ready on time. 要按时做好准备确非易事。
It will be an uphill struggle to maintain exports at the current level. 保持现有的出口水平将需要付出艰苦的努力。
We had a real struggle to get everything into the suitcase. 我们费了好大的劲儿，才把所有东西塞进手提箱里。

used to emphasize a cost that is so high as to prevent something being done or bought:用于强调成本太高以致于阻止某事被完成或购买
in a way that forbids or prevents something:以禁止或阻止某事的方式
prohibitively |prə(ʊ)ˈhɪbɪtɪvli| Adverb/:令人望而却步,禁止的
most of the products are priced prohibitively:大部分产品定价过高
she mouthed 'no' and waved her hands prohibitively:她说“不”，并禁止地挥手

adj. 1 [常用于名词前] 军事的、军队的、军用的:
2（组织性和纪律性）军人作风的、军人般的:
adj. 陆军的:
n. [sing.] the military 指军队、军方、军人（表军人时尤指高级军官）:
military |[ˈmɪlətri;美-teri]
military training, military intelligence 军事训练；军事情报 
military coup 军事政变 
military uniform 军服 
We may have to take military action. 我们可能不得不采取军事行动。
The president is sending in almost 20,000 military personnel to help with the relief efforts. 总统将派出近2万名军事人员协助救灾工作。
Your working day will need to be organized with military precision. 需要对你的工作日进行精确有序的安排。
He has a military bearing, never failing to carry himself erect. 他有一种军人的风姿，身板总是挺得笔直。
The attack has caused severe damage to American naval and military forces. 这次攻击给美国的海军和陆军都造成了重创。
The country has twice been occupied by foreign military. 该国曾两度被外国军队占领。
all-volunteer, volunteer, professional, regular military 志愿军；职业化军队；正规军队 
powerful, strong military 强大的军队 
large military 大规模的军队 
modern military 现代军队 
uniformed military 现役正规军 
active, active-duty military 现役军队 
Did you serve in the military? 你当过兵吗？
I wasn't surprised to learn that he'd served in the military. 得知他在军队中服过役，我并不感到意外。
He joined the military and served in the war. 他参了军，上了战场。
He left the military in 1993 and became a security gard. 他1993年退役，成了一名保安。
The government called in the military to deal with the riots. 政府调来军队镇压暴乱。
The country maintains a strong military purely for defence/defense. 该国保有一支强大的纯防御性军队。
efforts to transform the military into a 21st-century fighting force 把军队转型为21世纪作战力量的努力 
reports of growing discontent among the military 有关军中不满情绪日益强烈的报告 
a member of the military 军中的一员 
The bombing has been far more widespread than the military will admit. 轰炸的范围远远大于军方愿意承认的范围。

adv. 因此，所以:
consequently |[ˈkɒnsɪkwəntli;美ˈkɑ:nsəkwentli]
This poses a threat to agriculture and the food chain, and consequently to human health. 这会对农业和食物链造成威胁，由此而危及人的健康。
He had sustained a broken back while working in the mines. Consequently, he spent the rest of his life in a wheelchair. 他在矿井里工作时被压断了脊骨，结果，下半辈子都与轮椅为伴了。
Relations between the two companies had, consequently, never been close. 因此，两家公司之间的关系一直都不太亲密。

vt. 经历令人不悦的事情，如受伤、失败或损失，可称为遭受，蒙受等:
suffer (for sth)（因痛苦、悲伤、匮乏等而）受苦、受难。是此义的常规用词，极为常用:
suffer (for sth)（因疾病而）受苦:
vi. 变得更坏或更糟:
suffer |['sʌfə]
He suffered a massive heart attack. 他的心脏病发作很严重。
The party suffered a humiliating defeat in the general election. 该党在大选中惨败。
The company suffered huge losses. 公司出现巨额亏损。
vi. suffer (from sth) 
road accident victims suffering from shock 在交通事故中受到惊吓的受害者 
Many companies are suffering from a shortage of skilled staff. 许多公司苦于缺乏熟练员工。
He made a rash decision and now he is suffering for it. 他当初草率决定，现在吃苦头了。
This area suffered very badly in the storms. 该地区在暴风雨中损失惨重。
economically suffer 经济上遭受损失 
emotionally, mentally suffer 感情上遭受痛苦；精神上遭受痛苦 
to suffer in silence 默默忍受
vi. suffer (from sth) 
He suffers from asthma. 他患有哮喘。
to suffers terribly with migraines 患有严重的偏头痛 
I played tennis yesterday and I know I shall suffer for it today. 因为昨天打了网球，我知道今天要受罪了。
I hate to see animals suffering. 我不忍心看动物受苦。
His school work is suffering because of family problems. 由于家庭问题，他的学业日渐退步。

adj. 容易被看见的:
adj. 明显的，能被注意到的:
adj.（商品、资产等）有形的:
visible |[ˈvɪzəbl]
The house is clearly visible from the beach. 从海滩可以清楚地看到那所房子。
We cut the trees down to make the lake visible from the house. 我们把树砍倒，这样在屋里就能看见湖了。
The mountains were just visible, dusky and black. 黑黝黝的群山朦胧可辨。
The flat boats were barely visible. 扁平的小船几乎看不见。
The sea was now out, leaving the wreck fully visible. 现在潮退了，沉船完全露了出来。
The warning lights were clearly visible. 警示信号灯清晰可见。
The election poster was clearly visible from the street. 选举海报在街头颇为醒目。
She stood, half visible in the dim light. 她站在那里，在昏暗的光线下朦胧可辨。
A figure was dimly visible in the evening gloom. 沉沉的暮色里一个身影隐约可见。
He was immediately visible to me. 我一眼就能看见他。
Its contents were visible to all of them. 里面的东西他们全都看得见。
a bacterium visible to the human eye 一种肉眼可见的细菌 
Most stars are not visible to the naked eye. 大多数星星肉眼看不见。
The scars remained visible all her life. 这些伤疤伴随了她一生。            
He showed no visible sign of emotion. 他丝毫不露声色。
She made a visible effort to control her anger. 看得出她竭力控制自己不发火。
His relief was all too visible. 他显然如释重负。
her quite visible embarrassment 她的十分明显的尴尬 
a visible police presence 明显有警察在场 
visible benefits 显而易见的实惠 
The most visible sign of the intensity of the crisis is unemployment. 预示危机严重程度的一个最显著的迹象就是失业情况。
Italy has a highly visible environmental movement. 意大利展开了声势浩大的环保运动。
In the UK visible imports have traditionally been greater than visible exports. 英国，传统上有形产品的进口一直大于出口。

adj. 1 swift (to do sth) 发生或完成得快的，瞬间发生或完成的；（做起某事来）快的。此时与quick有交集，但不如quick常用:
2 移动得非常快的；能够移动得非常快的。此时不如fast常用:
n. [C] 与燕子相似的一种小鸟，可称为雨燕:
swift |[swɪft]
swift action, swift decision 迅速的行动；迅即做出的决定 
He was swift to deny the rumours. 他立刻对这些传言予以否认。
He made a remarkably swift recovery. 他康复得相当快。
swift current, swift runner 湍急的水流；跑得飞快的人

vt.＆vi. battle (with/against sb/sth) 努力去做成困难的事，或与坏事或危险的事作斗争:
n. 1 [C] battle (with sb) (for sth) 不同的人或团体之间为赢得权力或控制权所进行的竞争、争论、争斗、较量:
2 [C] battle (against/for sth) 常用单数，指某人为解决一个难题或在一种艰难处境中获得成功所做出的一种坚决的努力，即奋斗，斗争:
n. [C] 争论:
n. [C, U]（尤指战争期间的）军事战斗，是“战斗”的常规用词。如果一场battle在原文中是战争双方主力所进行的一定范围内的一场决战，此时汉语中也可翻译为“会战”。但要注意，不要轻易将其翻译为“战役”，因为汉语中的“战役”一词，实际上包含了一系列相互关联的战斗:
n. [C, U] 群体间的暴力搏斗:
battle |['bætl]
The child battled bravely for her life. 这个小女孩为了活下去而勇敢地抗争。
He battled with cancer for many months. 他与癌症斗争了好多个月。
Doctors battled in vain to save his life. 医生们奋力挽救他的生命，但没有成功。
factions battling for control of the party 为争夺党的控制权而进行斗争的派别 
We battled through the snowstorm. 我们在暴风雪中挣扎。
He battled his way to the bar. 他费力地走向吧台。
Competitors battled it out against the clock. 参赛选手为了夺取胜利而争分夺秒。
a heated battle between the oil industry and environmentalists 石油行业和环保主义者之间的激烈斗争 
There’s now a real battle at the top of the First Division. 现在甲级队前几名之间要有一番龙争虎斗。
political battle 政治较量 
custody, legal battle 监护权之争；法律斗争 
a battle of ideas, a battle of words 思想交锋；舌战 
a battle of wills, a battle of wits 意志的较量；智慧的较量 
her long battle against cancer 她同癌症的长期斗争 
to fight an uphill battle against prejudice 同偏见作艰苦斗争 
a battle for survival 一场生死斗 
My parents believed in leaving me to fight my own battles. 我父母认为应该让我自己去打拼。
a battle of ideas, a battle of words 思想交锋；舌战 
bloody battle 血战 
fierce battle 激战 
to fight a pitched battle on a plain 在平原上展开激战 
climactic battle 高潮之战 
land, naval, sea battle 陆战；海战 
the coming battle 即将到来的战斗 
to be sent into battle 被送上战场 
the Battle of Waterloo 滑铁卢战役 
He died in battle. 他在战斗中阵亡了。
gun battle 枪战 
turf battle（尤美）地盘之争 
Scores of people have been hurt in running battles with police. 很多人在与警方的持续冲突中受伤。

~ (to do sth)（法律上对某事物的）责任，义务:
n. [C, usually pl.] 一个人或一家公司所欠的债务，即负债:
n. [C, usually sing.] [非正式] 惹麻烦的人（或事）:
liability |[ˌlaɪəˈbɪləti]
full liability 完全责任 
legal liability 法律责任 
criminal liability 刑事责任 
They have no legal liability for damage to customers' possessions. 他们对客户的财物损失不负有任何法律责任 
The company cannot accept liability for any damage caused by natural disasters. 该公司对自然灾害造成的任何损失概不承担责任。
They have denied liability for the accident. 他们否认对事故负有责任。
The company had assets of $138 million and liabilities of $120.5 million. 该公司资产为1.38亿美元，负债为1.205亿美元。
The company has liabilities to its employees. 这家公司欠员工的债。
substantial liabilities 大量债务 
financial, tax liabilities 财物负债；税务负债 
He wants to know the precise amount of the liabilities he is taking over. 他想知道自己将要承担的债务的确切数字。
There is enough money to cover existing liabilities. 有足够的钱偿还现有债务。
Since his injury, Jones has become more of a liability than an asset to the team. 琼斯负伤以来，与其说他是全队的骨干倒不如说他已成为队里的累赘。
As the president's prestige continues to fall, they're clearly beginning to consider him a liability. 随着总统的声望持续下跌，他们显然开始视他为负累。
What was once a vote catching policy, is now a political liability. 这一曾经吸引选票的政策，如今成了政治上的负累。

adj. ~ (to sth) 抵制或阻止某事的:
adj. 1 ~ (to sth) 对…有抵抗力的:
2 -resistant 用于构成形容词，指抗…的、耐…的:
resistant |[rɪˈzɪstənt]
Elderly people are not always resistant to change. 上了年纪的人并不总是抵制变革。
Some people are very resistant to the idea of exercise. 有些人十分反对锻炼。
plants that are resistant to disease 抗病植株 
The body may be less resistant if it is cold. 天冷时，身体的抵抗力会下降。
a metal that is highly resistant to corrosion 极耐腐蚀的金属 
disease-resistant plants 抗病植株 
fire-resistant materials 耐火材料


rustresistant | 防锈,不生锈

adj. [褒]（食物）营养丰富的:
nutritious |[njuˈtrɪʃəs;美nu-]
tasty and nutritious meals 既可口又有营养的饭菜 
It is always important to choose enjoyable, nutritious foods. 选择好吃的、营养价值高的食物总是很重要。
Some ready made meals are nutritious and very easy to prepare. 一些预制膳食很有营养，而且烹调起来很简单。
Adapt your usual eating regime to make it more nutritious. 调整你的日常饮食习惯，使之更富有营养。

continuously over a period of time, always:continuously在一段时间内，总是
constantly |ˈkɒnst(ə)ntli| Adverb/:不断地,不断
the world is constantly changing:世界在不断变化

adj. 1 familiar (to sb)（对自己来说）熟悉的；常被看到或听到因而容易辨认的:
2 familiar with sth 非常熟悉某事物，如通晓:
adj. familiar (with sb)（人的行为）非常不正式的（有时令人不悦），即随便的:
familiar |[fə'mɪljə]
He’s a familiar figure in the neighbourhood. 他在这个地区是大家熟悉的人物。
The smell is very familiar to everyone who lives near a bakery. 住在面包店附近的人都很熟悉这种气味。
Something about her voice was vaguely familiar. 她的声音有点耳熟。
Violent attacks are becoming all too familiar. 暴力攻击竟变成了司空见惯的现象。
The place felt faintly familiar to me. 这个地方我隐约觉得有点儿熟悉。
His face looked awfully familiar. 他这张脸看上去非常眼熟。
The name sounded vaguely familiar to her. 这个名字她听上去似曾相识。
an area with which I had been familiar since childhood 我自幼就了若指掌的一个地区 
Are you familiar with the computer software they use? 你熟悉他们使用的计算机软件吗？
You will need to be thoroughly familiar with our procedures. 你需要彻底了解我们的流程。
I’m not overly familiar with these issues. 我对这些问题不太熟悉。
You seem to be on very familiar terms with your tutor. 你似乎和你的导师之间很随便。
After a few drinks her boss started getting too familiar for her liking. 老板几杯酒下肚以后就开始令她觉得过分亲昵。

very, extremely:非常，非常
very much:非常
very badly or unpleasantly:非常糟糕或不愉快
terribly |ˈtɛrɪbli| Adverb/:可怕,非常,非常糟糕
I'm terribly sorry:非常抱歉
your father misses you terribly:你父亲非常想念你
he came into the kitchen, swearing terribly:他走进厨房，咒骂得很厉害

vt. ~ sth (to sb) 恢复到先前存在的某种情况或感受:
vt. ~ sb/sth to sth 把某人或某事物恢复至先前的条件、位置或职位:
vt. ~ sth 将建筑物、艺术品、家具等复原:
vt. 重新采用或实施（一部法律、一个传统、工作方式等）:
vt. ~ sth (to sb/sth) [正式] 归还某人丢失或被盗的东西:
vt. ~ sb/sth to sth 把身体状况恢复至先前的条件:
restore |[rɪˈstɔ:(r)]
The measures are intended to restore public confidence in the economy. 这些举措旨在恢复公众对经济的信心。
Order was quickly restored after the riots. 暴乱过后秩序很快得到了恢复。
The army has recently been brought in to restore order. 最近军队被调来重整秩序。
Peace has now been restored to the area. 这一地区又恢复了和平。
Diplomatic relations were formally restored. 正式恢复外交关系。
an attempt to restore the company's finances 恢复公司财力的尝试 
Such kindness restores your faith in human nature (= makes you believe most people are kind). 这样的善心使人又一次感到人性善良。
As they smiled at each other, harmony was restored again. 他们彼此微笑的时候，又恢复了往日的和睦。
He is now fully restored to health. 他现在完全恢复了健康。
We will restore her to health but it may take time. 我们会让她恢复健康，但可能需要一些时间。
The operation restored his sight (= made him able to see again). 手术使他恢复了视力。
We hope to restore the garden to its former glory (= make it as beautiful as it used to be). 我们想把这花园变得和过去一样美丽。
He said the ousted president must be restored to power. 他说被赶下台的总统必须重新掌权。
Her job is restoring old paintings. 她的工作是修复旧画。
experts who specialise in examining and restoring ancient parchments. 专门致力于检查和修复古代羊皮纸文稿的专家 
The film has been digitally restored and remastered. 这部影片已经用数字技术修复并重新灌录。
the beautifully restored old town square 整修得很漂亮的古镇广场 
The interior has recently been extensively restored. 室内最近大规模地整修过。
The buildings have now been restored to their former glory. 这些建筑物已经恢复了往日的荣光。
The train has been restored to full working order. 火车已经完全恢复正常的运行。
to restore ancient traditions 恢复古老的传统 
Some people argue that the death penalty should be restored. 有些人主张恢复死刑。           
The police have now restored the painting to its rightful owner. 警察已经把这幅油画归还给了它的合法主人。
The following day their horses and goods were restored to them. 第二天，马匹和货物都归还给了他们。
The looted property was restored and the chargé d'affaires was told that the soldiers responsible had been arrested. 被劫财物已经物归原主，代办得知对此负有责任的士兵已被逮捕。
He is now fully restored to health. 他现在完全恢复了健康。
We will restore her to health but it may take time. 我们会让她恢复健康，但可能需要一些时间。
The operation restored his sight (= made him able to see again). 手术使他恢复了视力。

vt.（通过做出一些小的改变来）改进、改善（过程、理论或机器等）:
vt.（通过去除一种物质中的其它物质来将此物质）提纯，如提炼、精炼:
refine |[rɪˈfaɪn]
Surgical techniques are constantly being refined. 外科手术的技术不断得到完善。
The information system is constantly refined and updated. 信息系统在不断完善和更新。
the process of refining oil 炼油的工序 
Oil is refined to remove naturally occurring impurities. 油经过提炼去除天然存在的杂质。
Sugar cane is refined into sugar. 从甘蔗中提炼出食糖。
supplies of the highly refined white sugar 高度精制白糖的供应

vt. inspire sb (to sth) 给予某人渴望、信心或热情让其去把某事做好，即激励，鼓舞:
inspire sb (in sth) 使某人拥有或产生某种感情、情感或感觉:
vt. 常用被动式，激发某人的灵感（尤指艺术灵感）或想象力:
inspire |[ɪn'spaɪə]
The actors’ enthusiasm inspired the kids. 演员们的热情鼓舞着孩子们。
His superb play inspired the team to a thrilling 5–0 win. 他的出色表现使球队士气大振，以5:0大获全胜。
vt. inspire sb (with sth) 
to inspire me with confidence 让我产生信心 
to inspire loyalty 激发忠诚度
The choice of decor was inspired by a trip to India. 选用这种装饰格调是从一次印度之行中得到的启发。

vi. ~ (with sth) 遵守一项规则、一条命令等:
comply |[kəmˈplaɪ]
They refused to comply with the UN resolution. 他们拒绝遵守联合国的决议。
The commander said that the army would comply with the ceasefire. 指挥官说军队会遵守停火协议。
Some beaches had failed to comply with European directives on bathing water. 有些海滩未能遵守欧洲有关浴场的指令。
Candidates must comply strictly with these instructions. 候选人必须严格遵守这些指示。
When requested to leave, they refused to comply. 被要求离开时，他们拒绝服从。

n. 1 [U] 对人的公平或公正对待，即公平，公正:
2 [U] 公平（或合理）的品质，即正当性、公道、合理、公平合理:
n. [U] 用于惩治罪犯的法律制度，即司法、审判:
n. 1 [C] [美] 法官，也用作称谓:
2 [C] [英，加] 用于上诉法庭的法官的名称之前，表示一种称谓:
justice |['dӡʌstɪs]
Our society needs freedom, justice and equality. 我们的社会需要自由、公正和平等。
distributive, economic, social justice 分配公平；经济公平；社会公正 
to serve justice 伸张正义 
to be denied justice 受到不公平对待 
a sense of justice 正义感 
the justice of a cause 动机（或追求）的正当性 
the justice of a claim 要求的正当性 
the justice of an argument 争论的正当性 
civil, criminal justice 民事审判；刑事审判 
restorative justice 修复性司法 
retributive justice（尤美）报应性司法 
summary justice 即决审判 
Justice must be done in every case. 每一桩案件都必须得到公正审理。
to bring sb to justice 将某人绳之以法 
So far the robbers have escaped justice. 那些抢劫犯至今依然逍遥法外。
to pervert the course of justice（英）妨碍司法公正 
obstruct justice（美）妨碍司法公正 
justice department 司法部门 
justice system 司法系统（或司法制度）
miscarriage of justice 误判 
vigilante justice 法外执法 
divine justice 神的惩罚 
poetic justice 报应

n. 1 [C] 一国（或一个城镇）的一个地区，尤指具有某些特征的地区:
2 [C] 一个国家、城镇或州邦出于管理（尤指行政管理）之目的而划分出来的若干区域（可称为行政区、管区等）之一（各区域之间具有正式或官方的界线）:
district |['dɪstrɪkt]
Fire crews from all the surrounding districts helped to fight the fires. 来自周边各区的消防人员参与扑火。
central, downtown（美）district 中心区；闹市区 
remote district 偏僻地区 
northern district 北方地区 
rich, wealthy district 富裕地区 
historic district 历史名胜区 
conservation district（美）保护区 
coastal, country, local, urban district 沿海地区；乡村地区；当地；市区 
business, commercial, industrial, residential district 商业区；工业区；住宅区 
arts, shopping district 艺术区；购物区 
Times Square is the entertainment district of New York. 时代广场是纽约的娱乐区。
mining district（美）采矿区 
tax district 税务区 
administrative district 行政区 
electoral, polling, voting district（美）选区；投票区 
Republican district 共和党占上风的区 
military, school（美）district 军事区；学区 
red-light district 红灯区 
district council 区政务委员会 
district court（美国的）地区法庭

the action of installing someone or something, or the state of being installed:安装某人或某物的动作，或被安装的状态
a large piece of equipment installed for use:大型设备安装使用
a military or industrial establishment:军事或工业机构
an art exhibit constructed within a gallery:一个在画廊内建造的艺术展览
installation |ɪnstəˈleɪʃən| Noun/:,装置
the installation of a central heating system:中央供暖系统的安装
computer installations:计算机安装
nuclear installations:nuclear装置
a video installation:一个视频装置


marvelous | 奇妙,了不起,奇妙的

vt. 激怒:
vt. ~ sb (into sth/into doing sth) 用言语或行动来故意激怒某人，可称为挑衅:
vt. 引起某个反应，或具有某个效应:
provoke |[prəˈvəʊk;美-ˈvoʊk]
The announcement provoked a storm of protest. 这个声明激起了抗议的风潮。
The suggestion provoked outrage from student leaders. 这一建议激起了学生的愤慨。
The destruction of the mosque has provoked anger throughout the Muslim world. 毁坏清真寺的行为激怒了整个伊斯兰世界。
Their laughter provoked him to anger. 他们的笑声激怒了他。
The lawyer claimed his client was provoked into acts of violence by the defendant. 律师声称，他的当事人是受到被告的挑衅才采取暴力行动的。
I provoked him into doing something really stupid. 在我的刺激下他做了件非常愚蠢的事。
She had been trying to provoke her sister into an argument. 她一直在想方设法惹姐姐来吵一架。
He was sensitive and easily provoked. 他很敏感，容易被激怒。
The announcement provoked a storm of protest. 这个声明激起了抗议的风潮。
His election success has provoked a shocked reaction. 他的当选引起一片震惊。
The article was intended to provoke discussion. 这篇文章旨在引发讨论。
Dairy products may provoke allergic reactions in some people. 乳制品可能会引起某些人的过敏反应。

n. [C] 公共建筑物入口内部的一大片区域（人们可在此处会面或等候），即门厅、大厅:
n. 1 [C]（就某问题企图影响从政者的）游说团体:
2 [C, sing.] [英]（一群人就某问题企图影响从政者的）游说:
vt.&vi. ~ (sb) (for/against sth) 游说（政府官员、委员会委员等）:
n. [C]（英国议会的）民众接待厅（人们可在此处见到议员并与其交谈）:
lobby |[ˈlɒbi;美ˈlɑ:bi]
a hotel lobby 旅馆大厅 
I met her in the lobby of the museum. 我在博物馆的前厅遇见了她。
The gun lobby is/are against any change in the law. 赞同拥有枪支的团体反对作任何法律上的修改。
Agricultural interests are some of the most powerful lobbies in Washington. 农业利益集团是华盛顿最具影响力的游说团体之一。
He set up this lobby of independent producers. 他组织了这个由独立生产商组成的游说团。
a powerful anti-smoking lobby 声势浩大的反吸烟团体 
anti-abortion, anti-hunt, environmental, gun, industrial, nuclear, political lobby 反堕胎游说团体；反狩猎游说团体；环境保护游说团体；枪支自由游说团体；行业游说团体；核能游说团体；政治游说团体 
lobby group, lobby organization 游说团体；游说组织 
Mary groups have together formed a lobby against cuts in education. 许多团体联合形成了一个反对削减教育经费的游说团体。
Residents have organized a lobby for improved local facilities. 居民组织了游说团体争取改善当地的设施。
a recent lobby of Parliament by pensioners 领养老金者近来在议会的游说 
Farmers will lobby Congress for higher subsidies. 农民将游说国会提高对农业的补贴。
Women's groups are lobbying to get more public money for children. 妇女组织在对政府进行游说，要求增加对儿童的拨款。
Carers from all over the UK lobbied Parliament last week to demand a better financial deal. 英国各地的家庭看护人员上周向议会游说，要求改善经济待遇。
Gun control advocates are lobbying hard for new laws. 枪械管制支持者正努力游说通过新法。
Head teachers have been lobbying hard against education cuts. 校长们一直在为反对削减教育经费而积极游说。
The group successfully lobbied for changes in the law. 这个团体为修订法律进行了游说并获得成功。
The organization has been set up to lobby the government on behalf of all the people who have lost their pensions.创建这个组织旨在为所有失去养老金的人向政府游说。

n. [C] interview (for a job, etc.) 工作或大学的面试:
vt.＆vi. interview (for a job, etc.) 对某人进行工作或入学面试:
vi. interview (for a job, etc.) 接受工作或入学面试，尤用于北美英语:
n. [C] interview (with sb) （常指公开的）记者采访，访谈:
vt. interview sb (about sth) 对某人进行媒体采访或访谈:
n. [C] interview (with sb) 私下的问答式的会谈，面谈:
vt. interview sb (about sth) 私下里向某人提问或与其面谈:
interview |['ɪntəvju:]
job interview 求职面试 
interview room 面试间 
interview procedure 面试程序 
an interview for the post of sales manager 招聘销售经理的面试 
to arrange an interview 安排面试 
to start the second round of interviews 启动第二轮面试 
Which post are you being interviewed for? 你参加哪个职位的面试？
We interviewed ten people for the job. 我们为这份工作面试了十人。
tips on interviewing for colleges 大学面试的窍门
telephone interview 电话采访 
magazine, media, newspaper, radio, television interview 杂志采访；媒体采访；报纸采访；电台采访；电视采访 
group interview 集体采访 
face-to-face interview 面对面的采访 
exclusive interview 独家专访 
live interview 直播的采访 
interview footage 访谈镜头 
interview transcript 采访的文字记录 
I get a lot of interview requests from journalists. 我接到很多记者的采访请求。
The Prime Minister declined to be interviewed. 首相婉拒了采访。
an interview with the careers adviser 和职业顾问的面谈 
an interview with the British leader 与英国领导人的会谈 
a police interview with suspected terrorists 警方与恐怖分子嫌疑人的面谈 
The police are waiting to interview the injured man. 警察正等着向受伤的男子问话。

vt. ~ sb (from sth) 与某人解除合同等:
vt. 展示能力:
vt. ~ sb (from sth) 免除某人的责任、职责、义务、任务:
vt. ~ sb/sth (from sth) 把某人从其被囚禁（或被困）之地放走:
n. [U, sing.] 没有痛苦、焦虑或其它不悦感觉的一种状态，即解脱:
vt. 宣泄情感（如愤怒、担忧等）:
n. [U, sing.] 情感或压力的宣泄:
vt. 松开或放开某事物（使其可以移动、飞翔、降落等）:
vt. 使某事物不紧张:
vt. 释放、放出、排放（气体、热量或某种物质）:
n. [U, C] 气体、化学品等的排放或泄漏:
vt. 松开机械的开关:
vt. 公布:
vt. 使公众可获得某事物:
n. [U, sing.] 对公众公开、发行；对公众新发行的东西，尤指新激光唱片、新电影:
n. [U, sing.] ~ (of sb) (from sth)（将人或动物）释放；获释的状态:
vt. ~ sb/sth (from sth) 把某人从其被囚禁（或被困）之地放走:
vt. 使以前被限制的事物解禁:
release |[rɪˈli:s][rɪˈli:s]
The club is releasing some of its older players. 俱乐部正在解聘一些老队员。
Becoming your own person releases your creativity. 保持自己的本色才有助于发挥自身创造力。
The new law released employers from their obligation to recognize unions. 新的法律免除了雇主承认工会的义务。
Divorce releases both the husband and wife from all marital obligations to each other. 离婚解除了夫妻双方相互之间所有的婚姻义务。
This releases the teacher to work with individuals who are having extreme difficulty. 这使得教师可以专门辅导学习特别吃力的学生。
Firefighters took two hours to release the driver from the wreckage. 消防队员花了两个小时将司机从汽车残骸中救出来。
a sense of release after the exam 考试后的解脱感 
She saw death as a welcome release from pain. 她把死亡看作是从痛苦中解脱。           
She burst into tears, releasing all her pent-up emotions. 她放声大哭，发泄出全部郁积起来的情感。
I personally don't want to release my anger on anyone else. 我个人并不想把自己的愤怒发泄在别人身上。
Crying gave some emotional release. 哭泣是一种情绪宣泄。
sexual release 性宣泄 
Sometimes we just need some release from the pressure. 有时我们只是需要缓解一下压力。
All societies have social mechanisms for the release of tension. 每一个社会都有释放压力的机制。
He refused to release her arm. 他不肯放开她的胳膊。
He stopped and faced her, releasing her wrist. 他停下来面对着她，放开了她的手腕。
the twisting action before a bowler releases the ball 投球手掷球前的屈身动作 
10 000 balloons were released at the ceremony. 典礼上放飞了一万个气球。
You need to release the tension in these shoulder muscles. 你需要放松肩部肌肉。
She laughed, the tension inside her suddenly released. 她笑了起来，绷紧的神经立刻松弛了下来。
a weapon which releases toxic nerve gas 释放神经毒气的武器 
the gases that are released from spray cans 喷雾器喷出的气体 
Intense heat is released in the reaction. 反应过程中产生高热。
The contraction of muscles uses energy and releases heat. 肌肉的收缩消耗能量并且释放热量。
The compound slowly releases iron into the bloodstream. 这种化合物慢慢将铁释放到血流中。
The dam suddenly released millions of gallons of water. 大坝突然放出数百万加仑的水。
How much radiation was released into the air? 多少辐射进入到了空气中？           
the release of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere 二氧化碳向大气层的排放 
to monitor radiation releases 监测辐射的释放
to release the clutch, to release the handbrake, to release the switch 松开离合器；松开手闸；松开开关
Police have released no further details about the accident. 关于这次事故，警方没有透露更多的细节。
Figures released yesterday show retail sales were down in March. 昨天公布的数据显示零售额在3月份有所下滑。
to release a movie, to release a book, to release a CD 发行电影；发行图书；发行激光唱片 
He is releasing an album of love songs. 他即将推出一张情歌专辑。
new products released onto the market 投放到市场的新产品 
news, press release 新闻的发布 
album, book, film（尤英）, movie（尤美）, record 发行的专辑；发行的图书；发行的电影；发行的唱片 
CD, video release 发行的光盘；发行的录像 
release date 发行日期 
The movie goes on general release (= will be widely shown in cinemas/movie theaters) next week. 这部电影将于下周公开上映。
The video has sold three million copies in its first three weeks on release. 影碟推出的前3周就卖出了300万张。
The new software is planned for release in April. 新软件计划四月份发行。
the latest new releases 最新发行的产品
The government has been working to secure the release of the hostages. 政府一直在努力争取使人质获释。
She can expect an early release from prison. 她有望早一点出狱。
There have been calls for his immediate and unconditional release. 人们要求立即无条件释放他。
A public outcry secured her release from detention. 公众的强烈抗议使她获释。
He was granted early release. 他得以提前获释。
release date 释放日期 
release on bail 保释某人 
release on parole 假释某人 
his release from hospital 他的出院
She was released from prison last week. 她于上周获释出狱。
He was released from custody the next day. 第二天他被从拘留所里放了出来。
to release a hostage 释放人质 
Firefighters took two hours to release the driver from the wreckage. 消防队员花了两个小时将司机从汽车残骸中救出来。
He is expected to be released from hospital today. 他有望今天出院。
The new building programme will go ahead as soon as the government releases the funds. 政府一拨付资金，新的建筑项目就动工。

vt. 彻底而细致地探究某事物（以期对其了解得更多），相当于analyse:
vt.＆vi. explore (sth) (for sth) 在某片地域或某个国家穿行以期对其进行了解，如勘探、勘察、探索、考察:
vt. 用手（或身体的其他部位）去感觉某事物，如探察，有一种探索的意味:
explore |[ɪk'splɔ:]
These ideas will be explored in more detail in chapter 7. 这些观点将在第7章做更详细的探讨。
These questions have not been fully explored yet. 这些问题还没有充分探讨。
The city is best explored on foot. 最好是徒步考察这个城市。
to explore the land 勘查土地 
companies exploring for oil 石油勘探公司
She explored the sand with her toes. 她用脚趾感觉沙的情况。

adj.（对…的影响）深远的、巨大的:
adj. 知识渊博的、理解深刻的:
adj. 严重的:
adj. 强烈的:
adj. 需要大量研究或思考的，即艰深的:
profound |[prəˈfaʊnd]
profound transformation, profound shift 深刻的改变；深刻的转变 
profound changes in the earth's climate 地球气候的巨大变化 
profound influence, profound impact 深远的影响 
profound importance, profound significance 极其重要的意义 
profound consequence 影响深远的结果 
My father's death had a profound effect on us all. 父亲的去世深深地影响了我们全家。
discoveries which had a profound effect on many areas of medicine 对很多医学领域产生了深刻影响的发现 
Despite the decay the mosque somehow retained a profound grandeur. 尽管出现了腐烂，这座清真寺依然保有一种宏伟的风范。
one of the country's most profound minds 该国知识最渊博的人之一 
a profound book 深奥的书 
This is a book full of profound, original and challenging insights. 这本书充满了深刻、新颖、令人深思的见解。
profound thought 深刻的思想 
profound meditation 深刻的冥想 
profound wisdom 深刻的智慧
profound disability 严重残疾 
profound disagreement 严重的分歧
profound difference 深刻的差别 
profound distrust 强烈的不信任 
profound distaste 强烈反感 
I feel a profound antipathy to using any weapon. 我强烈反对使用任何武器。
profound emotion 强烈的感情 
profound belief 强烈的信仰 
profound implication 强烈的暗示 
profound impression 深刻的印象 
profound trust 深深的信任 
profound reverence 强烈的敬意 
profound gratitude 强烈的感激 
profound regret 非常后悔 
profound apology 深刻的道歉 
profound lack 非常缺乏
profound questions about life and death 生死方面的玄奥问题 
profound mystery 难解的秘密           

n. [usually pl.] 英勇、激动人心或引人注目的行为:
vt. [贬] 利用一个人或一种情况为自己谋利:
vt. 把某事物运用得好，以从中获得尽可能多的好处，即运用、利用、发挥:
vt. ~ sth (for sth) 为商业或工业用途而开发或使用某事物:
vt. [贬] 利用一个人或一种情况为自己谋利:
vt. 把某事物运用得好，以从中获得尽可能多的好处，即运用、利用、发挥:
vt. ~ sth (for sth) 为商业或工业用途而开发或使用某事物:
vt. [贬] 不公平地对待某人，让其干得多赚得少，即剥削、压榨:
vt. ~ sth (for sth) 为商业或工业用途而开采某事物:
vt. ~ sth (for sth) 为商业或工业用途而开发某事物:
exploit |[ɪkˈsplɔɪt]
the daring exploits of Roman heroes 罗马英雄英勇无畏的行为 
His courage and exploits were legendary. 他的无畏与英勇事迹是出了名的。
military, sporting exploit 军事事迹；体育成绩 
He was always bragging about his sexual exploits. 他总是吹嘘他的风流韵事。
He exploited his father's name to get himself a job. 他利用他父亲的名声为自己找到一份工作。
He pursued his own interests, cynically exploiting his privileged position as trustee. 他无所顾忌地利用自己作为受托人的特权地位追逐私利。
She realized that her youth and inexperience were being exploited. 她意识到自己的年轻和缺乏经验正受人利用。
She fully exploits the humour of her role in the play. 她在剧中把她那个角色的幽默发挥得淋漓尽致。
The firm has been successful in exploiting new technology to the full. 这家公司在充分利用新技术方面很成功。
Birds exploit these wind patterns to the fullest. 鸟类对各种风型的利用达到了极致。
The architect has cleverly exploited new materials and building techniques. 这位建筑师巧妙地利用了新的材料和建筑技术。
The team were quick to exploit their competitive advantage. 该团队迅速利用了他们的竞争优势。
countries exploiting the rainforests for hardwood 为获取硬木而开发热带雨林的国家 
No minerals have yet been exploited in Antarctica. 南极洲的矿藏还未开采。
She was keen to exploit her discovery commercially. 她渴望为自己的发现找到商业上的用途。
He exploited his father's name to get himself a job. 他利用他父亲的名声为自己找到一份工作。
He pursued his own interests, cynically exploiting his privileged position as trustee. 他无所顾忌地利用自己作为受托人的特权地位追逐私利。
She realized that her youth and inexperience were being exploited. 她意识到自己的年轻和缺乏经验正受人利用。
She fully exploits the humour of her role in the play. 她在剧中把她那个角色的幽默发挥得淋漓尽致。
The firm has been successful in exploiting new technology to the full. 这家公司在充分利用新技术方面很成功。
Birds exploit these wind patterns to the fullest. 鸟类对各种风型的利用达到了极致。
The architect has cleverly exploited new materials and building techniques. 这位建筑师巧妙地利用了新的材料和建筑技术。
The team were quick to exploit their competitive advantage. 该团队迅速利用了他们的竞争优势。
countries exploiting the rainforests for hardwood 为获取硬木而开发热带雨林的国家 
No minerals have yet been exploited in Antarctica. 南极洲的矿藏还未开采。
She was keen to exploit her discovery commercially. 她渴望为自己的发现找到商业上的用途。
What is being done to stop employers from exploiting young people? 目前有什么措施制止雇主剥削年轻人呢？
The workers are ruthlessly exploited by their employers. 工人们受到雇主残酷的剥削。
to sexually exploit 性剥削
No minerals have yet been exploited in Antarctica. 南极洲的矿藏还未开采。
countries exploiting the rainforests for hardwood 为获取硬木而开发热带雨林的国家


startup | 启动,开始
