constructive						建设性的
unbearable						难以忍受的
laundry							洗衣店，衣物
seize							抓住，利用
poison							毒物，毒死，污染
bakery							面包店
tent								帐篷
wedding							婚礼
fair								公正的，合理的，相当，晴天，美丽的
geographic						地理的
comprehensive						全面的，综合性的，绝对的
riot								骚乱，丰富多彩
conspicuous						显眼的，显著的
block							方块，大楼，街区，阻碍
acute							极度的，急性的，敏锐的，锐角的
endure							忍耐，持续
assembly							人群，集会，立法机构
opponent							对手，反对者
confront							面对
stir								搅动，使行动，萌生
rocket							火箭，斥责，飙升，飞奔
attribute							把某事物归因于...，属性
sentence							句子，判决
tempting							诱人的
commitment						承诺，责任感，花费
feasible							可行的，可能的
outcome							结果
diligent							勤奋的，坚持不懈的
deprive							剥夺
grid								格栅，网格
\\\\\\\\


having or intended to have a useful or beneficial purpose:有或打算有一个有用或有益的目的
not obvious or stated explicitly, derived by inference:不明显或明确说明，由推断得出
relating to, based on, or denoting mathematical proofs which show how an entity may in principle be constructed or arrived at in a finite number of steps.:涉及、基于或表示数学证明，这些证明显示原则上如何在有限数量的步骤中构建或到达实体。
constructive |kənˈstrʌktɪv| Adjective/:建设性的,具有建设性的
constructive advice:建设性建议
constructive liability:推定责任

adj. 太痛苦、太令人不悦等以致难以处理或难以接受的，即无法忍受的，难以忍受的，相当于intolerable:
unbearable |[ʌn'beərəbl]
The heat was becoming unbearable. 炎热开始变得难以忍受。
War has made life almost unbearable for the civilians remaining in the capital. 对留在首都的平民来说，战争已使生活变得几乎不堪忍受。
unbearable pain 无法忍受的疼痛 
He's been unbearable since he won that prize. 他得奖以后变得很难相处。
His arrogance made him absolutely unbearable. 他的傲慢自大令人完全无法忍受。

n. 1 [U] 需要洗、正在洗、或刚刚洗完的衣物、床单等:
2 [U, sing.] 洗衣物、床单等的过程或工作:
3 [C] 洗衣店或洗衣房:
laundry |['lɔ:ndrɪ]
a pile of dirty laundry 一摞脏衣物 
a pile of clean laundry 一堆洗干净的衣物 
laundry bag, laundry basket 洗衣袋；洗衣筐 
laundry soap（美）洗衣皂 
to do laundry 洗衣物 
The hotel has a laundry service. 旅馆提供洗衣服务。
the laundry room of the hotel 这家酒店的洗衣房

vt.（情绪）突然深深地影响到某人:
vt. 1 seize sth (from sb) 突然用手用力抓住，相当于grab:
2 seize a chance, an opportunity, the initiative等表示抓住机会或主动权等，相当于grab:
vt. seize sth (from sb)（常指突然而暴力地）在军事上夺取一个地方或一种情况的控制权:
vt. 1 逮捕、俘虏或捉拿某人。是此义的常规且专业用词:
2 将非法物品或被窃取的物品没收，扣押，起获。也是此义的常规且专业用词:
vt. seize a chance, seize an opportunity 表示抓住机会，相当于grab。是一个基础和常规用词:
seize |[si:z]
Panic seized her. 她顿时惊慌失措。
He was seized by curiosity. 他好奇心顿起。
She seized him by the arm. 她一把抓住他的胳膊。
The wrestlers try to seize hold of each other. 摔跤选手力图抓住对方。
He seized the book from her hand. 他从她手里夺过了书。
to seize the initiative 掌握主动权 
He was quick to seize on his idea. 他即刻捕捉到了这个想法。
He had failed to seize his chance. 他没能把握住机会。
The rumours/rumors were eagerly seized on by the local press. 当地媒体迫不及待地抓住谣言大做文章。
They seized the airport in a surprise attack. 他们突袭攻占了机场。
The army has seized control of the country. 军队已经控制全国。
He seized power in a military coup. 他在军事政变中夺取了政权。
The men were seized as they left the building. 这些人在离开那栋房子时被抓获。
We have the legal right to seize his property. 我们有没收他财产的合法权力。
A large quantity of drugs was seized during the raid. 在这次突击行动中起获了大量毒品。
He had failed to seize his chance. 他没能把握住时机。

vt. 对…有坏的影响，如破坏良好的情况或关系等:
n. [C] 极其有害的感情:
n. [C] 极其有害的思想或感情等:
n. [C, U] 被吞下或被身体吸收后能致死的一种物质，即毒物，如毒药等:
vt. 1 poison sb (with sth) 将人或动物毒死或毒伤:
2 下毒或在…中投毒:
poison |['pɒɪzn]
His comment served only to poison the atmosphere still further. 他的评论只会使气氛更加恶化。
She succeeded in poisoning their minds against me. 是她令他们仇视我的。
the poison of racial hatred 种族仇恨这种害人的思想
Some mushrooms contain a deadly poison. 有些蘑菇含有致命毒素。
How did he die? Was it poison? 他是怎么死的？是中毒吗？
nerve, rat poison 神经毒剂；灭鼠药 
She had put poison in his wine. 她在他的葡萄酒里下了毒。
poison gas, poison pill 毒气；毒丸 
bombs containing poison gas 毒气弹 
poison arrow 毒箭
The woman poisoned his husband. 那女人曾毒死（或毒伤）自己的丈夫。
a poisoned arrow 一支毒箭 
Someone had been poisoning his food. 有人一直在他的食物里下毒。
The river have been poisoned by toxic waste from factories. 工厂的有毒废弃物污染了这条河。

n. [C] 美也用bakeshop，指制作或出售面包或蛋糕的一个地方，即面包房，面包店；蛋糕房，蛋糕店:
bakery |['beɪkərɪ]
A smell of bread drifted from some distant bakery. 一阵面包的香味从远处的面包房飘来。

n. [C]（用帆布或尼龙、绳子、杆所搭建的，野营等用的）帐篷:
tent |[tent]
camping tent（美）野营帐篷 
circus tent 马戏团帐篷 
hospital tent 医院帐篷 
tent camp 帐篷营地 
tent door 帐篷门

n. [C] 婚礼，结婚庆典（随后常伴有婚宴或聚会）:
wedding |['wedɪŋ]
church wedding 教堂婚礼 
traditional wedding 传统婚礼 
Catholic wedding 天主教婚礼 
wedding invitation 婚礼请柬 
wedding date 婚礼日期 
wedding ceremony 结婚典礼 
wedding feast 婚宴

adj. 在文学或老式用法中，相当于beautiful，即美丽的:
adj. fair (to/on sb)（在某种情况中）合适的，适当的，可接受的，反义词为unfair:
adj.（数量、数额）相当大的，只作前置定语:
adj. 1（尺寸、程度、距离）相当大的，只作前置定语:
2 相当的，非常的，尤用于英式英语:
adj.（皮肤）白皙的，反义词为dark:
adj.（头发）浅色的，反义词为dark:
adj. 文学中指风不是很强烈且顺风的:
n. [C] 英国可指露天游乐会:
n. [C] 露天游乐场:
n. 1 [C] 北美可指（评比农畜产品的）集市:
2 [C] 商品展销会或交易会:
3 [C] 英国旧时可指畜牧市场:
4 [C] job/careers fair 指职业介绍会，招聘会:
adj. fair (to/on sb)（价格）合适的，公道的:
adj. fair (to sb) 根据规则或法律而对所有人一视同仁，即公正的，反义词为unfair:
adv. 公平地，公正地，按照规则地:
adj. 天气晴朗的，相当于fine:
adj.（数量、尺寸、数额、程度、距离）相当大的，只作前置定语:
adj. 指人或事物在品质上处于一般水平的，不是很好也不是很坏:
fair |[feə]
a fair maiden 美丽的少女
fair deal, fair wage, fair price, fair question 公平交易；合理的工资；公道的价格；恰当的问题 
The punishment was very fair. 这个处罚很公正。
To be fair, we hadn’t really spent enough time on the job. 老实说，我们在这项工作上花的时间不够。
a fair number of people 相当多的人 
We’ve still got a fair bit (= quite a lot) to do. 我们还有很多事要做。
a fair-sized town 一座不小的市镇 
There’s a fair chance that we might win this time. 这次我们可能胜算很大。
It’s a fair bet that they won’t turn up. 我敢打赌，他们不会出席。
I have a fair idea of what happened. 我相当了解发生的事。
a fair complexion 白皙的肤色
fair hair 浅色头发
They set sail with the first fair wind. 顺风一起他们就扬帆出航了。
Let’s take the kids to the fair. 咱们带孩子们到游乐场吧。
fun fair（通常用funfair）（英）公共露天游乐场
county, state fair 县农畜产品集市；州农畜产品集市 
local, street fair 当地的集市；街头的集市 
annual trade fair 一年一度的商品交易会 
antiques, book fair 古董展销会；书展 
science fair 科技博览会 
a horse fair 马市 
career, job fair 职业招聘会；工作招聘会
fair wage, fair price 合理的工资；公道的价格
a fair distribution of wealth 财富的公平分配 
to receive a fair trial 得到公正审判 
free and fair elections 自由公正的选举 
It’s not fair! He always gets more than me. 这不公平！他得到的总比我多。
I’ll give you ten pounds each to make it fair. 为公平起见，我给你们每人十英镑。
Come on, you two, fight fair! 得了，你们俩，要按规则比赛！
to play fair (= to behave honestly) 为人正直
a fair and breezy day 风和日丽的日子
a fair number of people 相当多的人 
a fair-sized town 一座不小的城镇 
We’ve still got a fair bit (= quite a lot) to do. 我们还有相当多的事要做。
a fair command of English 一般的英语水平 
His knowledge of French is only fair. 他的法语知识还算可以。


geographic | 地理,地理上的

adj. 包含可能涉及的全部（或几乎全部）事项、细节、事实、信息等的，如详尽的、全面的:
n. [C]（也可用comprehensive school）（也可用非正式的comp）（英国为各种资质的学生设立的）综合中学:
adj. [英]（教育）接收各种资质的学生的，即综合性的:
comprehensive |[ˌkɒmprɪˈhensɪv;美ˌkɑ:m-]
a comprehensive list of addresses 详尽的地址目录 
The list is fairly comprehensive. 这份清单相当全面。
The Rough Guide to Nepal is a comprehensive guide to the region. 《尼泊尔概况》是一本全面介绍该地区的旅游指南。
a comprehensive study 全面的研究 
comprehensive insurance (= covering all risks) 综合保险           
Birmingham's inner-city comprehensives 伯明翰旧城区的综合中学 
She taught French at Cheam Comprehensive in South London. 她在伦敦南部的奇姆综合中学教法语。

n. [sing.] [过时，非正式] a riot可指非常有趣或招笑的一个人或一件事:
n. [sing.] [正式] ~ of sth 很多种类的某东西的大杂烩:
n. [C]（一群人在公共场合的）暴乱、骚乱（通常为了表示抗议）:
vi.（人群在公共场合）发生骚乱、闹事（通常为了表示抗议）:
riot |[ˈraɪət]
laugh riot（美）笑料百出的东西 
The movie is a laugh riot. 这部电影很搞笑。
The garden was a riot of colour. 花园里色彩缤纷。
All the cacti were in flower, so that the desert was a riot of colour. 所有的仙人掌都开花了，整个沙漠里五彩缤纷。
With Indian cuisine, you expect a riot of tastes and spices. 印度菜肴口味丰富，并添加各种香料。
major, serious riot 严重的暴乱 
full-scale riot 大规模暴乱 
bloody, violent riot 流血骚乱；暴力骚乱 
deadly riot（尤美）致人死亡的骚乱 
inner-city（尤英）, street, urban riot 旧城区暴乱；街头暴乱；城区暴乱 
prison riot 监狱暴乱 
race riot 种族骚乱 
political, religious riot 政治暴乱；宗教骚乱 
anti-American, anti-war riot 反美骚乱；反战骚乱 
student riot 学生暴乱 
bread, food riot 争抢面包的骚乱；争抢食物的驿乱 
draft riot（尤美）征兵暴动 
The city's housing and unemployment problems provoked serious riots. 该城市的住房和失业问题引发了严重的骚乱。
riot cop（尤美）, riot police, riot squad 防暴警察；防暴队 
riot gear, riot gun（尤美, riot helmet（尤美）, riot shield 防暴装备；防暴枪；防暴头盔；防暴盾牌 
riot control 防暴 
One prison guard was killed when a riot broke out in the jail. 一位狱警在监狱骚乱中遇难。
Twelve inmates have been killed during a riot at the prison. 十二名犯人在一场监狱暴乱中被杀害。
He was killed in the riots. 他在暴乱中被杀。
Last year 600 inmates rioted, starting fires and building barricades. 去年，600名犯人闹事，他们纵火并设置路障。
They rioted in protest against the government. 他们发动暴乱，以抗议政府的行为。

adj. 容易看到或注意到的；惹人注意的:
conspicuous |[kənˈspɪkjuəs]
Mary's red hair always made her conspicuous at school. 玛丽的红头发在学校里总是很惹眼。
I felt very conspicuous in my new car. 坐在我的新车里，我感到十分惹人注目。
You may feel tearful in situations where you feel conspicuous. 觉得自己身处众目睽睽之下时，你可能会有想哭的感觉。
The new building was rather conspicuous. 这座新楼相当显眼。
The advertisements were all posted in a conspicuous place. 广告都贴在了显眼的地方。
The stain on her dress was horribly conspicuous. 她裙子上的污渍太显眼了。
He played no part in the game and was conspicuous by his absence in the post-match celebrations. 比赛时他没有上场，并且由于没有参加赛后的庆祝活动而引起了大家的关注。
The most conspicuous way in which the old politics is changing is in the growing use of referendums. 旧式政治最明显的变化在于其越来越多地进行全民公决。
The event was a conspicuous success (= a very great one). 这项活动相当成功。

vt. 1 一个物体挡住另一物体:
2 阻止某事发生、发展或进步，即阻碍:
n. [C, usually sing.] 使运动或进步变得困难或不可能的事物，即阻碍、障碍物:
n. [pl.] Blocks可表示木质或塑料的立方体，例如儿童玩的积木:
n. [C] [澳] 一片用于建造房屋的土地，即宅基地:
n. [C] [美] 一大片土地:
n. [C] 在测算事物的数量或时间量时，指被作为一个单元的数量，该单元常被批量处理:
n. [C] 思维等的临时阻滞:
n. [C] 记忆的临时阻滞:
n. [C] [美] 一块地（或一群建筑）一侧的街道长度（且该街道依次穿过至少两个街道）:
n. 1 [C] 一个矩形或方形的大块固体材料，各侧面通常平整:
2 [pl.] Blocks可表示木质或塑料的立方体，例如儿童玩的积木:
n. [C] 体育运动中可指阻止另一运动员前进的举动，即拦截、阻挡:
vt. 通过移动到一个球（或一次打击）前面而阻止其到达某处，即拦截:
n. [C] 体育运动中的起跑器:
n. 1 [C] [英] 一栋包含了一些公寓或办公室的高大建筑物；学校、医院等用于某一目的的若干建筑物。表此义时并不强调所有建筑物在外形上相似，而只强调功能的一致性，可算作是一种complex:
2 [C] 各面临街的一组建筑物，即街区:
n. [C, usually sing.] 使运动变得困难或不可能的事物，即阻碍、障碍物。与barrier词义极其相近。但barrier强调让通行纯粹变得不可能，而block除此之外还可指让通行虽然可以实现，但是很困难，即使通过也要付出极大代价，对通行主体造成极大的心理冲击和阻塞感:
vt. 1 通过将某物体放入管道、通道或道路中（或截住该通道）而阻止另一物体通过或流过，即堵塞、阻塞:
2 block the/sb’s way, exit, etc. 通过站在某人前面或站在其通过的路上而阻止其前往某地，即堵住路:
vt. block the/sb’s view, etc. 通过站在某人前面或站在其通过的路上而阻止其看某事物，即挡住视线:
block |[blɒk]
Black clouds had completely blocked out the sun. 乌云完全遮住了太阳。
to block imports of various cheap foreign products 阻止多种外国廉价产品的进口 
The programme has been blocked by the government. 该项目已被政府阻止。
to block protesters’ attempts to assert their rights 阻止抗议者维权的企图 
The group has moved to block the government’s proposals. 该团体已采取行动阻挠政府的提案。
a block to progress in a career 职业生涯发展中的障碍
a block of text in a document 文档中的一段文字 
to book a block of seats 团体预订座位
writer’s block 文思枯竭
I suddenly had a mental block and couldn’t remember his name. 我突然脑子短路，记不起他的名字了。
His apartment is three blocks away from the middle school. 他的公寓和这所中学相隔三个街区。
concrete, ice, stone, wood block 混凝土块；冰块；石块；木块 
building block 积木；砌块 
solid block 实心块 
rectangular block 长方形块 
starting block（供赛跑选手用的）起跑器 
stumbling block（比喻用法）绊脚石 
cinder block（美）煤渣砖 
chopping block 砧板 
to block the ball 拦截球
high-rise block 高楼 
tenement block（英）廉租公寓 
administration, apartment, cell, office block 行政大楼；公寓大楼；监狱分区；办公大楼 
the university’s science block 这所学校的理科大楼 
city block 街区 
The hotel occupies an entire block. 这家酒店占据了整个街区。
around the block（尤美）, round the block（尤英）在街角处
The heavy snow blocked the road. 大雪阻塞了道路。
The old route is completely blocked off. 原来的路线完全被封锁了。
Don’t block up the corridor with all these boxes. 别让这些箱子把走廊堵死。
The exit was blocked with bricks. 出口给砖头堵住了。
A police blocked the thief’s way. 一名警察挡住了小偷的路。
You’re blocking my view. 你把我视线挡住了。

adj. 几何中可指角度小于90°的，即锐角的:
adj. 聪明的，敏锐的，有洞察力的:
adj.（人或动物的感官）敏锐的，灵敏的:
adj. 医学中可指（疾病）急性的:
adj.（标注在元音上的）尖音符号的:
adj. 指情况十分严重的，严峻的。与severe类似，严重程度较深，二者未见明显差别:
adj. 指感觉、感情十分激烈的:
acute |[ə'kju:t]
an acute angle 锐角
an acute observer of our society 社会的敏锐观察者 
His judgement is acute. 他具有敏锐的判断力。
acute sense of sight 敏锐的视力
a patient with acute appendicitis 一位急性阑尾炎病人
There is an acute accent over the letter “e” in the French word “café.” 法语词汇“café”中字母“e”上面有个尖音符号。
an acute economic crisis 严峻的经济危机 
an acute shortage of oil 石油的严重短缺 
the acute problems of environmental pollution 严重的环境污染问题
acute pain 剧痛 
Competition for jobs is acute. 求职竞争非常激烈。
The event has caused acute embarrassment to the company. 本次事件使该公司极为尴尬。

vt. 忍受（痛苦或不悦的事）而不抱怨:
vi. [正式] 持续存在很长一段时间，持久:
endure |[ɪnˈdjʊə(r);美-ˈdʊr]
to endure agony 忍受痛苦 
The pain was almost too great to endure. 痛苦得几乎难以忍受。
unbearable pain, which they had to endure in solitude because not even the doctors could get near them 他们不得不独自承受的无法忍受的疼痛，因为甚至连医生都无法靠近他们 
to endure torment 忍受折磨 
to endure hardship 忍受艰苦 
to endure suffering 忍受苦难 
to endure humiliation 忍受屈辱 
to endure insult 忍受羞辱 
to endure abuse 忍受辱骂（或虐待）
to endure taunt 忍受嘲笑（或奚落）
to endure misery 忍受悲惨 
to endure ordeal 忍受煎熬 
to endure a constant barrage of questions 忍受接二连三的质问 
They had to endure a long wait before the case came to trial. 在此案审理前他们只得忍受长时间的等待。
She could not endure the thought of parting. 一想到分别她就无法忍受。
He can't endure being defeated. 他无法忍受失败。
a love that endures all things and never fails（正式用法）可经受一切考验的永不凋谢的爱情 
The company endured heavy financial losses. 那家公司遭受了严重亏损。
a success that will endure 将会持续的成功 
Somehow the language endures and continues to survive. 那种语言以某种方式保存下来，并继续存在下去。

n. [C, U] 全校师生的集会，通常在早晨，以发布信息、讨论学校事务或共同祈祷。如晨会，朝会:
n. [U, C]（一群人为某一目的所进行的）聚集、集合；也可指此类集合者:
n. [U] 某事物（如车辆、家具）的装配、组装:
n. [C]（也可用Assembly）由选举产生的、定期开会并为一个地区或国家制定决策或法律的一群人，如议会:
n. [U, C]（一群人为某一目的所举行的）集会；也可指此类集会者:
assembly |[əˈsembli]
school assembly 全校大会 
morning assembly 晨会 
We hold an assembly every morning. 我们每天都有晨会。
assembly hall 晨会礼堂 
The announcement was made during morning assembly. 这是在晨会时宣布的。
By 9, the juniors are in the hall for assembly. 到9点时，三年级学生都在大厅里等待参加晨会。
a long room with a stage at one end for assemblies 一端设有早会用的高台的狭长房间
When the fire alarm sounds, leave the building and proceed to your assembly point. 火灾警报一响，请离开大楼，前往你们的集合地点。
a car assembly plant 汽车装配厂 
workers on the assembly line 装配线上的工人 
assembly operation, assembly process, assembly work 组装作业；组装过程；组装工作 
This factory deals with final assembly and testing. 这家工厂负责总装和调试。
Some assembly is required. 有些部分需要组装一下。
Putting the bookcase together should be a simple assembly job. 组装书橱应该是个简单的装配活。
For the rest of the day, he worked on the assembly of an explosive device. 在那天余下的时间里，他继续组装爆炸装置。          
elected, representative assembly 选举出来的议会；代表大会 
constitutional, consultative, general, legislative assembly 立宪会议；协商大会；全体会议；立法会议 
local, national, provincial, regional, state, federal assembly 地方议会；国民议会；省议会；地区议会；州议会；联邦议会 
the California Assembly 美国加利福尼亚州众议院 
the UN General Assembly 联合国大会 
an assembly of party members from the Russian republic 俄罗斯共和国的党员代表大会 
Power has been handed over to provincial and regional assemblies. 权力已移交给省和地区议会。
The national assembly has voted to adopt the budget. 国民议会已表决通过预算。
This country voted for its National Assembly this week. 该国本周进行了国民议会的选举。
Provincial assemblies meet once a year. 省议会每年召开一次。
The assembly voted to delay the legislation to allow further consultation to take place. 议会投票决定暂缓立法以便进一步磋商。
assembly member 议会议员 
assembly seat 议会席位 
assembly building, assembly room 议会大厦；会议室 
a meeting/session of the assembly 议会的一次会议 
These issues have been discussed in the regional assemblies. 这些问题已经在当地议会里讨论过了。
They were accused of unlawful assembly. 他们被控非法集会。
They demanded the right to hold peaceful assemblies. 他们要求取得和平集会的权利。
the right of assembly (= the right to gather freely) 集会的权利 
He was to address a public assembly on the issue. 他要对公众集会发表演说谈论这个问题。
an assembly of women Olympic gold-medal winners 奥林匹克金牌女性获得者的集会 
He waited until complete quiet settled on the assembly. 他一直等到集会的人群完全安静下来。
They were fighting for freedom of speech and freedom of assembly. 他们为言论自由和集会自由而斗争。
The US Constitution guarantees free speech, freedom of assembly and equal protection. 美国宪法保证言论自由、集会自由和受到平等保护的权利。

n. 1 [C] 比赛、竞争、争论等活动中的对手、竞争者:
2 [C] ~ (of sth) 某事的反对者、阻止者:
opponent |[əˈpəʊnənt;美əˈpoʊ-]
political opponent 政敌 
dangerous, worthy, formidable opponent 危险的对手；势均力敌的对手；强大的对手 
The team's opponents are unbeaten so far this season. 该队的竞争对手本赛季尚无败绩。
Today she faces her toughest opponent on Centre Court. 今天在中央球场，她遭遇了最难应付的对手。
He has knocked out 15 opponents in 20 fights. 他在20场比赛中击倒了15个对手。
opponents of abortion 反对堕胎的人 
opponents of the regime 反对政权的人 
She's an outspoken opponent of the government. 她直言自己反政府。

vt.（问题或困境）降临于…、使面临:
vt. 勇敢地面对、处理、解决（问题或困境）:
vt. 与某人面对、对峙（尤指不友好或危险地对峙）:
vt. 与某人当面对质（或对证）:
vt. ~ sb with sb/sth 使某人面对或对付（令人不快或难处的人、场合）:
vt. be confronted with sth 面对（不得不应对的）某事物:
vt.（问题或困境）降临于…:
confront |[kənˈfrʌnt]
the economic problems confronting the country 这个国家所面临的经济问题 
She was confronted with severe money problems. 她面临严峻的资金问题。
Ministers underestimated the magnitude of the task confronting them. 部长们低估了他们所面临的任务的艰巨性。
The government found itself confronted by massive opposition. 政府发现自己遭到了强烈的反对。
I was suddenly confronted by the task of rewriting the entire book. 重写整部书的任务突然落在了我的身上。
She knew that she had to confront her fears. 她心里明白自己必须克服恐惧心理。
We are learning how to confront death. 我们正在学习如何直面死亡。
NATO countries have been forced to confront fundamental moral questions. 北约国家被迫正视基本的道德问题。
The new state confronted head-on the question of national identity. 这个新州直面国家认同的问题。
He is willing to confront problems directly. 他愿意直面问题。
to confront dilemma 直面困境 
to confront reality 直面现实 
Victims of crime are encouraged to confront their emotions. 罪案受害人受到鼓励去直面自己的感情。
This was the first time he had confronted an armed robber. 这是他第一次面对一个武装劫匪。
She pushed her way through the mob and confronted him face to face. 她挤过骚动的人群，与他当面对峙。
They don't hesitate to open fire when confronted by police. 他们遭遇警察时毫不犹豫地开火。
The demonstrators found themselves confronted by a line of police, blocking the road. 示威者发现他们迎面碰上了一队警察，被拦住了去路。
to confront enemy 与敌人对峙 
She had decided to confront Kathryn with what she had learnt. 她决定拿自己了解的事实与凯瑟琳当面对证。
I could not bring myself to confront him about it. 我不忍心就这事和他对质。
He confronted her with a choice between her career or their relationship. 他要她在事业和他们两人关系之间做出抉择。
Most people when confronted with a horse will pat it. 大多数人遇见马时都会轻轻地拍拍它。
I was confronted with an array of knobs, levers, and switches. 我面对的是一大堆旋钮、控制杆和开关。
These texts constantly confront the reader with their demanding claims. 这些文本常常向读者提出严苛的要求。
I was suddenly confronted by the task of rewriting the entire book. 重写整部书的任务突然落在了我的身上。          

~ sth (in) 搅动、搅和、搅拌（液体或物质，使其彻底混合）:
n. [C, usually sing.] 搅动、搅和、搅拌:
vi. ~ from 用于否定式，表示离开（一个地方）:
vi.（感情或情绪）开始感到、逐渐产生:
vt. ~ sb (to sth) 打动:
vt.&vi.（使）微微移动，尤指(因不舒服)稍稍活动;(睡醒前)挪动身体:
vt.&vi.（使）在风中轻轻拂动:
vt. ~ sb (to sth) 激发（想象力等）:
vt.&vi. [英，非正式，贬] 拨弄是非、挑起麻烦:
vt.&vi.（使）行动、活动:
vi.（回忆）开始感到、逐渐产生:
n. [sing.]（一些人感到的）激动、愤怒、震惊。相当于commotion:
stir |[stɜ:(r)]
vt. ~ sth (into sth) 
She stirred her tea. 她搅了搅茶。
Stir the soup for a few seconds. 将汤搅和几秒钟。
Boil the mixture, stirring frequently. 把混合液煮沸，同时不停地搅动。
Bring to the boil, stirring all the time. 加热至沸腾，同时不停地搅动。
Stir over a medium heat for three minutes. 用中火加热并搅拌三分钟。
There was Mrs Bellingham, stirring sugar into her tea. 贝林厄姆太太正在那里将糖搅进茶里。
The vegetables are stirred into the rice while it is hot. 趁米饭热时把蔬菜拌进去。
Chop an onion and stir it into the sauce. 把一个洋葱切碎并搅到酱汁里。
Gradually stir in the beaten egg. 慢慢搅入打成糊的鸡蛋。
Stir in the milk until the sauce thickens. 把牛奶搅进去，直到酱汁变稠为止。
Give the mixture a good stir. 把混合料好好搅拌一下。
Could you give the rice a stir? 你把米饭搅一搅好吗？
She had not stirred from the house that evening. 她那天晚上没有离开过那座房子。
There's something you could study without stirring from this room. 有些东西你不用离开这个房间也可以学习。
It was not music to set hearts on fire or deeply stir the emotions. 这不是那种能够点燃内心之火或者深深激发情感的音乐。
A feeling of guilt began to stir in her. 她心里渐渐生出了内疚感。
Amy remembered the anger he had stirred in her. 埃米还记得他曾怎样惹自己生气。
She was stirred by his sad story. 他那悲惨的故事打动了她。
The voice, less coarse now, stirred her as it had then. 现在那声音已不那么刺耳，它又如当年一样让她怦然心动。
I was intrigued by him, stirred by his intellect. 我被他的聪明才智所打动，对他产生了好奇心。
She heard the baby stir in the next room. 她听见婴儿在隔壁动弹。
to sleepily stir 睡眼惺忪地动 
to stir in your sleep 在睡梦中动 
A noise stirred me from sleep. 响声把我从睡梦中惊醒。
Eileen shook him, and he started to stir. 艾琳晃了晃他，他开始醒过来。
The two women lay on their backs, not stirring. 两名妇女一动不动地仰面躺着。
The students stirred restlessly in their seats. 学生们在座位上坐立不安。
Palm trees stir in the soft Pacific breeze. 棕榈树在太平洋和煦的微风中轻轻地摇动。
Not a breath of fresh air stirred the long white curtains. 连一丝风也没有，白色的长窗帘一动不动。
A slight breeze was stirring the branches. 微风吹动着树枝。
The wind hardly stirred the surface of the water. 风几乎没有吹皱水面。
a book that really stirs the imagination 很能激发人的想象力的书
You're just stirring it! 你这不是搬弄是非吗！
You haven't stirred from that chair all evening! 你坐在那把椅子上一晚上没动了！
Come on, stir yourself. You're late! 快，快走吧。你要迟到了！
Their complaints have finally stirred him into action. 他们的抱怨最终促使他采取了行动。
Stir yourself! We've got a visitor. 动起来！有客人来了。
You can't even stir yourself to have a drink with them. 你甚至都懒得去和他们喝一杯。
Going back there stirred up a lot of memories for her. 回到那里唤起了她很多回忆。
Then a memory stirs in you and you start feeling anxious. 接着一段回忆涌上心头，你开始感到焦虑不安。
Amy remembered the anger he had stirred in her. 埃米还记得他曾怎样惹自己生气。
Her resignation caused quite a stir. 她的辞职引起很大震动。
His film has caused a stir in America. 他的电影已在美国引起了轰动。
media, political stir（均尤美）媒体轰动；政坛轰动 
There was quite a stir about the book. 关于这本书有过一阵不小的轰动。
The discovery caused something of a stir among physicists.（something of a stir尤为英式用法）这个发现在物理学家当中引起了几分轰动。

vi. 突然且快速地增长，相当于shoot up:
vt.＆vi. 非常迅速地达到某个成功的地位，使…非常迅速地达到某个成功的地位:
vi.（车辆等）迅速移动:
n. [U] [英] [美用arugula] 大蒜芥；芝麻菜；紫花南芥（叶子较长，味道较冲，可生吃）:
n. [C]（钻到空中然后爆炸以释放出彩色光芒的）焰火，烟花:
vt.＆vi. 用火箭运送（飞行器等）:
n. [C] 火箭:
n. [C] 火箭武器；火箭弹:
vt. 用火箭弹攻击某地:
vt.＆vi. 用火箭运送（导弹等）:
rocket |['rɒkɪt]
rocketing prices 飞涨的价格 
Unemployment has rocketed up again. 失业人数再次猛增。
The band rocketed to stardom with their first single. 这支乐队的第一首单曲就使他们一举成名。
The car rocketed out of a side street. 汽车从一条岔路上嗖的一下开了出来。
A train rocketed by. 一辆火车疾驰而过。
a small salad of rocket and chopped tomato 一小盘芝麻菜和西红柿碎片色拉
a space rocket 太空火箭 
rocket engine, rocket motor 火箭发动机 
rocket fuel 火箭燃料 
rocket launch 火箭发射
a renewed rocket attack 新一轮的火箭弹攻击 
long-range rocket 远程火箭弹 
anti-aircraft, anti-tank rocket 防空火箭弹；反坦克火箭弹 
conventional, nuclear rocket 常规火箭弹；核火箭弹 

n. [C] 某人或某事物的品质、属性、特质或特征:
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 将品质等归于某人或某事物:
vt. ~ sth to sth 把…归因于…:
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 认为(文章、艺术品或评论）出自…:
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 将罪责、品质等归于某人或某事物:
attribute |[əˈtrɪbju:t]
Patience is one of the most important attributes in a teacher. 耐心是教师最重要的品质之一。
Cruelty is a normal attribute of human behaviour. 残忍是人的天性之一。
He has every attribute you could want and could play for any team. 他具备你想要的所有品质，放在哪个队都行。
divine, human attribute 神的特性；人的特性 
cultural, personal, physical, social attribute 文化特征；个人的特征；身体的特征；社会特征 
Her physical attributes were much admired. 很多人欣赏她的身材。           
People were beginning to attribute superhuman qualities to him. 人们开始觉得他超人一等。
The goals commonly attributed to management are status, power, salary and security. 人们普遍认为管理者追求的目标无非是地位、权力、薪酬和安全感。
We tend to attribute their success to external causes such as luck. 我们倾向于将她们的成功归因于外部因素，比如运气。
They claim that one in twenty deaths can be directly attributed to air pollution. 他们称每二十例死亡个案中就有一例是空气污染直接造成的。
Climate change is widely attributed to the building-up of greenhouse gases. 人们普遍认为气候变化是由温室气体的增加造成的。
This play is usually attributed to Shakespeare. 人们通常认为这出戏剧是莎士比亚所写。
This, and the remaining frescoes, are not attributed to Giotto. 这个，还有那些残存的湿壁画，都不是乔托的作品。
a Madonna and Child attributed to Pietro Lorenzetti 被认为出自彼得罗·洛伦泽蒂之手的作品《圣母子》
a quote that has often been falsely attributed to George Patton 一段经常被误认为是乔治·巴顿的语录
The committee refused to attribute blame without further information. 如果没有进一步的情况，委员会拒绝归罪于任何人。
People were beginning to attribute superhuman qualities to him. 人们开始觉得他超人一等。
The goals commonly attributed to management are status, power, salary and security. 人们普遍认为管理者追求的目标无非是地位、权力、薪酬和安全感。

n. [C, U] 法庭上所做出的判决，且专指刑法上的有罪判决，通常是法官（而非陪审团）对经过审理而被定罪的刑事被告人所做出的判决。是此义的常规用词，极为常用:
vt. sentence sb (to sth) 常用被动式，在法庭上宣判，判决。是此义的常规用词，极为常用:
n. [C] 句子:
sentence |['sentəns]
maximum sentence 最重刑罚 
long, short sentence 长期徒刑；短期徒刑 
heavy, severe, stiff sentence 重判；严厉的刑罚 
light sentence 轻判 
reduced sentence 减刑 
appropriate sentence 适当的量刑 
suspended sentence 缓刑 
prison sentence 监禁 
criminal sentence 刑事判决 
death sentence 死刑 
life sentence 终身监禁 
to serve a sentence 服刑 
an eight-year sentence for burglary 因入室盗窃被判八年徒刑 
He was sentenced to death. 他被判处死刑。
He was sentenced to two years in prison. 他被判处两年监禁。
The judge sentenced her to life imprisonment for murder. 因谋杀罪名成立，法官判处她终身监禁。
The passage contains 156 sentences. 这篇文章有156个句子。
complete sentence 完整的句子 
affirmative, declarative, negative sentence 肯定句；陈述句；否定句 
complex, simple sentence 复合句；简单句 
sentence structure 句子结构

appealing to or attracting someone, even if wrong or unwise:吸引或吸引某人，即使是错误或不明智的
tempting |ˈtɛm(p)tɪŋ| Adjective/:诱人的,诱惑
a tempting financial offer:诱人的财务报价

commitment to do sth 承诺（去做某事或以某种方式来行事）；承诺（支持某人或某事）；允诺承担；保证。程度通常较重:
n. 1 [U] commitment (to sb/sth) 努力工作的意愿，将精力和时间投入到某项工作或活动中的意愿，即对工作或某项活动的献身、奉献、投入:
2 [U, C] commitment (of sth) (to sth)（为达成某事而）同意去使用金钱、时间或人力，可称为花费；使用等:
n. [C] 已承诺（或已同意）去做的一件事；不得不去做的一件事。可称为责任:
commitment |[kə'mɪtmənt]
She doesn’t want to make a big emotional commitment to Steve at the moment. 她不想在此刻对史蒂夫在感情上做出重大的承诺。
the company’s commitment to providing quality at a reasonable price 这家公司保证供货质优价廉的承诺 
the government’s commitment to public services 政府对公共服务事业做出的承诺 
to make a firm commitment 做出坚决承诺
A career as an actor requires one hundred per cent commitment. 干演员这一行需要百分之百的投入。
The company is making a long-term commitment to breaking into the American market. 公司长期致力于打入美国市场。
his lifelong commitment to the socialist cause 他对社会主义事业的毕生奉献 
the commitment of resources to education 对教育的资源投入 
a heavy commitment of capital 巨额的资金投入 
time commitment 时间投入 
a commitment energy 花费精力
business, family, social, teaching commitment 商业上的责任；家庭责任；社会义务；教学义务 
She can’t meet her financial commitments. 她无法履行自己的财务责任。
to honour commitments on reduction of air pollution 履行减少空气污染的义务

adj. 可行的、行得通的、做得到的:
feasible |[ˈfi:zəbl]
feasible plan, feasible suggestion, feasible idea 可行的计划；可行的建议；可行的想法 
It's just not feasible to manage the business on a part-time basis. 兼职管理业务是搞不好的。
She questioned whether it was feasible to stimulate investment in these regions. 她对在这些地区刺激投资是否可行表示怀疑。
That may be fine for the US, but it's not feasible for a mass European market. 那也许适合美国，但对于庞大的欧洲市场却并不可行。
The treatment has not proved feasible. 尚未证明该治疗可行。
It's perfectly feasible to produce electricity without creating pollution. 发电而不造成污染完全可行。
administratively, commercially, economically, financially, politically, technically, technologically（尤美） feasible 管理上可行；商业上可行；经济上可行；财务上可行；政治上可行；技术上可行；工艺上可行 
A tunnel was not considered economically feasible. 用隧道在经济上不可行。

n. [C] 行动或事件的结果。因果关系并不强，只是更强调事件的结局，且用法上一般较随意:
n. [C] 行动或事件的效果:
outcome |['aʊtkʌm]
the final outcome of the negotiations 谈判的最终结果 
the outcome of the case 讼案的结果 
a successful outcome 圆满的结果 
a direct outcome of the strike 罢工的直接后果 
educational, electoral, political（均为术语）outcome 教育成果；选举结果；政治后果等 
We may not know the outcome until tomorrow. 我们可能到明天才能知道结果。
Their strategy produced the desired outcome. 他们的策略产生了预期的效果。

adj. [正式] 工作勤奋的、付出努力和心血的:
diligent |[ˈdɪlɪdʒənt]
diligent student, diligent worker 勤奋的学生；勤奋的工人 
The historical research was impressively diligent. 该项历史研究非常地认真、彻底。           

vt. deprive sb/sth of sth 使某人不能享有某事物或不能做某事（尤指重要的事物或事情），即剥夺，使丧失:
deprive |[dɪˈpraɪv]
They were imprisoned and deprived of their basic rights. 他们遭到监禁并被剥夺了基本权利。
The disintegration of the Soviet Union deprived western intelligence agencies of their main enemies. 苏联解体使西方情报机构丧失了主要的敌人。
They've been deprived of the fuel necessary to heat their homes. 他们没法得到家里取暖所必需的燃料。
Why should you deprive yourself of such simple pleasures? 你为什么连这种简单的娱乐也不让自己享受一下呢？

n. [C]（地图上的）坐标方格:
n. [C] 通常指互相交叉而形成一些正方形的一些直线，如网格、方格:
n. [sing.] [计算机]（常用the Grid）联入网络的一些计算机（彼此之间传递数据等）:
n. [C] [尤英] 长距离大范围输送电力、燃气等的一个网络系统，如输电网、燃气输送管网:
n. [C] 汽车比赛中的起跑线:
n. [C]（金属或木制的、相互平行或交叉的）格子，格栅，栅栏:
grid |[grɪd]
grid line, grid reference（英）, grid square 坐标线；格网坐标；格网方格 
The grid lines on the map run north-south. 地图上的坐标线呈南北走向。
A grid reference gives the position of a place to within 100 m. 格网坐标标示某一地点的位置精确到100米以内。
The grid reference is C8. 地图上的坐标方格数字为C8。
rectangular, square grid 矩形方格；正方形网格 
regular grid 规则的格制 
street grid（尤美）纵横的街道形成的网格 
the Manhattan street grid 曼哈顿棋盘式的街道布局 
New York's grid of streets 纽约棋盘式的街道布局 
We superimposed a grid over the image. 我们在这张图像上面加了网格。
grid line, grid pattern, grid square, grid system 格网线；格网状；格网方格；格网系统 
The artist drew a set of grid lines over the area to be painted. 画家在要作画的区域画上了一些网线。
electric（尤美）, electrical（尤美）, electricity, power, utility（美）电网；输电网；电力网；公用事业电网 
national grid（尤英）国家输电网 
breakdowns in communications and electric power grids 通信系统与输电网的中断 
Power can be fed from wind generators into the electricity grid system. 电力可以从风力发电机流入输电网。
The Ferrari of Alain Prost will be second on the grid. 阿兰·普罗斯特的法拉利赛车将排在起跑线的第二位。
a grid of ironwork 铁格栅           
