distribute							分发，分散
destruction						毁灭，摧毁
divide							分，分配，分开，除
the North-South divide				南北分歧
highlight							最精彩的部分
justify							是...的正当理由
to justify oneself					为自己辩解
announce							宣布，介绍
proposal							提议，求婚
advisory							顾问的，建议性的
mystery							神秘
punctual							准时的
derive							起源于...，获得，衍生
harmony							和谐
unwilling							勉强的
view								观点，思维方式，视野，景色，看
in view of							鉴于
with a view to						有...的打算
financial							金融的
priority							优先，优先的
impermanent						临时的
symbolize							象征，代表
bankrupt							破产的，完全缺乏的
morally bankrupt					道德沦丧
intake							摄取量，入口，新生
addiction							瘾
productive							高产的，富有成效的
admire							羡慕，欣赏
reflect							映出，显示，深思
reflect on							导致
underline							强调
representative						典型的，代表
blame								责怪，自责
retrain							再培训
tasteless							淡而无味的，庸俗的
excessive							过高的，过分的
excessive drinking					酗酒
\\\\\\\\

vt. distribute sth (to/among sb/sth) 把一些事物给很多人；在一群人之间分配某事物。如分发、分配:
vt. 常用被动式，（在一个区域内）散开或分布某事物（或某事物的不同部分）:
vt. 向商店或其他经销处送货（以让其销售给终端客户），即分销:
distribute |[dɪ'strɪbju:t]
Aid is being distributed to people in need. 援助物资正在分发给需要的人。
We distributed the money equally among the team members. 我们把钱均等地分给队员。
Copies of the book were distributed free to each school in the district. 这本书免费分发给区内每所学校了。
The newspaper is distributed free. 这份报纸免费配送。
The leaflets have been widely distributed. 传单已经广泛派发出去了。
Viruses are often distributed via email. 病毒经常通过电子邮件扩散。
Make sure that your weight is evenly distributed. 注意让你的重量分布均匀。
Wealth is not evenly distributed between age groups. 各个年龄段财富分布不均。
The plant is globally distributed. 这种植物分布于世界各地。
to distribute products 经销产品 
nationally distributed brands of fruit juice 全国销售的果汁品牌 
exclusively distribute 独家经销

n. [U] 破坏（是一种行为或过程）:
destruction |[dɪˈstrʌkʃn]
the wanton destruction of public property 对公共财物的恣意破坏 
Some shopkeepers closed early to prevent the wholesale destruction of their property by the hooligans. 有些店主为了防止那些街头小混混大肆破坏他们的财产而早早关门。
He gasped as he saw how much destruction she had wrought with the hammer. 看到她用锤子造成的破坏，他倒吸了一口气。
Children will quickly test their toys to destruction.（英）孩子们很快就会把玩具弄坏。
Three of the paintings escaped destruction. 有三幅画幸好没被毁掉。
He witnessed the destruction of most of his work in a studio fire. 他亲眼目睹自己的大部分作品在工作室火灾中被焚毁。
the destruction of the rainforests 对热带雨林的破坏 
the destruction of the ozone layer 臭氧层破坏 
The earthquake caused loss of life and property destruction. 地震造成了生命和财产损失。
The tornado left a trail of destruction behind it. 龙卷风所过之处一片狼藉。
weapons of mass destruction 大规模杀伤性武器 
the destruction brought about by war 战争造成的破坏 
He had miraculously survived the destruction of the spacecraft. 他奇迹般地在航天器爆炸中逃过一劫。
The central argument is that capitalism sows the seeds of its own destruction. 主要论点是资本主义播下了自我毁灭的种子。
By doubling its prices, the industry sowed the seeds of its own destruction. 该行业把价格抬高了一倍，从而埋下了毁灭的祸根。
those who seek the destruction of our way of life 那些试图破坏我们生活方式的人

vt.＆vi. divide (sth) (up) (into sth) 分开或分成各部分；使…分开或分成各部分。相当于split up:
vt. 1 divide sth (up/out) (between/among sb) 把…分成不同的部分并分配给不同的人等，即分配、分享、分担，相当于share (out):
2 divide sth (between A and B) 把（时间、精力等）分别用于不同的活动等:
vt. 1 [正式] divide A from B 使（两个人或事物）分开或分离:
divide A from B 是（两个人或事物之间的）真实或想象的分界线或障碍，相当于separate (off):
n. [usually sing.] [尤美]（两个河流体系之间的）分水岭:
vt.＆vi. 1 divide (sth) by sth 除以:
2 divide (sth) into sth（数学）除:
n. [usually sing.] divide (between A and B) 使两群人之间相互分离的差异，且常指重大差异:
n. [usually sing.] divide (between A and B) 分歧:
vt. 使两人或多人意见不一致，即使产生分歧，使意见不一，相当于split，不过比split略常用:
vi.（道路）分岔（即通向不同的方向）:
divide |[dɪ'vaɪd]
The cells began to divide rapidly. 细胞迅速分裂。
A sentence can be divided up into meaningful segments. 一个句子可以划分成有意义的各个部分。
The physical benefits of exercise can be divided into three factors. 锻炼对身体的好处可以分成三个方面。
Divide the pastry in half and roll out each piece. 把面团一分为二，把每块都擀平。
This report is divided broadly into two parts. 该报告大致分为两部分。
They were randomly divided into three groups. 他们被随机分成三组。
the point where the river divides in two 河流的分岔点
We divided the work between us. 我们共同分担这项工作。
The money was divided equally among his sons. 这笔钱由他的儿子们平分了。
Divide the sauce among 4 bowls. 把调味汁分到4个碗里。
He divides his energies between politics and business. 他把精力一部分用在政治上，一部分用在生意上。
They divided their time between London and Boston. 他们一部分时间在伦敦，一部分时间在波士顿。
Can it ever be right to divide a mother from her child? 让母子分离难道还有对的时候？
2 divide sth (off) 
A fence divides off the western side of the grounds. 篱笆把庭院的西面隔开。
remote border areas dividing Tamil and Muslim settlements 把泰米尔人和穆斯林居住地分隔开的偏僻边界地区
30 divided by 6 is 5 (30÷6 = 5). 30除以6等于5。
Measure the floor area of the greenhouse and divide it by six. 测量温室的地表面积，再除以6。
5 divides into 30 6 times. 5除30等于6。
class, cultural, ideological, racial divide 阶级差异；文化差异；意识形态差异；种族差异 
digital divide 数字鸿沟 
the divide between rich and poor 贫富差距 
It’s a friendship which crosses the divide of social class. 这是一种跨越社会阶层差异的友谊。
a style which straddles the divide between classic and modern 跨越古典与现代界限的一种风格
religious, party divide 宗教分歧；党派分歧
Board members were deeply divided on the issue. 董事会成员在这个问题上分歧很大。
This issue has bitterly divided the community. 这个问题造成社会严重分化。
an ethnically divided area 一个民族对立的地区 
Where the path divides, keep right. 来到岔路口就靠右行。

vt. 将（文本的某部分）用彩笔做标记；将（计算机屏幕的某区域）做高亮标记（使其更醒目）:
vt. 挑染（将部分头发染成浅色）:
n. [pl.] highlights 挑染的头发；（头发经阳光照射后产生强光效果的）浅色部分:
n. [pl.] highlights [术语]（图画的）强光部分:
n. [pl.] highlights [术语]（照片的）强光部分:
vt. 强调、凸显:
n. [C] 最好（或最精彩、最激动人心）的部分:
highlight |[ˈhaɪlaɪt]
the relevant maps with the route highlighted in yellow 用黄色荧光笔标出路线的相关地图 
I've highlighted the important passages in yellow. 我用黄色标出了重要段落。
Highlight the chosen area by clicking and holding down the left mouse button. 点击并摁住鼠标左键将所选区域高亮显示。
The report highlights the major problems facing society today. 报告特别强调了当今社会所面临的主要问题。
Last year Collins wrote a moving ballad which highlighted the plight of the homeless. 去年，柯林斯写了一首动人的抒情歌曲，突出描绘了无家可归者的苦境。
Once again, the 'Free Press' prefers not to highlight these facts. “自由新闻”组织再次故意不去突出强调这些事实。
These figures clearly highlight the difference in world living standards. 这些数据凸显出世界各地生活水平的差异。
The needs of these children were dramatically highlighted by the Action Group. 行动组令人印象深刻地凸显出这些孩子的各种需要。
The talks merely highlighted the great gulf in understanding between the two sides. 数次会谈仅仅凸显出双方的严重分歧。
The incident has sadly only served to highlight the differences within the party. 令人痛心的是，这一事件只是凸显了政党内部存在的种种分歧。
The real highlight of the trip for me was the visit to the Tower of London. 对我来说，这次旅行中最有趣的是伦敦塔之行。
personal highlight 个人生活中最闪亮的片段 
comic, football, musical, sporting（英）, sports（美）highlight 喜剧集锦；足球集锦；音乐集锦；体育集锦 
career highlight 职业生涯中的闪亮之处 
edited highlights（英）, recorded highlights（英）, video highlights 剪辑过的精彩片段；录制的精彩片段；视频集锦 
Recorded highlights of the match will be shown later tonight. 比赛的精彩录像片段将会在今晚晚些时候播出。
a match that is likely to prove one of the highlights of the tournament 可能是本次联赛中最精彩的比赛之一 
streamed video highlights from today's news 今日新闻要点的流视频 
The highlight of the week was Saturday's firework display. 本周的亮点是星期六的焰火。
The highlight of my day used to be cooking Meg a meal when she came in from work. 过去，我一天中最有意思的事就是在梅格下班回到家时为她做顿饭。

vt. [术语] 调整打印文本的行列，使一边或两边整齐:
vt. ~ sth/yourself (to sb) 对某事做出解释；为某事辩解或辩护:
vt. 证明…正确或合理:
justify |[ˈdʒʌstɪfaɪ]
Click on this icon to align or justify text. 点击这个图标使文本排齐。
The Prime Minister has been asked to justify the decision to Parliament. 要求首相就这一决定向议会做出解释。
Can you really justify the destruction of such a fine old building? 你确实能为毁坏这样一幢精美的古建筑找出正当的解释吗？
The university could not easily justify spending the money on this. 这所大学很难为此项花销做出合理的解释。
You don't need to justify yourself to me. 你不必向我解释你的理由。
No argument can justify a war. 任何理由都不能为战争开脱。
How can they justify paying such huge salaries? 他们怎能证明付这么大笔薪金是正当的呢？
How will you justify this pay cut to your employees? 你将如何向员工们证明这次减薪是合理的。
Her success had justified the faith her teachers had put in her. 她的成功证明了老师对她的信心是正确的。
Ministers agreed that this decision was fully justified by economic conditions. 部长们一致同意，这个决定完全符合经济情况。
The result hardly justified the risks they took to get it. 结果难以证明他们为此所冒风险确有所值。
The events that followed served to justify our earlier decision. 后来发生的事证明我们先前的决定是合理的。
The extra effort involved would go a long way in helping to justify their high price tags. 他们的额外付出对证明其高价的合理性是极有帮助的。
the many issues that make it easy to justify the purchase 使得此项购买的合理性容易得到证明的许多问题 
The decision is justified on the grounds that there is no realistic alternative. 既然没有其他现实的选择，这个决定便是合理的。

vt.（在广播或电视中）播报节目，如播音。是“播音”的常规用词:
vt. 1 announce (sth) (to sb) 正式地将某事（尤指一个决定、一项计划等）告知给某人，即正式宣布或宣告:
2 大声且（或）严肃地说出某事，即声称，宣称:
vt. 1 announce yourself/sb 当某人到达某地时，将该人的名字告知给别人:
2（尤指通过扬声器）在公共场合发布关于某事的信息，即广播通知:
announce |[ə'naʊns]
The government yesterday announced to the media plans to create a million new jobs. 政府在昨天向媒体宣布了创造一百万个新工作的计划。
The company proudly announced the launch of its new range of cars. 该公司骄傲地宣布其新系列轿车的推出。
Mr and Mrs James are pleased to announce the engagement of their daughter, Louise. 詹姆斯先生和太太高兴地宣布他们的女儿露易丝订婚。
She announced that she’d given up smoking. 她宣称她已戒烟。
‘I’m hungry!’ he loudly announced.“我饿了！”他大声说道。
Would you announce the guests as they arrive? 客人到达时请你通报他们的姓名好吗？
Has our flight been announced yet? 广播通知了我们的航班没有？

~ (that…) 一份正式的计划，即提议、动议；也可指提出正式建议的行为:
n. [C] 正式求婚:
~ (that…) 一份正式的建议或计划，即提议、动议、建议；也可指提出正式建议的行为:
proposal |[prəˈpəʊzl;美-ˈpoʊzl]
~ (to do sth) 
The President is to put forward new proposals for resolving the country's constitutional crisis. 总统将提出解决国家宪法危机的新议案。
peace, reform, research proposal 和平计划；改革计划；研究计划 
formal proposal 正式提案 
The government outlined a new set of proposals on human rights. 政府简要列出了一套新的人权提案。
I welcome the proposal to reduce taxes for the poorly paid. 我对减少低收入者纳税这一提议表示欢迎。
The government tried to push through the controversial proposals. 政府尽力让这个有争议的提案获得通过。
They judged that the time was right for the proposal of new terms for the trade agreement. 他们判断，提出贸易协定新条款的时机成熟了。
the government's proposals to abolish free health care 政府关于废除免费医疗保健的提案  
After a three-weekend courtship, she accepted his proposal of marriage. 经过三个周末的追求之后，她接受了他的求婚。
to turn down his proposal 拒绝他的求婚           
~ (to do sth) 
to consider a proposal, to accept a proposal 审议一项建议；接受一项建议 
His proposal that the system should be changed was rejected. 他提的关于修改制度的建议被拒绝了。
The department submitted a proposal for lower speed limits on motorways. 该部门提交了一项在高速公路上降低速度限制的建议。
The President is to put forward new proposals for resolving the country's constitutional crisis. 总统将提出解决国家宪法危机的新议案。
peace, reform, research proposal 和平计划；改革计划；研究计划 
formal proposal 正式提案 
The government outlined a new set of proposals on human rights. 政府简要列出了一套新的人权提案。
Under the draft proposals, the Commission will be significantly strengthened. 根据建议草案，该委员会将得到大大加强。
I welcome the proposal to reduce taxes for the poorly paid. 我对减少低收入者纳税这一提议表示欢迎。
The government tried to push through the controversial proposals. 政府尽力让这个有争议的提案获得通过。
proposals concerning the use of land 关于土地使用的建议 
They judged that the time was right for the proposal of new terms for the trade agreement. 他们判断，提出贸易协定新条款的时机成熟了。
the government's proposals to abolish free health care 政府关于废除免费医疗保健的提案

having or consisting in the power to make recommendations but not to take action enforcing them:拥有或拥有提出建议但不采取行动执行建议的权力
recommended but not compulsory:推荐但非强制
an official announcement or warning:官方公告或警告
advisory |ədˈvʌɪz(ə)ri| Adjective/Noun/:咨询,忠告
the Commission acts in an advisory capacity:委员会以顾问身份行事
the EC has put forward an advisory maximum figure:欧共体提出了一个建议的最高数字
a frost advisory:a霜冻咨询

n. 1 [C] 不可理解之事，神秘之事:
2 [C]（常用作形容词）（因不了解而觉得）陌生而有趣的人（或事物），神秘的人（或事物）:
3 [U] 神秘（尤指有趣且激动人心的神秘）:
4 [C] 疑案小说（或电影、戏剧）:
5 [pl.] mysteries可指秘密的宗教仪式；秘密的知识:
6 [C]（科学无法解释或证明的）宗教信仰的奥秘:
n. [C] 疑案电影或戏剧）:
n. [C] 疑案小说:
mystery |[ˈmɪstri]
It is one of the great unsolved mysteries of this century. 这是本世纪尚未解开的大奥秘之一。
How the disease started is one of medicine's great mysteries. 这种病的起因是医学上的一大未解之谜。
Their motives remain a mystery. 他们的动机仍然是个谜。
It's a complete mystery to me why they chose him. 我真无法理解他们为什么会选他。
He's a bit of a mystery. 他这个人有点儿神秘。
She was a total mystery to him despite their long association. 尽管已经交往很长时间了，但对他而言，她还完全是个谜。
There was a mystery guest on the programme. 节目里有位神秘嘉宾。
The band was financed by a mystery backer. 这个乐队是由一个不为人知的人资助的。
The mystery hero immediately alerted police after spotting a bomb. 那个无名英雄发现炸弹后马上报了警。
a mystery prize of up to £1,000 高达1,000英镑的神秘奖品 
a mystery tour (= when you do not know where you are going)（英）漫游 
Mystery surrounds her disappearance. 她的失踪引起了重重疑团。
She's a lady of mystery. 她是个神秘的女人。
It is an elaborate ceremony, shrouded in mystery. 仪式是精心筹划的，笼罩着一层神秘的色彩。
His past is shrouded in mystery (= not much is known about it). 他来历不明。
The dark glasses give her an air of mystery. 这墨镜使她显得有些神秘。
detective mystery 侦探小说 
I enjoy murder mysteries. 我喜欢凶杀奇案作品。
His fourth novel is a murder mystery set in London. 他的第四部小说讲述的是一起发生在伦敦的神秘谋杀案。
the teacher who initiated me into the mysteries of mathematics（比喻用法）把我引进神秘的数学世界的老师 
the mystery of creation 造物的奥秘
detective mystery 侦探小说 
I enjoy murder mysteries. 我喜欢凶杀奇案作品。
His fourth novel is a murder mystery set in London. 他的第四部小说讲述的是一起发生在伦敦的神秘谋杀案。

adj. 准时的，按时的；不晚的，守时的:
punctual |['pʌŋktʃʊəl]
a punctual start at 9 o’clock 9点钟准时开始 
He’s always very punctual. 他一向很准时。

vt.&vi.（使）（文字、感情等）起源于或来自于:
vt. [正式]（从…中）得到，获得（快乐、好处等）:
vt. [术语]（从…中）提取（某种物质）:
derive |[dɪˈraɪv]
Anna's strength is derived from her parents and her sisters. 安娜的坚强源自于她的父母和姐姐们。
The word ‘politics’ is derived from a Greek word meaning ‘city’. politics一词源自希腊语，意思是city。
The word Easter derives from Eostre, the pagan goddess of spring. Easter (复活节)一词由Eostre(多神教的春天女神)衍生而来。
Mr Ying is one of those happy people who derive pleasure from helping others. 英先生属于那种助人为乐的快活人。
He derived great pleasure from painting. 他从绘画中得到极大的乐趣。
We can derive some comfort from this fact. 我们可以从这个事实中得到一些安慰。" 
The lions clearly derive some benefit from living in groups. 狮子显然从群居生活中受益。
This income was derived directly from his writing. 这笔收入直接来源于他的写作。
The new drug is derived from fish oil. 这种新药是从鱼油中提炼出来的。

n. [C, U] 相关事物的一种令人愉悦的结合，如和谐、协调:
n. [U] 一种平和的存在或融洽状态，即和睦、融洽:
n. [U, C] 和声（即同时演奏或演唱的一些不同的音符以发出美妙的音乐）:
harmony |['hɑːmənɪ]
the harmony of colour in nature 自然界色彩的协调
to live together in perfect harmony 十分和睦地一同生活 
They work together in harmony. 他们一起融洽地工作。
domestic, political, racial, social harmony 家庭和睦；政治和谐；种族融洽；社会和谐 
harmony between the two communities 两个社区之间的和睦 
to be in harmony with our environment 同我们的环境相协调 
people living in perfect harmony with nature 与自然完美和谐地共存的人们
to sing in harmony 用和声唱 
musical harmony 音乐和声 
vocal harmony 和声演唱

adj. 1 unwilling (to do sth) 通常不用于名词前，不愿意（或拒绝）去做某事的:
2 只用于名词前，不愿意去做某事或成为…但被其他人强迫去行事的，即迫不得已的，勉强的，无奈的，相当于reluctant:
unwilling |[ʌn'wɪlɪŋ]
They are unwilling to invest any more money in the project. 他们不想在这个项目上再增加投资。
an unwilling hero 自己不愿却被抬举的英雄 
He became the unwilling object of her attention. 他受到她的青睐实非所愿。

view sb/sth with sth 以某种方式来看待某人或某事物，即把…视为…，以…看待…:
n. 1 [U, sing.] 用于谈论你是否能看见…（或在某种情况中某事物是否可被看到），如观看，看，视野，视线等:
2 [C] 也可用viewing，观看（或瞻仰）…的一次特别的机会，如一睹:
vt. 1 看某事物（尤指仔细观看）:
2 察看房子等（以便购买或租用）:
n. [C] 从某处所看到的景色（尤指乡间美景）:
vt. [正式] 观看电视、电影等:
n. 1 [C] view (about/on sth)（就某事所持有的）个人看法，对某件事的态度。可以是某个人的看法，也可以是一群人的看法。此时与opinion几无差别:
2 [sing.] view (of sth) 理解所思考某事的方式，即理解（或思维）的方式，方法:
n. [C]（展示了一个有趣的地方或景色的）一张图画，即风景画:
n. [C] 展示了一个有趣的地方或景色的一张照片，即风景照:
view |[vju:]
vt. view sb/sth as sth 
She viewed him with suspicion. 她以怀疑的目光看待他。
These results should be viewed cautiously. 应当谨慎看待这些结果。
Try to view the situation objectively. 要尽量客观地看待这种情况。
This conduct is not viewed as acceptable. 这种行为被认为是不可接受的。
He is widely viewed as a possible leader. 人们普遍认为他有可能成为首领。
The lake soon came into view. 那湖很快映入眼帘。
There was nobody in view. 一个人也看不见。
Sit down--you’re blocking my view. 坐下，你挡住我的视线了。
He was shot in full view of a large crowd. 他在众目睽睽之下遭枪杀。
bird’s-eye view 鸟瞰图 
back, front view 背视图；前视图 
close view 近景 
We take a long-term view of the business.（比喻用法）我们从长远的眼光来看待生意。
a private view 画展预展 
to view her work 观赏她的作品 
a viewing platform 观景台 
The property can only be viewed by appointment. 只有预约方可察看这处房产。
magnificent views of the surrounding countryside 四周乡间的秀丽景色 
commanding, expansive, sweeping view 居高临下的景观；开阔的景致；一览无余的景色 
ocean（尤美）, sea（尤英）view 海景 
I’d like a room with a view. 我想要一个可以观赏风景的房间。
viewing audience 观众 
to view the movie 看影片
In my view it was a waste of time. 依我看，这是浪费时间。
a frank exchange of views 坦诚交换意见 
prevailing view 盛行的观点 
personal views 个人观点 
conflicting view 相冲突的观点 
philosophical, political view 哲学观点；政治观点 
He has an optimistic view of life. 他乐观地看待人生。
the Christian view of the world 基督教的世界观 
The traditional view was that marriage was meant to last. 传统的观念是结成夫妻就要白头到老。
negative, pessimistic view 消极的观点；悲观的看法
a book with views of Paris 一本有巴黎风光的书

relating to finance:与金融有关
possessing money.:拥有金钱。
(of a member of a club or society) paid-up.:（俱乐部或社团的成员）已付清。
the finances or financial situation of an organization or individual:组织或个人的财务或财务状况
shares in financial companies:股金融公司
financial |fɪˈnanʃl| Adjective/Noun/:,金融,财政,财务上
an independent financial adviser:独立财务顾问
he needs to pay serious attention to his financials, particularly cash flow:他需要认真关注他的财务状况，尤其是现金流
at the end of the year fund managers sell their worst-performing stocks—and financials have fared badly this year:在年底基金经理出售他们表现最差的股票——而金融股今年表现不佳

n. 1 [C] 优先事项、在重要性上需要优先处理的事项:
2 [U] ~ (over sth) 在各种事项中（或一群人中）的优先权、优先地位:
3 [U] [英] 车辆在某处的优先通行权:
priority |[praɪˈɒrəti;美-ˈɔ:r-;-ˈɑ:r-]
You need to get your priorities straight.（美）你需要把个人事情的轻重缓急分清楚。
You need to sort out your priorities before making a decision about the future. 对未来做出决定之前，你有必要分出主次。
To reduce stress you may have to rethink your priorities in life. 要减轻压力，你可能得重新考虑生活中的轻重缓急。
high, low priority 重点事项；非重点事项 
Education is a top priority. 教育是当务之急。
Our first priority is to improve standards. 我们的头等大事是提高水平。
Financial security was high on his list of priorities. 在他的心目中，金融安全是十分重要的一环。
You need to get your priorities right (= decide what is important to you). 你需要把自己的事情分出轻重缓急。
Being a parent is her first priority. 做好母亲是她的头等大事。
The government's priority is to build more power plants. 政府的首要任务是建造更多的发电站。
Getting food, medicine and blankets to flood victims is the most urgent priority. 为洪灾地区提供食物、药品和毯子是当务之急。
Material possessions have always been a low priority for Mike. 对迈克来说，物质的追求一直都是次要的。
budget, budgetary, legislative（尤美）, spending, strategic priority 预算优先考虑的问题；立法优先考虑的问题；消费优先考虑的问题；战略上优先考虑的问题 
Using the Internet is one of the company's top strategic priorities. 使用互联网是该公司顶级的优先战略之一。
We assign a high priority to research and development. 我们高度重视研究和开发。
a list of priorities 按事情的轻重缓急列出的清单 
We need to place a higher priority on family and social issues. 我们需要优先考虑家庭和社会问题。
Club members will be given priority. 俱乐部成员享有优先权。
The school will give priority to science, maths and modern languages. 学校将重点发展理科、数学和现代语言。
The bank seems to give priority to new customers. 这家银行似乎优先考虑新客户。
The proposals deserve support as they give priority to the needs of children. 这些提议值得拥护，因为它们优先考虑了儿童的需求。
The search for a new vaccine will take priority over all other medical research. 研制新的疫苗将排在其他一切医学研究之前。
When hospital funds are being allocated children take priority. 分配医院经费的时候优先考虑儿童。
Her family takes priority over her work. 对她来说，家庭比工作重要。
The fight against inflation took priority over measures to combat the deepening recession. 抵制通货膨胀比抑制日益加剧的经济衰退更为重要。
I disagree with the premise that economic development has priority over the environment. 我不赞成经济发展应优先于环境保护这个前提。
Priority cases, such as homeless families, get dealt with first. 优先事项，比如无住房家庭的问题，得到优先处理。
List the tasks in order of priority. 把各项任务按重要程度依次列出来。
Buses have priority at this junction. 在这个路口，公共汽车有优先通行权。

not permanent:不是永久的
impermanent |ɪmˈpəːmənənt| Adjective/:暂时的,无常,永恒的
life has value precisely because it is transient and impermanent:life之所以有价值，正是因为它是短暂的和无常的

be a symbol of:是一个象征
represent by means of symbols:用符号表示
symbolize |ˈsɪmbəlʌɪz| Verb/:象征,象征着
the ceremonial dagger symbolizes justice:礼仪匕首象征正义
a tendency to symbolize the father as the sun:倾向于将父亲象征为太阳

adj. [正式，贬] ~ (of sth) 完全缺乏（有价值的东西）:
adj.（人或组织机构）资不抵债的，如破产的、倒闭的:
n. [C] [法律]（经法院宣告的）破产者:
vt. 使…破产:
bankrupt |[ˈbæŋkrʌpt]
a government bankrupt of new ideas 完全缺乏新观念的政府 
a society that is morally bankrupt 道德沦丧的社会 
ideologically, intellectually bankrupt 思想意识破灭；智力枯竭
They went bankrupt in 1993. 他们于1993年破产。
If the firm cannot sell its products, it will go bankrupt. 如果公司的产品卖不出去，它就会倒闭。
The company was declared bankrupt in the High Court. 那家公司经高等法院宣告破产。
He was declared bankrupt after failing to pay a £114m loan guarantee. 由于无力偿还1.14亿英镑的贷款担保，他被宣布破产。
Hundreds of companies went bankrupt during the recession. 济衰退期间有数百家公司破产。
She had to pay the mortgage after her husband was declared bankrupt. 丈夫被宣告破产后她得支付按揭贷款。
The company was almost bankrupted by legal costs. 这家公司为律师费用所累几乎破产。
The move to the market nearly bankrupted the firm and its director. 入市几乎使公司及其董事破产。
Uninsured people can be bankrupted by big medical bills. 高额的医疗费会让未参保者变得倾家荡产。

n. [U, C] 食物、饮食等的摄入量:
n. [C, U]（学校、大学、职业等组织机构或地方在一定时期内）招收的人数、新纳入的人数:
n. [C]（机器上的液体、空气等的）入口:
n. [C, usually sing.]（人）吸入，通常因震惊而倒吸的一口凉气:
intake |[ˈɪnteɪk]
dietary, nutritional 食物摄入量；营养摄入量 
caloric（尤美）, calorie intake 热量摄取；卡路里摄入量 
alcohol, calcium, carbohydrate, energy, fat, fibre/fiber, fluid, food, nutrient（尤美）, oxygen, protein, salt, sugar, vitamin, water intake 酒精摄入量；钙摄入量；碳水化合物摄入量；能量摄取量；脂肪摄取量；纤维摄入量；流体摄入量；食物摄取量；养分摄入量；氧气吸入量；蛋白质摄取量；盐摄入量；糖分摄取量；维生素摄取量；水分摄入量 
high fluid intake 高液摄取量 
Your intake of alcohol should not exceed two units per day. 每天的饮酒量不应超过两个计量单位。
Reduce your salt intake. 减少盐的摄入量。
to reduce your daily intake of salt 减少每天的食盐量 
Make sure you have a balanced intake of vitamins A, B, C and D. 要确保均衡地摄入维生素A、B、C和D。
You should maintain a low intake of fat. 你应该维持较低的脂肪摄入量。
You need to watch your alcohol intake. 你需要注意酒精摄入量。
One of the best ways to get to your ideal size is to cut fat intake right down. 塑造完美身材的最佳办法之一就是减少脂肪摄入量。
The school has an annual student intake of 20 to 30. 该校每年招收20到30名学生。
There was a proposal in the United States to quadruple its annual intake of immigrants. 在美国有提案建议把每年移民的接收数量增加三倍。
air, fuel, water intake 进气口；加燃料口；进水口 
Algae has clogged the intake to the water turbine. 海藻堵塞了水轮机的进水口。
She gave a sharp intake of breath. 她猛地吸了一口气。
I heard, even over the babble of the crowd, a sharp, shocked intake of breath. 即便人声鼎沸，我还是听到有人猛地倒抽一口冷气。

the fact or condition of being addicted to a particular substance or activity:沉迷于特定物质或活动的事实或状况
addiction |əˈdɪkʃn| Noun/:瘾,成瘾,上瘾
he committed the offence to finance his drug addiction:他犯罪是为了资助他的毒瘾

adj. [正式] ~ of sth 唤起感情:
adj. 1 生产货物的、种植庄稼的，尤指生产大量货物或庄稼的，如高产的:
2 富有成效的、很有收获的:
adj. [正式] ~ of sth 引起、导致:
adj. [正式] ~ of sth 创造…的；生产…的；产生…的:
adj. 种植庄稼的，尤指生产大量庄稼的，如高产的:
productive |[prəˈdʌktɪv]
a play productive of the strongest emotions 唤起强烈感情的一出戏
highly productive farming land 高产农田 
productive workers 高效工人 
Training makes workers highly productive. 培训提高了工人们的生产力。
More productive farmers have been able to provide cheaper food. 农民提高产量就能使食物更加便宜。
a productive meeting 有成效的会议 
My time spent in the library was very productive. 我花在图书馆的时间很有收获。
He was hopeful that the next round of talks would also be productive. 他对下一轮会谈同样富有成效满怀希望。
I was sorry he had left, although I soon developed a productive relationship with his successors. 虽然我很快就和他的继任者建立了良好的关系，但是我仍然对他的离开感到遗憾。
a play productive of the strongest emotions 唤起强烈感情的一出戏
Land, labor and capital are all productive of wealth. 土地、劳动和资本都能创造财富。
highly productive farming land 高产农田 
More productive farmers have been able to provide cheaper food. 农民提高产量就能使食物更加便宜。

admire sb (for doing sth)（因某人的身份或其所做过的事而对其）钦佩、仰慕、赞赏等。是此义的常规用词:
vt. 观看某事物并认为其有吸引力或令人印象深刻，即欣赏。此时不太常用:
admire sb (for doing sth)（因某人的身份或其所做过的事而对其）羡慕:
admire |[əd'maɪə]
vt. admire sb/sth (for sth) 
I admire her courage and determination. 我钦佩她的勇气和决心。
The school is widely admired for its excellent teaching. 这所学校教学优秀，远近称誉。
He is widely admired as a journalist. 作为一名新闻工作者，他受到了广泛赞誉。
He stood back to admire his handiwork. 他退后几步欣赏他的手工制品。
vt. admire sb/sth (for sth) 
She secretly admired and envied him. 她暗地里对他又羡慕又嫉妒。

vt. 显示、表明或表达（事物的本质或人的态度、情感等），即反映。是一个常规用词:
vi. 使人对…产生好或坏的印象:
vt.（从一个表面上）反射（声音等）:
vt. 1 reflect sb/sth (in sth) 常用被动式，指在某事物（如镜子、水、玻璃等）的表面上反映或映出…的图像:
2（从一个表面上）反射（光）。是此义的常规用词:
vt.（从一个表面上）反射（热量等）:
vt.＆vi. reflect (on/upon sth) 细致且深深地思考某事，即认真思考，沉思:
vt.（某人）想到…:
reflect |[ri'flekt][rɪ'flekt]
Our newspaper aims to reflect the views of the local community. 我们的报纸旨在反映当地人民的心声。
The punishment should adequately reflect the revulsion felt by most people for this appalling crime. 量刑应充分反映出大多数人对这一骇人听闻的罪行的深恶痛绝。
This year’s budget simply reflects the fact that we have fewer people out of work. 本年度的预算仅仅反映出失业人口有所减少。
The views expressed in this article do not necessarily reflect those of the editor. 文章中反映出的观点不一定是编者的观点。
Senegalese culture strongly reflects influence from Islamic rulers. 塞内加尔文化明显反映出受穆斯林统治者的影响。
The exhibition is designed to reflect the diversity of the nation and its regions. 本次展览旨在反映该国民族和地域的多样性。
The condition of the house is reflected in its low price. 这所房子的状况从其低廉的价格中可见一斑。
The affair hardly reflected well on the president. 这个事件很难让人对那位总统有好印象。
This kind of conduct reflects very poorly on you. 这种行为会让你很丢脸。
information that may reflect negatively on research participants 可能给参与研究者的声誉带来负面影响的信息
His face was reflected in the mirror. 他的脸映照在镜子里。
She could see herself reflected in his eyes. 她在他的眼中看到了自己的样子。
The windows reflected the bright afternoon sunlight. 窗户反射着午后明媚的阳光。
In Milton’s poem, Satan, even after his fall, dimly reflects his former glory.（比喻用法）在弥尔顿的诗中，撒旦即便失败后也能依稀显出昔日的荣光。
The heat is reflected back into space. 热量被反射回太空。
Before I decide, I need time to reflect. 在做出决定以前，我需要时间考虑。
We should all give ourselves time to reflect. 我们都应该给自己时间来深思。
He reflected ruefully that his money didn’t buy as much as it used to. 他懊恼地想着自己的钱已经贬值。
She paused to reflect on what she had achieved. 她停下来，回想自己所取得的成绩。
Things were very much changed since before the war, he reflected. 从战争开始前情况就已经发生了很大的变化，他想到。

vt. 表明某事是重要的或真实的:
vt.（美尤用underscore）在一个字词、句子等下面画一条线:
vt. 强调或表明某事是重要的或真实的:
underline |[͵ʌndə'laɪn][͵ʌndə'laɪn]（美尤用underscore）
Her question underlined how little she understood him. 她的问题表明她多么不了解他。
This disaster merely underlines the need for caution. 这场灾难不过是凸显出谨慎的必要性。
Underline the following that apply to you. 在符合自身情况的项下画线。
to heavily underline the positive words 在表示肯定意义的词下面重重地画线
The report underlines the importance of pre-school education. 这份报告强调学前教育的重要性。
Her question underlined how little she understood him. 她的问题表明她多么不了解他。
This disaster merely underlines the need for caution. 这场灾难不过是凸显出谨慎的必要性。

n. representative (of sb/sth) 1 [C] 被选出来为其他人讲话或表决的一个人，也可指作为一个群体之代表的一个人:
2 [C] 被选出来以代替其他人的一个人，即（某人的）代表:
3 [C] 某一群体的一个典型（或代表性）人物:
adj. 1 representative (of sb/sth)（在某个群体中或在人们中）典型的、有代表性的:
2 常用于名词前，指（代表范围）涵盖了一个大的群体中的所有不同类型的人或事物的:
3 representative (of sth) 可被作为某事物的一个典型事例（或代表）的:
n. representative (of sb/sth) [C] 也用非正式的rep，为一家公司工作并到处去销售该公司产品的一个人，即销售代表:
n. [C] Representative 简写为Rep.，在美国可指众议院议员（参议院议员称为“Senator”，缩写为Sen.）:
adj.（一个政府体制等）由被选举出来以代表其余群体进行讲话或表决的人们组成的，即由代表组成的、代议制的:
adj.（一个政府体制等）由被选举出来以代表其余群体进行讲话或表决的人们组成的，即由代表组成的、代议制的:
representative |[͵reprɪ'zentətɪv][͵reprɪ'zentətɪv]
regional representative 地区代表 
British representative 英国代表 
UN representative 联合国代表 
military representative 军事代表 
company, industry, trade representative 企业代表；行业代表；贸易代表 
media representative 媒体代表 
employee representative 雇员代表 
class, student representative 班级代表；学生代表 
public representative 公众代表 
representatives to a conference 大会代表 
He was the Queen’s representative at the ceremony. 他代表女王出席了庆典。
The singer is regarded as a representative of the youth of her generation. 这位歌手被看作是她那一代年轻人的典型代表。
Is a questionnaire answered by 500 people truly representative of the population as a whole? 由500人参加的问卷调查能真正代表所有民众吗？
a widely representative collection of Greek vases 一批有普遍代表性的希腊花瓶收藏品 
to be statistically representative 在数据上有代表性的 
a nationally representative picture of the employment situation 全国就业形势图 
a representative sample of teachers 各类教师的代表 
The painting is not representative of his work of the period. 这幅画不是他在那个时期的代表作。
customer-service, sales, marketing representative 客户服务代表；销售代表；营销代表 
financial, insurance, pharmaceutical representative 金融代表；保险代表；医药代表 
our representative in Tokyo 我们公司驻东京的销售代表
a representative democracy 代议制民主政体
a representative democracy 代议制民主政体

blame sth on sb/sth 认为（或表示说）某人或某事物对某件坏事负责，即责怪，指责，把…归咎于:
n. [U] blame (for sth)（做坏事或错事的）责任；说某人应该为某件事负责（即责备，指责）:
blame |[bleɪm]
vt. blame sb/sth (for sth) 
She doesn’t blame anyone for her father’s death. 她没把她父亲的死归罪于任何人。
A dropped cigarette is being blamed for the fire. 一支乱扔的烟被指为引起这场火灾的罪魁祸首。
Police are blaming the accident on dangerous driving. 警方把事故原因归咎于危险驾驶。
Whenever something goes wrong, everyone blames it on me. 一出什么错儿，所有人都把责任归在我身上。
The government has been widely blamed for the crisis. 政府因这次危机而受到了广泛指责。
Why do I always get the blame for everything that goes wrong? 为什么出了事总是让我背黑锅？
The company refused to accept any blame for the damage. 公司拒绝为损失承担任何责任。
They placed the blame squarely on the doctor. 他们把责任全然归咎于医生。
The government must share the blame for this confusion. 政府必须为这种混乱局面承担一部分责任。
They tried to shift the blame onto someone else. 他们试图把责任推卸到别人身上。

teach (someone) new skills to enable them to do a different job:教（某人）新技能，使他们能够从事不同的工作
learn new skills so as to be able to do a different job:学习新技能，以便能够从事不同的工作
retrain |ˌriːˈtreɪn| Verb/:,重新训练
they are helping to retrain the long-term unemployed:他们正在帮助重新培训长期失业者
a workforce which is willing to retrain:愿意接受再培训的劳动力

adj. 对人们所公认的好东西（或高品质东西）缺乏鉴赏或选择的能力，即品味（或格调）低下的，俗气的:
adj. 冒犯性的且不合适的，如不雅的，不得体的，粗俗的，煞风景的:
adj. 几乎没有（或没有）滋味的:
tasteless |['teɪstlɪs]
tasteless decorations 俗不可耐的装饰品
tasteless jokes 粗俗的笑话
tasteless soup 淡而无味的汤

adj. 过多的:
adj. 超过合理限度的，如过度的、过分的:
excessive |[ɪkˈsesɪv]
The amounts she borrowed were not excessive. 她借的数量没有超额。
Excessive drinking can lead to stomach disorders. 酗酒可能引起胃病。
The government says that local authority spending is excessive. 政府称地方当局开支过大。
He considered the level of tax excessive. 他认为税收过重。
They complained about the excessive noise coming from the upstairs flat. 他们抱怨楼上发出的噪音太大。
Excessive drinking can lead to stomach disorders. 酗酒可能引起胃病。
the alleged use of excessive force by police 警察涉嫌滥用武力 
He considered the level of tax excessive. 他认为税收过重。
The influence of her ideas was perhaps excessive. 她思想的影响也许过头了。
The sentence which was imposed was manifestly excessive. 所判刑罚显然过重。
