dishonest						不诚实的
caution						小心，警告
glorious						光荣的，壮丽的，极度的
pointless						无意义的
significant					重要的，有意义的
mutual						相互的，共同的
mutual consent					双方同意
temptation					诱惑
passive						被动的，冷漠的
evolve						进化，逐步发展
treasure						珍宝，珍爱
shock						震惊，休克
disservice					损害
ambitious						有志向的
fancy						想要，想象，高级的
accumulate					积累
fuss							小题大做，争吵，烦恼
fuss over						过分关心
fuss with						摆弄
ultimately					最终，根本上
showmanship					组织演出的才能
cancel						取消
regulate						控制，调节
peer							仔细看，同龄人
calculate						计算，估计，计划
calculate on					指望
virtually						实际上，虚拟的
accustom						使某人习惯于某事
retailer						零售商
advice						劝告，意见，通知
admiration					敬佩
courageous					勇敢的
respectful					尊敬的
\\\\\\\\

adj. 不诚实的，旨在骗人的:
dishonest |[dɪsˈɒnɪst;美-ˈɑ:n-]
Beware of dishonest traders in the tourist areas. 在旅游区一定要谨防奸商。
I don't like him, and it would be dishonest of me to pretend otherwise. 我不喜欢他，如果假装喜欢，那就是我不诚实了。
You have been dishonest with me. 你对我不诚实。
It would be dishonest not to present the data as fairly as possible. 不把数据尽可能如实公开并非诚信之举。
What they are doing is not considered dishonest. 他们正在做的事不算是骗人。
I think he's downright dishonest! 我认为他一点儿也不老实!
to be intellectually dishonest 学术不端

caution sb about sth 警告或告诫某人（某事物的潜在危险或问题）。此时与warn近似，但远不如warn常用:
vt. 1 [英] 法律领域可指正式警告某人（其所说的任何话都可能在法庭上被当作对其不利的证据）:
2 [英] caution sb (for sth) 常用被动式，法律领域可指正式警告某人（如果其再做错事或非法的事将受到惩罚）:
n. 1 [U, C] [正式] 对潜在危险或风险的一则警告或一条建议:
2 [C] [英] 警察或法官向犯了非严重罪行的人所发出的一则警告:
n. [U] 为避免危险、错误或任何风险而采取的小心、谨慎或慎重的态度:
caution |['kɔ:ʃn]
vt.＆vi. caution (sb) against sth 
Sam cautioned him against making a hasty decision. 萨姆告诫他不要草率做出决定。
The government cautioned that pay increases could lead to job losses. 政府警告说增加工资会导致失业。
Suspects must be cautioned before any questions are asked. 嫌疑犯在回答问题前必须得到提醒。
She wasn’t sent to the juvenile court; instead she was cautioned. 她未被送上少年法庭，而是受到了警告。
The board sounded a note of caution about the economy. 董事会提醒大家要留心经济问题。
I would just like to add a word of caution. 我只想提醒你要谨慎行事。
As a first offender, she got off with a caution. 她由于是初犯，只受到了警告。
Statistics should be treated with caution. 对待统计数字要慎重。
We urge caution in the use of this medication. 我们特别强调使用此药要小心。
The utmost caution must be exercised when handling explosives. 处理炸药要极度小心。

having, worthy of, or bringing fame or admiration:拥有、值得或带来名声或钦佩
having a striking beauty or splendour:拥有惊人的美丽或辉煌
very enjoyable:非常愉快
glorious |ˈɡlɔːrɪəs| Adjective/:辉煌,光荣的,辉煌的
the most glorious victory of all time:有史以来最辉煌的胜利
a glorious autumn day:一个灿烂的秋日
glorious platters of succulent crabs:glorious多汁螃蟹拼盘

adj. 无目标的；无意义的、不值得作的:
pointless |[ˈpɔɪntləs]
We searched until we knew it would be pointless to continue. 我们搜索又搜索，直到觉得继续下去也枉然时才罢手。
Violence is always pointless. 暴力总是毫无意义的。
Without an audience the performance is pointless. 没有观众，表演就不成其为表演了。
She considered it pointless to plan in too much detail. 她认为计划过于详细没有意义。
This renders the project pointless. 这使得该项目毫无意义。
The whole discussion was utterly pointless. 整个讨论完全没有意义。
The film is entertaining but ultimately pointless. 这部电影娱乐性较强，但说到底毫无意义。

adj. 显著的:
adj. 数量相当大的:
adj. 1 [常用于名词前] 有特别含义的（并非所有人都能理解的），意味深长的。相当于meaningful:
2 有某种意义的:
adj. 意义重大的:
significant |[sɪgˈnɪfɪkənt]
The results of the experiment are not statistically significant. 从统计学的观点看，实验结果意义不明显。
There are no significant differences between the two groups of students. 这两组学生没有明显差别。
Your work has shown a significant improvement. 你的工作有了显著改进。
It is significant that girls generally do better in examinations than boys. 很明显，女生的考试成绩一般比男生的好。
A small but significant number of 11-year-olds are illiterate. 数量不多但仍有相当一部分11岁孩子是文盲。
foods that offer a significant amount of protein 富含蛋白质的食物
significant look, significant smile 意味深长的眼神；意味深长的微笑 
Mrs Bycraft gave Rose a significant glance. 拜克拉夫特夫人意味深长地瞥了罗丝一眼。
It is significant that he changed his will only days before his death. 他在临终前几天修改遗嘱，这很能说明问题。
a highly significant discovery 有重大意义的发现 
Time would appear to be the significant factor in this whole drama. 时间似乎是整部剧中一个举足轻重的因素。
very significant piece of legislation 一条非常重要的法规 
The move was regarded as significant in Japan. 这一举动在日本被认为意义重大。
What makes this discovery significant is that it goes against our theory. 这一发现的重要意义在于它与我们的理论背道而驰。
His records are impressive, but equally significant are the methods that he used to achieve them. 他的记录令人印象深刻，但是同样值得注意的是他取得这些记录的方法。
These differences are not statistically significant. 这些差异在统计学上意义不大。
biologically, culturally, historically, militarily, politically significant 生物学上意义重大；文化上意义重大；历史上有重大意义；军事上意义重大；政治上意义重大 
This development proved highly significant for the whole town. 这一，开发对整个城镇来说意义重大。
rituals which are deeply significant to Christians 对基督徒具有深刻意义的仪式

(of a feeling or action) experienced or done by each of two or more parties towards the other or others:（一种感觉或行为）两方或多方中的每一方对另一方或其他方所经历或所做的
(of two or more people) having the same specified relationship to each other:（两个或更多人）彼此具有相同的指定关系
held in common by two or more parties:由两方或多方共同持有
denoting a building society or insurance company owned by its members and dividing some or all of its profits between them:表示其成员拥有的建筑协会或保险公司，并在它们之间分配部分或全部利润
a mutual building society or insurance company:互助建筑协会或保险公司
mutual |ˈmjuːtʃʊəl| Adjective/Noun/:相互的,相互,互,互相,互相的
a partnership based on mutual respect and understanding:基于相互尊重和理解的伙伴关系
they cooperated as potentially mutual beneficiaries of the settlement:他们作为和解的潜在共同受益人进行合作
we were introduced by a mutual friend:我们是由共同的朋友介绍的
Scottish Amicable may switch from mutual to plc status:ScottishAmicable可能会从相互转换为plc状态
life insurance firms are mutuals, owned by their policyholders:life保险公司是互惠的，由其保单持有人所有

n. 1 [C, U] 引诱、诱惑（是一种欲望），常是坏的诱惑:
2 [C] 诱人的事物（常是坏的诱惑物）:
temptation |[tempˈteɪʃn]
the temptation of easy profits 轻而易举获利的诱惑 
to give way to/yield to temptation 经不住诱惑 
I couldn't resist the temptation to open the letter. 我抵制不住好奇心把信打开了。
Will they be able to resist the temptation to buy? 他们能忍住诱惑不买吗？
Don't put temptation in her way by offering her a cigarette. 别递烟来引诱她。
sexual temptation 性诱惑 
I had the constant temptation to look out of the window. 我总是禁不住想向窗外看。
Keep your valuables locked away so as not to put temptation in the way of thieves. 锁好你的贵重物品，免得招贼。
An expensive bicycle is a temptation to thieves. 高档自行车对窃贼是个诱惑。
the many temptations to which you will be exposed 你将面临的许多诱惑

adj. 接受所发生的事（或人们所做的事），而非尝试去改变或反对任何事的。即消极的，被动的:
adj. 被动语态的:
n. [sing.] 也可用passive voice，被动语态:
passive |['pæsɪv]
He played a passive role in the relationship. 他在他们的关系中处于被动地位。
TV is a completely passive activity. 看电视完全是一种被动的活动。
a passive role in the drama 剧中的一个消极的角色

vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (from sth) (into sth)（使）逐渐形成，逐步发展，逐渐演变，尤指从简单形式逐渐演变到复杂形式:
vt.&vi. ~ (from sth) [生物学]（动植物等）进化:
evolve |[iˈvɒlv;美iˈvɑ:lv]
a tiny airline which eventually evolved into Pakistan International Airlines 最终发展成巴基斯坦国际航空公司的一家小型航空公司 
The company has evolved into a major chemical manufacturer. 这家公司已逐步发展成一个主要的化工厂。
The market has evolved considerably in recent years. 近年来市场发生了巨大的变化。
Our products have been evolving according to the requirements of the times. 我们的产品一直在随时代需求而发展变化。
Online games tend to evolve over time. 网络游戏往往会随时间发生变化。
The idea evolved from a drawing I discovered in the attic. 这种想法是从我在阁楼里发现的一幅画得到启发的。
the idea that society evolves towards/toward greater complexity 社会朝着更加复杂的方向演变的思想 
the theory which eventually evolved from this study 由这项研究最终形成的理论 
A lot of Michael's work has evolved out of his experience with travel. 迈克尔的很多作品是根据他的旅行经历发展形成的。
Veterinary medicine is steadily evolving to meet the demands of pet owners. 动物医学在稳步发展以满足宠物主人的需要。
The protest movement has evolved into a well organized political party. 抗议活动演变成了一个很有组织的政党。
Each school must evolve its own way of working. 每个学校必须形成自己的办学方式。
Popular music evolved from folk songs. 流行音乐从民歌演变而来。
The three species evolved from a single ancestor. 这三种生物从同一祖先进化而来。
More complex animals gradually evolved from these very simple creatures. 复杂的动物是由这些非常简单的动物逐步进化而成的。
These are very highly evolved animals. 这些是高度进化的动物。
Monkeys in the New World evolved quite separately from those in the Old World. 新大陆的猴子的进化独立于旧大陆的猴子的进化。
Africa and its wildlife evolved together. 非洲大陆和生活在那里的野生动物们一起进化。
The dolphin has evolved a highly developed jaw. 海豚已经进化形成高度发达的下颌。
The bright plumage of many male birds has evolved to attract females. 很多雄鸟进化出鲜艳的羽毛是为了吸引雌鸟。
Maize evolved from a wild grass in Mexico. 玉米是从墨西哥的一种野生禾本植物进化而来的。

vt. 拥有（或保有）所爱的且极其珍贵的事物，即珍视，珍藏，珍爱，相当于cherish:
n. [C] 单数名词，指备受宠爱或器重的人:
n. 1 [U] 收集在一起的贵重物品，如金银、珠宝，该词文学色彩较浓:
2 [C] 常用复数，指极其贵重的物品，尤指艺术品和具有历史价值的物品，即珍品，宝物，珍宝:
treasure |['treӡə]
to treasure the past memories 珍藏往昔的记忆
buried, hidden, lost, sunken treasure 埋葬的宝藏；藏匿的宝藏；失踪的宝藏；沉没的宝藏 
pirate, royal treasure 海盗的宝藏；王室的宝藏 
treasure map 藏宝图 
treasure hunting 寻宝 
treasure chest, treasure house（比喻用法）百宝箱；宝库 
This book is a treasure house of information on Arctic birds. 这本书是关于北极鸟类的知识宝库。
archaeological, architectural, historic, historical treasure 考古发现的珍品；建筑宝藏；有历史意义的宝物 
art, artistic, cultural treasure 艺术珍品；文化珍宝 
family treasure 家族珍宝 
national treasure 国宝 
a vast treasure of medieval manuscripts 大量珍贵的中世纪手稿 
Many forgotten treasures have been discovered in old houses. 在老房子里发现了许多被遗忘的宝物。

vt.＆vi.（脏话，不道德的行为等）使人感到受冒犯、气愤或厌恶:
vt. 使某人震惊或惊愕（常指因涉及死亡、痛苦或因出乎人的意料而让人感到恼怒或不快）:
n. [C, usually sing., U]（尤指对令人不快的事所产生的）震惊；或令人震惊的事:
n. [U]（一个人身心所受到的）惊吓。通常较为突然，且程度较重:
n. [C] 电击，相当于electric shock:
n. [C, U]（突然撞击或拉拽所产生的）冲击力（如由爆炸、地震等所引起的剧烈震动）:
n. [U]（尤指头发）浓密的一堆:
n. [U]（医学上的）休克:
shock |[ʃɒk]
to shock people by saying outrageous things 通过说些不堪入耳的话而让人厌恶 
The movie deliberately set out to shock. 这电影存心恶心人。
We were all shocked to hear that he had resigned. 听到他辞职的消息，我们都很震惊。
He was easily shocked. 他动不动就大惊小怪。
the shock of his death 他的死亡所带来的震惊 
The news of my promotion came as a shock. 我获提拔的消息着实让我吃了一惊。
Once the initial shock had worn off, I got to like my new hairstyle. 我刚看到自己的新发型时有些震惊，后来就渐渐喜欢上了。
economic, emotional shock 经济上的冲击；情感上的冲击 
culture shock 文化冲击 
Customers may experience sticker shock when they see the price.（美）顾客看到价签时可能会大吃一惊。
shock troops 突击部队 
shock tactics 突击战术 
shock wave 冲击波；震荡 
United suffered a shock defeat to Norwich. 曼联队意外输给了诺维奇队。
shock victory（英，体育用语）突如其来的胜利 
shock announcement（英）令人震惊的通知 
The little boy was speechless with shock. 这个小男孩被吓得说不出话来。
I nearly died of shock when your mother appeared.（非正式用法）你母亲出现时差点儿没把我吓死。
She looked around in shock. 她惊愕地环顾四周。
She realized with a sudden shock that she was being followed. 她突然惊恐万分地意识到自己被跟踪了。
Drivers could be in for a nasty shock when they see the cost of renewing their insurance policies. 看到续签保险单的大笔费用，司机们都会吓一大跳。
to get a shock 触电 
electric shock（此时electrical不如electric常用）电击 
shock therapy 电击疗法 
the shock of the explosion 爆炸引起的冲击力 
These barriers can bend and absorb the shock. 这些栅栏会弯曲，并吸收冲击力。
deep, severe shock 深度休克；严重休克 
mild shock 轻度休克 
He was in shock. 他处于休克中。

n. [sing.] do sb/sth a disservice 伤害、损害、危害:
disservice |[dɪsˈsɜ:vɪs;dɪˈsɜ:-;美-ˈsɜ:rv-]
He said the protesters were doing a disservice to the nation. 他说抗议者正对国家造成危害。
You could do yourself a grave disservice by revealing all to a potential rival. 将一切都透露给潜在的竞争对手只会给自己帮倒忙。
This violence will do a grave disservice to their cause. 这种暴力行为将严重危害他们的事业。

adj.（对成功、财富、权力等）有野心的、有雄心的:
adj.（一个想法或计划、工程等）需要耗费很多努力、金钱或时间才能成功的，如宏大的、艰巨的:
ambitious |[æmˈbɪʃəs]
a fiercely ambitious young manager 雄心勃勃的年轻经理 
He is a highly ambitious politician. 他是个极有抱负的从政者。
They were very ambitious for their children (= they wanted them to be successful). 他们望子成龙心切。
Chris is so ambitious, so determined to do it all. 克里斯踌躇满志，决心要将它都做完。
He's a very ambitious lad and he wants to play at the highest level. 他是个很有抱负的小伙子，想参加最高水平的比赛。
the government's ambitious plans for social reform 政府耗资巨大的社会改革计划 
The ambitious project was completed in only nine months. 这个规模宏大的项目只用了九个月就完成了。
Their goal was extraordinarily ambitious. 他们的目标极其宏伟。
Phases 2 and 3 seem overly ambitious. 第2、3阶段的要求似乎太高了。
The book is ambitious in scope. 这本书涉及的内容太多。

adj. 1 异常复杂的（常是不必要地），试图给其他人留下印象的，即花哨的，反义词为simple:
2 只用于名词前，（尤指一些小物品）有很多装饰或明亮色彩的:
vt. 1 [英] 认为某人将会获胜或在某事（尤指速度比赛）上成功:
2 [文学] 认为，想象:
vt. [英，非正式] 为某人的性吸引力所吸引，如爱慕:
vt. 1 [英，非正式，贬] 认为自己非常受欢迎、有魅力或聪明，即自负，自命不凡:
2 [英] fancy yourself (as) sth 自认为是，或（常是错误地）相信自己是…，即自命为…:
vt. [英，非正式] 想要去做某事，相当于feel like:
n. [sing.] 想要（拥有…或去做某事），相当于whim:
vt.＆vi. [英，非正式，正变得过时] Fancy!用于对某事表示惊讶或震惊:
n. [C, usually pl.] [英] 一小块装饰起来的蛋糕:
adj. [美]（食物）品质高的，即优质的，高档的:
n. [C, U] 想象的事物；想象或想象力。其含义接近于“幻想”，相当于fantasy，不过不如fantasy常用:
adj.（有时贬）昂贵的，或与昂贵的生活方式相关的，如奢华的:
fancy |['fænsɪ]
a kitchen full of fancy gadgets 有各式各样小装置的厨房 
They added a lot of fancy footwork to the dance. 他们给这个舞蹈增加了许多复杂的舞步。
fancy legal words 异常复杂的法律词语 
fancy goods (= things sold as gifts or for decoration) 精美小商品（用作装饰或礼品）
Which horse do you fancy in the next race? 下一轮赛马你认为哪匹马会赢？
He’s hoping to get the job but I don’t fancy his chances. 他希望得到那份工作，不过我认为他的机会不大。
She fancied (that) she could hear footsteps. 她觉得好像听到了脚步声。
I think she fancies me. 我认为她喜欢我。
He really fancied himself. 他自以为很了不起。
She fancies herself (as) a serious actress. 她自以为是个严肃的演员。
Fancy a drink? 想喝一杯吗？
Do you fancy going out this evening? 今晚你想不想出去？
She said she wanted a dog but it was only a passing fancy. 她说想要一条狗，但这不过是一时心血来潮。
Fancy! She’s never been in a plane before. 真想不到！她竟然从未坐过飞机。
Fancy meeting you here! 竟然在这儿遇到你！
‘She remembered my name after all those years.’ ‘Fancy that!’ “过了那么多年她还记得我的名字。”“真是不可思议！”
night-time fancies that disappear in the morning 在早上逝去的夜间幻想 
a child’s wild flights of fancy 孩子的异想天开
fancy restaurants with fancy prices 价格昂贵的豪华餐厅 
Don’t come back with any fancy ideas. 别用任何大手大脚花钱的想法回敬我了。

vt. 某事物在一段时间内逐渐变得越来越多，即积累，相当于amass。是一个常规用词:
vi. 数量或数额在一段时间内逐渐增加，相当于build up:
accumulate |[ə'kju:mjəleɪt]
to accumulate a lot of books 收集很多书 
to accumulate a fortune 积累一笔财富 
Debts began to accumulate. 债务开始增加。
Dirt must not be allowed to accumulate. 绝对不可以让灰尘积聚。
Toxic chemicals tend to accumulate in the body. 有毒化学物质容易在体内聚积。
accumulate over the years, accumulate over time 日积月累

vi. ~ over sb 对某人过分关爱:
n. [sing.] make a ~ of sb 对某人关爱备至:
n. [sing.] 对某事（尤指不重要的事）发牢骚:
n. [sing.] 对某事（尤指不重要的事）发怒:
vi. ~ (about sth) 为不重要的事而烦恼或忧虑:
n. [U, sing.] 不必要的激动（或担忧、活动）:
~ (with/over sth) 过分关心不重要（或不必要）的事，或为这种事而瞎忙一气:
fuss |[fʌs]
Auntie Hilda and Uncle Jack couldn't fuss over them enough. 希尔达姨妈和杰克姨父对他们宠爱有加。
When I arrived my nephews made a big fuss of me. 我到达的时候，侄子们围着我嘘寒问暖。         
I'm sorry for making such a fuss about the noise. 对不起，我为吵闹声发了这么大的牢骚。
I kick up a fuss if my wife wants to spend time alone. 如果妻子想要单独呆一会儿我就会大发牢骚。
Steve kicks up a fuss every time I even suggest seeing you. 每次只要我提议看望你，史蒂夫就大吵大闹。
She kicked up a huge fuss when she heard about it. 她听到这事后大吵大闹。
Don't fuss, Mum, everything is all right. 别瞎操心了，妈妈，一切都好。
She made a big fuss about not having a window seat on the plane. 她因没有靠窗的飞机座位而小题大做。
I think it's all a lot of fuss over nothing. 我认为这些都是没事找事。
He does what he's told without any fuss. 他不声不响地按照吩咐办事。
All that fuss over a few pounds! 为几英镑就那么大惊小怪的！
It's a very ordinary movie--I don't know what all the fuss is about (= why other people think it is so good). 这是部很普通的电影——我不懂为什么就轰动一时。
It was all a fuss about nothing. 这完全是无谓地自寻烦恼。
We'd like a quiet wedding without any fuss. 我们喜欢静静举行婚礼，不大事声张。
He just gets down to work without any fuss. 他刚刚静下心来开始工作。
I don't know what all the fuss is about. 我不知道为什么要这样大惊小怪的。
I don't know why everybody makes such a fuss about a few mosquitoes. 我不知道为什么大家对几只蚊子大惊小怪的。
the fuss surrounding the controversial movie 围绕那部有争议的电影的骚动 
Once the fuss has blown over, we'll be able to get on with work as usual.（blow over尤为英式用法）等骚动一平息，我们就能正常工作了。
They left quietly, without a fuss. 他们安静地离开了，没有惊动任何人。
The children were all making a great fuss of the new baby. 孩子们都对这个刚出生的婴儿特别好奇。
The job was done with the minimum of fuss. 这项工作完成得有条不紊。
vi. ~ (around) 
Stop fussing around and find something useful to do! 别瞎忙活了，找点有用的事干！
Don't fuss with your hair! 不要没完没了摆弄你的头发了！
Carol fussed about getting me a drink. 卡萝尔手忙脚乱地要给我弄一杯喝的。
My wife was fussing over the food and clothing we were going to take. 我太太正在忙乱地准备我们要带的食物和衣服。

finally; in the end:终于;到底
at the most basic level:在最基本的层面
ultimately |ˈʌltɪmətli| Adverb/:最终,终究
the largest firms may ultimately become unstoppable:最大的公司最终可能势不可挡
ultimately he has only himself to blame:最终他只能怪他自己

skill at entertaining, theatrical presentation, or performance:娱乐、戏剧表演或表演方面的技能
showmanship |ˈʃəʊmənʃɪp| Noun/:表演技巧,演艺
Bud had a flair for showmanship and understood what the public wanted to see:Bud有表演天赋，了解公众想要看到的东西

vt. 1 决定已安排好的事现在不再发生，如取消、撤销、终止:
2 给一张票或邮票做标记（使其不能被再次使用），如盖销、注销:
vt.＆vi. 表示你不再想履行一项协议（尤指已具有法律效力的协议），如撤销、取消、废除:
cancel |['kænsl]
All flights have been cancelled because of bad weather. 因天气恶劣，所有航班均被取消。
to cancel policy, to cancel subscription 取消保单；取消订阅 
to cancel my order 取消我的订单 
to cancel debts 免除债务 
to cancel within 10 days 在10天内取消

vt.&vi.（尤指通过规章制度、规则）控制、约束、管理:
vt. 调节，控制（机器或系统的速度、压力、温度等）:
regulate |[ˈregjuleɪt]
The activities of credit companies are regulated by law. 信贷公司的业务受法律的制约。
It is up to the regulating authority to put the measures into effect. 应该由管理部门落实这些措施。
The powers of the European Commission to regulate competition are increasing. 欧盟委员会对竞争的监管权越来越大。
The use of these chemicals is strictly regulated. 这些化学品的使用受到严格管制。
Tobacco is a federally regulated product. 烟草是属于联邦监管的产品。
a code of conduct intended to regulate press reporting on the royal family 为管控媒体报道王室信息而订立的一套行为规范
This valve regulates the flow of water. 这个阀门调节水流。
As we get older the temperature-regulating mechanisms in the body tend to become a little less efficient. 随着年龄的增长，人体体温调节机制的功能往往会有所弱化。

vi.（尤指看不清时）仔细看:
n. [usually pl.] 年龄相同的人（此时可称为同辈）；社会地位相同的人:
n. [C] 英国的贵族成员:
peer |[pɪə(r);美pɪr]
We peered into the shadows. 我们往阴暗处仔细瞧。He went to the window and peered out. 他走到窗前仔细往外瞧。
A face was peering down at him. 一张脸俯视下来打量着他。
She peered around the corner. 她躲在拐角处张望。
His pale blue eyes peered anxiously at Vic. 他淡蓝色的眼睛焦虑地注视着维克。
She kept peering over her shoulder. 她不停地回头看。
He peered closely at the photograph. 他聚精会神地端详着相片。
I had been peering at a computer print-out that made no sense at all. 我一直盯着看一张毫无意义的计算机打印稿。
He watched the Customs official peer into the driver's window. 他看见海关官员透过驾驶座车窗仔细地往里看。
academic peer（尤美）学术同行 
She enjoys the respect of her professional peers. 她受到专业同行的尊敬。
peer evaluation, peer review 同行评价；同行评审 
Peer acceptance is particularly important for teenagers. 得到同辈接受，对青少年尤其重要。
Children often take up smoking because of peer pressure. 小孩子经常因为来自同龄人的压力而抽烟。
Peer pressure is strong among young people (= they want to be like other people of the same age). 年轻人受到强大的同辈压力。
children who are much cleverer than their peers 比同龄人聪明许多的孩子 
His engaging personality made him popular with his peers. 他迷人的个性使他深受同龄人的喜爱。
She was rejected by her peer group. 她不被同龄人所接纳。
We have seen several women who can outperform their male peers physically. 我们已经看到好几个女性在体力方面超过她们的男性同龄人。
peer interaction, peer relations, peer relationship 同辈交往；同辈关系 
peer culture 同辈文化 
peer network 同辈网络 
peer rejection, peer victimization 同辈排斥；同辈欺凌 
peer mediation 同辈人调解
Lord Swan was made a life peer in 1981. 斯旺勋爵于1981年受封终身贵族。
Conservative, Labour peer 保守党上议院议员；工党上议院议员 
hereditary peer 世袭贵族 
a peer of the realm（英）世袭贵族

vt.（利用数字来）计算或核算出一个总数、数量、距离等，相当于work out。是此义的常规用词:
vt. 通过利用现有的信息来推测、预测或形成观点，相当于estimate。与conclude的“推断”相比，calculate的“推测”的结果含有更多的不确定性:
calculate |['kælkjuleɪt]
to calculate the volume of the container 计算容器的容积 
Benefit is calculated on the basis of average weekly earnings. 补助金按平均周收入计算。
It’s difficult to calculate precisely what we’ve spent. 要精确计算出我们的花费很难。
mentally calculate 心算
They calculate that many species could be lost in this area. 他们预测很多物种可能会从该地区消失。
to calculate the political consequences 预测政治后果 
He calculated that the others would not dare fight back. 他估计其他人不敢反击。
The incident had been coldly calculated to humiliate him. 这起事件是精心算计好羞辱他的。

nearly, almost:几乎，几乎
by means of virtual reality techniques.:通过虚拟现实技术。
by means of a computer, computationally.:通过计算机，计算。
virtually |ˈvəːtʃʊəli| Adverb/:几乎,实际上
the disease destroyed virtually all the vineyards in Orange County:这种疾病几乎摧毁了橙县的所有葡萄园

make someone or something accept (something) as normal or usual:使某人或某事像平常一样接受（某事）
be used to:习惯
accustom |əˈkʌstəm| Verb/:习惯,习惯了
I accustomed my eyes to the lenses:我的眼睛习惯了镜片
I am not accustomed to having my word questioned:我不习惯让我的话受到质疑

n. [C] 零售商；零售店（可以是一个人，也可用是一家公司）:
retailer |[ˈri:teɪlə(r)]
the country's biggest food retailer 该国最大的食品零售商 
niche（尤英）, specialist（英）, specialty（美）retailer 针对特定顾客的零售商；专业零售商；专营零售商 
high-end（美）, luxury（尤美）, upscale（美）高端零售店；奢侈品零售店；高级零售店 
discount retailer 折扣零售商 
brick-and-mortar（美）, bricks-and-mortar（美）, traditional retailer 实体零售店；传统零售店 
Internet, online, Web 网上零售店 
apparel（美）, clothing, electrical（英）, electronics, fashion, food, furniture, grocery, music, toy retailer 服饰零售商；服装零售商；电器零售店；电子产品零售店；时装零售店；食品零售店；家具零售店；杂货零售店；音乐零售店；玩具零售商 
Furniture and carpet retailers are among those reporting the sharpest annual decline in sales. 据称年销售额下滑幅度最大的零售商中包括家具和地毯零售商。

n. [U] 对某人在某种情况中应该做什么所给出的观点或建议，即建议，特定语境下还有忠告、劝告之意（此时给出的建议具有很强的目的性，建议的提供者对决策人的决策结果具有一定的干预性）。也可指就自己擅长的领域所给予某人的信息（此时建议的提供者具有一定的专业性）:
advice |[əd'vaɪs]
advice on road safety 有关道路安全的建议 
Follow your doctor’s advice. 要遵从医嘱。
to seek legal advice 找律师咨询 
to give sb a piece of advice 给某人一个忠告 
Take my advice. Don’t do it. 听我的劝告，别干这事。

n. [U] ~ (for sb/sth) 钦佩、赞赏:
n. [U] ~ (for sb/sth) 羡慕:
admiration |[ˌædməˈreɪʃn]
I have great admiration for her as a writer. 我十分钦佩她这位作家。
I have the greatest admiration for the nurses. 我最饮佩护士。
I have always had the greatest admiration for him. 我始终对他最为钦佩。
Inwardly, I had a sneaking admiration for them.（sneaking为英式用法）我在心里暗暗地佩服他们。
I'm full of admiration for him. 我对他满怀钦佩之情。/She wrote to him expressing her admiration. 她给他写信，表达钦佩之情。
a dignity that compels admiration 让人不得不钦限的尊严 
The way he dealt with the crisis filled me with admiration. 他化解这场危机的方式让我钦佩不已。
I have nothing but admiration for the way she tackled those bullies. 她对付那些恃强凌弱者的方法令我叹服。
He gained the admiration of thousands of people. 他赢得了成千上万人的钦佩。
As a writer she is certainly worthy of admiration. 作为一名作家，她当之无愧地值得人们尊敬。
He never lost the admiration of his students. 他从未失去学生对他的尊敬。
to watch/gaze in admiration 赞赏地观看/凝视着 
She stared at him in open admiration. 她盯着他看，钦佩之情显露无遗。
He gazed at her with admiration. 他赞赏地凝视着她。
admiration for his work 对他工作的赞赏 
The picture was greeted with gasps of admiration.（a gasp of admiration尤为英式用法）这幅画让大家赞叹不已。
Meg's eyes widened in admiration. 梅格羡慕地睁大了双眼。

adj. 勇敢的:
courageous |[kəˈreɪdʒəs]
a very courageous decision 十分勇敢的决定 
I hope people will be courageous enough to speak out against this injustice. 我希望人们能敢于大胆说出来，反对这种不公。
It was a very frightening experience and they were very courageous. 那是一次让人胆战心惊的经历，而他们表现得非常勇敢。
It was a courageous decision, and one that everybody admired. 那是一个勇敢的决定，也是一个为所有人赞赏的决定。

feeling or showing deference and respect:感觉或表现出尊重和尊重
respectful |rɪˈspɛk(t)f(ʊ)l| Adjective/:尊敬的,尊重的,恭敬的
they sit in respectful silence:他们恭敬地安静地坐着
