make-up						化妆品，性格，组成
reservation					预定，预留，保留意见
apply							申请，适用，应用
demonstrate					示范操作，证明，表露
generation						一代人，产生
chat							聊天
ancient						古代的，年老的
evil							邪恶的，邪恶
indifferent					漠不关心的，一般的
namely						即
effect						结果，效果，实行
in effect						实质上
devote						把...专用于，奉献
appointment					约会，任命，职位
appoint						任命，确定
well appointed					陈设齐全的
resemble						像，类似于
assemble						召集，收集，装配
expressiveness					富有表情，意味深长
visibility						能见度，明显性
distracted						注意力分散的
debt							欠款，人情债
substitute						代替品，替代
insecure						缺乏信心的，无保障的
chap							使...皲裂，小伙子
selective						有选择的，精挑细选的
compensation					补偿
dilemma						窘境
foreseeable					可预见的
inadequacy						不充足，缺点
guarantee						保修单，保证
discrimination					歧视，鉴赏力
\\\\\\\\

n. [sing.] 某人的性格:
n. [sing.] ~ (of sth) 组成成分；构成方式:
n. [U] 化妆品:
n. [C] [尤美] 补考:
make-up |
make-up
Jealousy is not part of his make-up. 嫉妒不是他的本质。
a person's genetic make-up 一个人的遗传性格 
There was some fatal flaw in his makeup, and as time went on he lapsed into long silences or became off-hand. 他的性格有致命的缺陷，随着时间的推移，他陷入了久久的沉默，或者变得漠然。
emotional, mental, psychological make-up 情感特质；精神特质；心理素质 
the unique make-up of each person 每个人的独特性格
make-up
the make-up of a TV audience 电视观众的构成 
the page make-up of a text (= the way in which the words and pictures are arranged on a page)（术语）文本的版面设计 
The ideological make-up of the unions is now radically different from what it had been. 协会的思想观念与过去截然不同。
the chemical make-up of the oceans and atmosphere 海洋与大气的化学构造 
biological make-up 生理结构 
physical make-up 体质
make-up
heavy，thick 浓妆；厚厚的妆 
You don't wear full make-up to go swimming. 游泳不用化盛妆。
light make-up 淡妆 
black, dark make-up 黑色妆；暗色妆 
eye make-up 眼妆 
clown, pancake, stage make-up 小丑妆；厚粉妆；舞台妆 
I never wear make-up. 我从不化妆。
She was checking her make-up in the mirror. 她照镜子查看自己的妆容。
Give me a minute to fix my make-up and I'll drop you off at the mall.（fix尤为美式用法）给我点儿时间修一下妆然后我顺道送你到商场。
a tearful girl with make-up running down her face 脸上的妆都给泪水弄花了的女孩 
make-up artist, make-up girl, make-up man, make-up person 化妆师；女化妆师；男化妆师 
make-up application 化妆品的使用 
make-up brush, make-up sponge 化妆刷；化妆海绵 
make-up remover 卸妆液 
make-up kit 成套化妆工具包 
make-up bag, make-up case 化妆袋；化妆盒 
make-up mirror 梳妆镜 
make-up chair, make-up room 梳妆椅；化妆间 
the make-up effects for the film 电影的化妆效果 
make-up job, make-up work 化妆工作 
He was given an Oscar for his make-up work on the film. 这部电影让他获得奥斯卡最佳化妆奖。
Normally she wore little make-up. 她一般不怎么化妆。
She checked her makeup one last time, and then walked out with a spring in her step. 她最后检查了一下妆容，然后步履轻盈地走了出去。
make-up

n. [C, U] 对一个计划或想法、意见所持有的怀疑态度，即保留意见，怀疑，相当于misgiving:
n. [C] 美国为北美的土著人划出的居留地，保留地，也可用reserve:
n. [C] 对飞机、火车上的座位的预订，对旅馆房间等的预订:
reservation |[͵rezə'veɪʃn]
I have serious reservations about his ability to do the job. 我非常怀疑他有没有能力胜任这份工作。
They support the measures without reservation. 他们毫无保留地支持这些措施。
I have certain reservations regarding several of the clauses in the contract. 我对合同中的几项条款持保留意见。
My one reservation concerns the performance of the vehicle in wet conditions. 我的一个顾虑是车辆在潮湿环境中的性能。
to make a reservation 预订 
airline, flight, travel reservation 航班预订；旅游预订 
hotel, room（美）reservation 旅馆预订；房间预订 
dinner, restaurant（均尤美）reservation 晚餐预订；餐馆预订 
reservation service, reservation system 预订服务；预订系统 
reservation form 预订表格 
Do you have an online reservation? 您有在网上预订吗？
Reservations are recommended. 建议提前预订。

vt.＆vi. apply (to sb/sth) 适用于…:
vt. apply yourself (to sth/to doing sth) 非常努力地工作（或学习、研究某事物）。不太常用:
vi. apply (to sb/sth) (for sth)（通常以书面的形式）提出一个正式请求（以得到一份工作、进入一所大学等），即申请:
vt. 1 apply sth (to sth)（在某种情况中）使用某东西或使某事物运行，如使用，采用:
2 apply sth (to sth) 将油漆、乳剂等涂抹（或敷、施）于一个表面上:
vt. 用手、脚等用力在某事物上按压（以使其运行或对其产生影响）:
vt. 1 apply sth (to sth)（在某种情况中）使用某东西或使某事物运行，如使用，采用:
2 apply sth (to sth) 将油漆、乳剂等涂抹（或敷、施）于一个表面上:
apply |[ə'plaɪ]
Special conditions apply if you are under 18. 18岁以下者按特殊情况处理。
What I am saying applies only to some of you. 我所说的只涉及你们中的一些人。
The word ‘unexciting’ could never be applied to her novels.“乏味”这个词绝对和她的小说沾不上边儿。
These principles apply equally in all cases. 这些法则在所有情况下都可同样适用。
These restrictions do not apply to us. 这些限制对我们不适用。
US companies are subject to international laws and the same applies to companies in Europe. 美国的公司要遵守国际法，这同样适用于在欧洲的公司。
You would pass your exams if you applied yourself. 努力学习就会通过考试。
We applied our minds to finding a solution to our problem. 我们绞尽脑汁寻找解决问题的办法。
to apply for a job, to apply for a passport 申请工作；申请护照 
to apply to a company, to apply to a university 向公司申请；向大学申请 
He has applied to join the army. 他已报名参军。
to apply economic sanctions, to apply political pressure 实施经济制裁；施加政治压力 
The new technology was applied to farming. 这项新技术已应用于农业。
Apply the cream sparingly to your face and neck. 把乳霜薄薄地抹在脸和脖子上。
Apply the insecticide sparingly. 慎用杀虫剂。
Apply the glue evenly over both surfaces. 在两面均匀地涂上胶水。
to apply the brakes 刹车 
Pressure applied to the wound will stop the bleeding. 压住伤口可以止血。
to apply economic sanctions, to apply political pressure 实施经济制裁；施加政治压力 
The new technology was applied to farming. 这项新技术已应用于农业。
Apply the cream sparingly to your face and neck. 把乳霜薄薄地抹在脸和脖子上。
Apply the insecticide sparingly. 慎用杀虫剂。
Apply the glue evenly over both surfaces. 在两面均匀地涂上胶水。

vt.（通过自己的行为来）表示、表达、表现、显露（自己拥有某种品质、感情或观念）:
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 示范、演示（运行的原理、做事的步骤等）:
~ (in favour/support of sth) 集会示威、游行示威（以抗议或支持…）:
vt. ~ sth (to sb)（通过给出证据来）明确地证明、证实:
demonstrate |[ˈdemənstreɪt]
You need to demonstrate more self-control. 你应该表现出更强的自制力。
We want to demonstrate our commitment to human rights. 我们想表明我们对人权的信念。
Have they, for example, demonstrated a commitment to democracy? 例如，他们是否已表现出会致力于民主？
The government's going to great lengths to demonstrate its military might. 该政府正不遗余力地展示其军事力量。
Her job involves demonstrating new educational software. 她的工作包括演示新的教学软件。
The BBC has just successfully demonstrated a new digital radio transmission system. 英国广播公司刚刚成功地演示了一套新的数字无线电传输系统。
He flew the prototype to West Raynham to demonstrate it to a group of senior officers. 他将原型空运到西雷纳姆，向一批高级军官作演示。
vi. ~ (against sth) 
students demonstrating against the war 举行反战示威游行的学生 
They are demonstrating in favour of free higher education. 他们举行示威游行，要求实行免费高等教育。
30,000 angry farmers demonstrated against possible cuts in subsidies. 3万名愤怒的农场主示威抗议可能对农产品补贴进行的削减。
In the cities vast crowds have been demonstrating for change. 在城市里，大批的人群举行示威游行，要求进行变革。
Campaigners were demonstrating against the slaughter of dolphins. 活动人士示威抗议宰杀海豚。
Their objective was to demonstrate peacefully for civil rights. 他们的目标是为公民权利而进行和平示威。
These results demonstrate convincingly that our campaign is working. 这些结果有力地证明，我们的运动正在发挥作用。
Let me demonstrate to you some of the difficulties we are facing. 我来向你说明一下我们面临的一些困难。
His sudden departure had demonstrated how unreliable he was. 他突然离去，这说明他是多么不可靠。
The theories were demonstrated to be false. 这些理论已被证明是错误的。
It has been demonstrated that this drug is effective. 这药已证实是有效的。
The study demonstrates beyond doubt the effectiveness of the new drug. 研究毫无疑问地证明了这种新药的效力。
This tragedy graphically demonstrates the dangers of extreme sports. 这个悲剧活生生地表明了极限运动的危险。
The study also demonstrated a direct link between obesity and mortality. 该研究还表明了肥胖症和死亡率之间存在直接的联系。
You have to demonstrate that you are reliable. 你得证明自己是靠得住的。
The President must demonstrate to the country that he is really in control. 总统必须向全国证明一切确实在他的掌控之下。

n. [C, usually sing.] 一群从事特定活动的年龄相同或相似的人，即一批，一届:
n. [U] …的产生（尤指电、热等的产生）:
n. 1 [C]（某一群体或国家中）大约同时出生的所有人，即一代人，同代人，同辈人（尤指拥有相同的经历或态度）:
2 [C] 孩子们长大、成年并拥有自己的下一代所需的平均时间，即代，一代，一辈（通常认为大约30年）:
3 [C, U]（家史中的）一代，一辈:
n. [C] 指动植物的一代:
n. [C, usually sing.] 产品开发（尤指技术方面的产品开发）中的阶段，即代:
generation |[͵dӡenə'reɪʃn]
a whole generation of fashion school graduates 整整一届时装学校的毕业生
electricity, power generation 发电 
income, revenue generation 收入的获得
older generation 老一辈 
The forest will be preserved for future generations. 为了后代，必须对森林加以保护。
the wisdom of past generations 先辈的智慧 
generation gap 代沟 
a generation ago 一代人以前 
My family have lived in this house for generations. 我家祖祖辈辈都住在这房子里。
stories passed down from generation to generation 世代相传的故事 
a first-generation American 第一代美国人
This kind of apple has been grown for generations. 这种苹果已繁育好几代了。
fifth-generation computing 第五代计算机技术 
a new generation of vehicle 新一代交通运输工具

vi. 在互联网上（尤指在网上聊天室中）与某人交谈或聊天:
n. [C] 互联网聊天:
chat (about sth/sb) 与某人进行友好而非正式的交谈，即聊天，闲谈，闲聊:
n. 1 [C] [尤英] 一种友好的非正式交谈，即聊天:
2 [U] 谈话，尤指非正式的交谈:
chat |[tʃæt]
He’s been on the computer all morning, chatting with his friends. 他整个上午都在网上和朋友聊天。
Internet, live, online chat 网聊；直播聊天；在线聊天
vi. chat (away) (to/with sb) 
to chat on the phone 在电话上聊天 
We chatted briefly about the weather. 我们聊了一会儿天气。
I just called in for a chat. 我只是来聊聊天。
We had a nice chat over a cup of tea. 我们一边喝茶一边愉快地聊天。
I’ll have a chat to John about it. 我会跟约翰聊聊这个。
That’s enough chat from me--on with the music! 我不再多讲了，继续欣赏音乐吧！
They say he’s already married, but it’s just idle chat. 他们说他已经结婚了，不过那只是无稽之谈。
chat show（英）访谈节目 
chat line（通常用chatline）聊天热线

adj. 1 属于过去数千年历史时期的，即古代的，反义词为modern:
2 古老的，很老的，已存在很长一段时间的:
n. [pl.] the ancients 可指生活在古代的人（尤指古代的埃及人、古希腊人、古罗马人或古希伯来人）:
ancient |['eɪnʃənt]
ancient history, ancient civilization 古代史；古代文明 
ancient Greece 古希腊 
an ancient oak tree 古橡树 
ancient monuments 古迹 
ancient Jewish tradition 古老的犹太传统 
He’s ancient--he must be at least fifty!（幽默用法）他太老了——肯定至少有五十岁！

adj.（气味）极令人不悦的:
adj. 恶魔的；受魔鬼影响的；罪恶的；不详的:
adj. 1（人）以伤害别人为乐的；道德上恶劣且残忍的。如恶毒的、邪恶的:
2 危害社会的；道德败坏的:
n. 1 [U] [正式] 邪恶力量:
2 [U] [正式] 坏事、恶行、道德败坏的行为:
n. [C, usually pl.] [正式] 坏的或有害的东西；某事物的害处、弊端:
evil |[ˈi:vl;ˈi:vɪl]
an evil smell 难闻的气味 
Both men were smoking evil-smelling pipes. 两个男人都在抽着难闻的烟斗。
evil spirits 邪灵 
I think this is an evil spirit at work. 我认为这是恶魔在作祟。
According to local folklore it is an evil place. 据当地民间传说，那是个不祥的地方。
an evil man 恶棍 
She's an evil woman. 她是个邪恶的女人。
the country's most evil terrorists 该国最邪恶的恐怖分子 
an evil grin 狞笑 
Kristin smiled a particularly evil smile. 克里斯廷邪恶诡诈地笑了笑。
He believes that all people are basically evil. 他认为人性本恶。
evil deeds 恶行 
the evil effects of racism 种族主义的恶劣影响 
After 1760 few Americans refrained from condemning slavery as evil. 1760年后，很多美国人都在谴责奴隶制的社会危害。
They are setting an evil example for their children. 他们正给孩子们树立道德败坏的反面形象。
the eternal struggle between good and evil 善与恶永不休止的斗争 
not a simple choice between good and evil 并非善恶之间的简单抉择 
There's always a conflict between good and evil in his plays. 他的戏剧中总是有善恶之间的斗争。
the forces of evil 邪恶势力 
You cannot pretend there's no evil in the world. 你不能睁着眼睛瞎说世界上没有罪恶。
We are still being attacked by the forces of evil. 我们仍在遭受邪恶力量的攻击。
the pure evil in his soul 他灵魂中纯粹的邪恶 
the intrinsic evil of taking a human life 杀人这种根本性的邪恶 
duty to defeat the evil of terrorism 战胜恐怖主义恶势力的责任 
He could not, after all, stop all the evil in the world. 毕竟他无法阻止世界上的所有恶行。
those who see television as the root of all evil 那些将电视视为万恶之源的人 
He sees money as the root of all evil. 他将钱财看成是万恶之源。
moral evil 道德的沦丧 
His simple message was that God will punish those that do evil. 他的意思非常简单，上帝将会惩罚作恶者。
You can always choose to resist evil. 人总是可以选择抵制罪恶。
the evils of drugs, the evil of alcohol 毒品的害处；酒的害处 
social evils 社会弊端 
to combat the social evils of poverty, disease and ignorance 跟贫困、疾病和无知等社会弊病作斗争 
Apartheid is even a greater evil. 种族隔离是更大的祸害。
He calls war a necessary evil. 他称战争是"不可避免的灾祸"。
Higher taxes may be a necessary evil. 提高税收可能会很不受欢迎，但却是必要的。
This sort of job is a lesser evil than unemployment. 这种工作聊胜于失业。

adj. [名词前不常用] ~ (to sb/sth)（对某人或某事物）漠不关心的、不感兴趣的:
adj.（水平或质量）不是很好的，即一般的:
indifferent |[ɪnˈdɪfrənt]
The government cannot afford to be indifferent to public opinion. 政府不可不关注舆论。
People have become indifferent to the suffering of others. 人们对别人的痛苦已经变得无动于衷。
the row over the police's indifferent attitude to the killings 严厉谴责警方对杀戮无动于衷的态度 
He appeared～ to her suffering. 他对她的痛苦显得毫不在意。
Alice tried to act indifferent about the incident.（act尤为美式用法）艾丽斯努力做出一副对这一事件毫不在意的样子。
Pat sounded almost indifferent. 帕特听起来几乎毫无兴趣。
Most staff were indifferent about the plans. 大多数员工对这些计划漠不关心。
He was coldly indifferent to other people. 他对别人冷若冰霜。           
an indifferent meal 一般的饭食 
We enjoyed the day, in spite of very indifferent weather.（very尤为英式用法）虽然天气很不怎么样，但那天我们还是玩得很高兴。
She had starred in several very indifferent movies. 她主演过几部表现非常一般的电影。
Much of the food we eat is of very poor or indifferent quality. 我们吃的许多食物质量要么很差，要么很一般。
The festival has the usual mixture of movies--good, bad and indifferent. 电影节的影片一如既往的良莠不齐——有优秀的、低劣的和一般的。
a rather indifferent performance 相当平庸的表演

that is to say, to be specific (used to introduce detailed information or a specific example):即具体（用于介绍详细信息或具体示例）
namely |ˈneɪmli| Adverb/:,也就是说
the menu makes good use of Scottish produce, namely game and seafood:菜单充分利用苏格兰农产品，即野味和海鲜

vt. [正式] 使…发生，实现；官方规定、规划、计划等的实行:
n. 1 [C, U] effect (on sb/sth) 某事物引起的变化，效果，影响，效应。是一个基础和常规用词，最常用:
2 [C, U] 某人（如艺术家或作家）所创造的某种外观、声响或印象，即效果:
n. [C, U] 视觉、听觉等效果:
n. [pl.] [正式] 个人财物或所有物，例如被逮捕或入院治疗时所携带的物品，或死亡时属于其的物品，相当于belongings:
n. [C, U] effect (on sb/sth) 药效，疗效:
effect |[ɪ'fekt]
to effect political change 实现政治改革 
to effect a cure 产生疗效 
to effect a recovery 实现复苏
cause and effect 因果 
the effect of music on children 音乐对儿童的影响 
the beneficial effect of exercise 锻炼的好处 
negative, positive effect 负面影响；正面影响 
The dry weather had an adverse effect on the potato crops. 天气干燥对土豆生长不利。
domino, knock-on effect 多米诺骨牌效应；连锁效应 
the deterrent effect of the death penalty 死刑的威慑作用 
inflationary, greenhouse, corrosive effect 通胀效应；温室效应；腐蚀作用 
curative, calming, placebo effect 治疗效果；镇静效果；安慰剂效应 
The drug exerts a powerful effect on the brain. 这种药物对大脑影响很大。
The medicine started to take effect after a few minutes. 几分钟后药物开始起效。
The air conditioning came on, to little effect. 空调开了，可没什么效果。
The full effects of the new tax have not yet been felt. 还未感受到新税的全面影响。
The new regulations come into effect next month. 新规定下个月开始生效。
Some laws from the 18th century are still in effect. 18世纪的一些法律仍然有效。
The overall effect of the painting is overwhelming. 这幅画的总体效果气势磅礴。
Add a scarf for a casual effect. 再配上一条围巾，显得随意些。
cinematic, dramatic effect 电影效果；戏剧效果 
audio, sound effect 听觉效果；音响效果 
optical, visual, light effect 光影效果；视觉效果；灯光效果 
cinematic effect 电影效果 
audio, sound effect 听觉效果；音响效果 
optical, visual effect 光影效果；视觉效果 
lighting effect 灯光效果
Her son was collecting her effects. 她的儿子正在收集她的个人物品。
The insurance policy covers all baggage and personal effects. 这份保险单为全部行李和个人财产提供保险。
the beneficial effect of exercise 锻炼的好处 
calming, soporific effect 镇静效果；催眠效果 
curative, therapeutic effect 治疗效果 
placebo effect 安慰剂效果 
the effects of alcohol 酒精的作用 
The drug exerts a powerful effect on the brain. 这种药对大脑影响很大。
The medicine started to take effect after a few minutes. 几分钟后药物开始见效。

vt. 1 devote yourself to sb/sth 将你的大多数时间、精力、注意力等给予某人或某事物，具体可称为致力于、献身、专心:
2 devote sth to sth 将一定量的时间、注意力等给予某事:
devote |[dɪ'vəʊt]
She devoted herself to her career. 她全力倾注于自己的事业。
I could only devote two hours a day to the work. 我一天只能在这项工作上花两个小时。

n. [C] [尤英] 责任岗位、职位:
n. [C] appointment (with sb) 正式安排在某个时间去会见或拜访某人（尤指与其工作相关），即约定，预约:
n. [C, U] appointment (as/to sth)对某一职位所进行的任命或委任；被任命或被委任:
appointment |[ə'pɒɪntmənt]
permanent, temporary appointment 永久职位；临时职位 
full-time, part-time appointment 全职职位；兼职职位 
senior appointment 高级职位 
public appointment（英）公职 
cabinet appointment 内阁职位 
executive appointment 行政职位 
university appointment 大学职位
She made an appointment for her son to see the doctor. 她为儿子约定了看医生的时间。
Patients may be charged for missed appointments. 如果爽约，病人可能要付费。
to keep an appointment 准时赴约 
Viewing is by appointment only. 参观必须预约。
hair appointment 理发预约
his appointment as principal 他担任校长的任命

vt. [正式] 常用被动式，安排或确定（时间或地点以做某事）:
appoint sb (as) sth 选择某人去做某项工作（或出任某一职位、承担某一职责），即任命，委任:
appoint |[ə'pɒɪnt]
A date for the meeting is still to be appointed. 会议日期尚待确定。
the appointed time 规定的时间
vt. appoint sb (to sth) 
They appointed him (as) captain of the English team. 他们任命他为英格兰队队长。
A lawyer was appointed to represent the child. 一位律师被指定为这个孩子的代表律师。

vt. 无被动式，看起来像另一个人或事物（或与其相似）:
resemble |[rɪ'zembl]
She closely resembles her sister. 她和她姐姐很像。
So many hotels resemble each other. 许多酒店看上去都差不多。
The plant resembles grass in appearance. 这种植物的外形像草。
The house was designed to resemble a church. 这个房子刻意设计得像教堂。
The meat resembles chicken in texture. 这种肉的肉质类似鸡肉。
a fight for something resembling justice 为正义之类的事业而奋斗 
Neither achieved anything resembling their former success. 他们俩都没有取得以前那样的成就。

vt.&vi. 聚集成一个群体；使人或事物聚集成一个群体:
vt. 装配、组装（如组装家具）:
assemble |[əˈsembl]
Thousands of people, mainly Zulus, assembled in a stadium in Thokoza. 数以千计的人，主要是祖鲁族人，聚集在托考查的一个体育场里。
All the students were asked to assemble in the main hall. 全体学生获通知到大礼堂集合。
There wasn't even a convenient place for students to assemble between classes. 在课间，学生们连一个方便凑在一起的地方都没有。
She then addressed the assembled company (= all the people there). 接着她向全体集合者讲话。
We had assembled for the first rehearsal. 我们集合起来进行第一次排练。
Greenpeace managed to assemble enough boats to waylay the ship at sea. 绿色和平组织设法聚集起足够数量的小船在海上拦截该船。
The French began to assemble an army. 法国人开始组建一支军队。
a hastily assembled force of warriors 紧急召集起来的一队勇士 
The manager has assembled a world-class team. 经理已聚集了一个世界一流的团队。
I've already begun to assemble my team for the job. 我已经开始组建完成这项工作的团队。
to assemble evidence, to assemble data 收集证据；收集数据 
the force that permits atoms to assemble into molecules 使原子结合成分子的力
The shelves are easy to assemble. 搁架容易组装。
The shelves are available in kit form or fully assembled. 架子有组件套装，也有完全组装好了的。
I bought the desk already assembled. 我买了一张早已组装好的书桌。
She had been trying to assemble the bomb when it went off in her arms. 在她试图组装炸弹时，炸弹在她怀里爆炸了。

the quality of effectively conveying a thought or feeling:有效传达思想或感觉的质量
expressiveness |ɪkˈsprɛsɪvnɪs| Noun/:,表达能力
you will be floored by the expressiveness of her eyes:你会被她的眼神所震撼

n. 1 [U]（尤指受到光线或天气影响的）能见度:
2 [U]（情况、问题等的）容易被看见，如可见性、明显性:
n. [U]（情况、问题等的）引人注目的程度:
visibility |[ˌvɪzəˈbɪləti]
Visibility was poor. 能见度很差。
Visibility was down to about 100 metres in the fog. 雾中的能见距离降到了大约100米。
The car has excellent all-round visibility (= you can see what is around you very easily from it). 这辆车四周的视野极好。
We set a course in good visibility and calm seas. 我们确定了一条能见度好、风浪小的航程。
high visibility equipment for cyclists 骑自行车人配备的高可见性的设备
The advertisements were intended to increase the company's visibility in the marketplace (= to make people more aware of their products and services). 那些广告旨在使这家公司在市场中更加引人注目。
The plight of the Kurds gained global visibility. 库尔德人的苦难引起了全球关注。
We aim to raise the visibility of ethnic minorities in our organization. 我们力求使组织里的少数民族更受关注。

adj. ~ (by sb/sth)（由于担忧或想着别的事情而）不能集中注意力的，即注意力分散的、思想不集中的；心烦意乱的:
distracted |[dɪˈstræktɪd]
She had seemed curiously distracted. 她看上去好像心烦意乱,真奇怪。
She seemed less like a poetess than a distracted housewife. 她似乎不像个女诗人，更像一个心烦意乱的家庭主妇。
It's easy to get distracted when you're studying. 学习时很容易走神。
She seemed slightly distracted, as if something was worrying her. 她似乎有点儿心不在焉，好像有什么事困扰着她。
Luke looked momentarily distract. 卢克似平有片刻心不在焉。

n. [C] 常用单数，人情债，恩情:
n. 1 [C] 所欠的一笔钱，即债务:
2 [U] 负债情况，尤指无力偿还的情况:
debt |[det]
to acknowledge debt 承认欠人情 
to repay a debt 还人情债 
I will be forever in Ruth’s debt for the excellent advice she gave me. 露丝给了我很好的建议，我会永远感激她。
We owe a great debt of gratitude to our families for their support. 我们非常感激家人们给予的支持。
credit card debts 信用卡借款 
outstanding debt 未偿债务 
bad debt 呆账 
corporate debt 企业债务 
government debt 政府债务 
national debt 公债 
external debt 外债 
gambling debt 赌债 
debt collection 收债 
debt payment 债务偿还 
debt burden 债务负担 
debt relief 债务免除 
debt crisis 债务危机 
I was deeply in debt at that time. 我当时负债累累。
The company is £4 million in debt. 这家公司负债400万英镑。
to get out of debt 摆脱债务

substitute for sb/sth 代替其他人或事物；用某人或某事物来取代其他人或事物。与replace相比，replace仅为及物动词:
n. [C] substitute (for sb/sth) 用以代替你通常所使用（或所拥有）的一个人或事物，即替代者、替代物:
n. [C] 也可用非正式的sub，一场体育比赛中的一名替补运动员（其代替其他人出场）:
vt.＆vi. 在体育比赛中“替补”出场:
substitute |['sʌbstɪtju:t]
vt.＆vi. substitute A (for B) 
substitute B (with/by A) 
Nothing can substitute for the advice your doctor is able to give you. 大夫所能给你的忠告是无可替代的。
Margarine can be substituted for butter in this recipe. 做这道菜可以用人造黄油代替黄油。
Beckham was substituted in the second half after a knee injury. 下半场贝克汉姆膝盖受伤被换下。
meat substitute 肉的替代品 
Paul’s father only saw him as a substitute for his dead brother. 保罗的父亲只是把他当作他死去的哥哥来看待。
substitute family 收养家庭 
substitute teacher（美）代课老师 
The course teaches you the theory but there’s no substitute for practical experience. 这门课教的是理论，但没有任何东西能代替实践经验。
The local bus service was a poor substitute for their car. 他们坐当地的公交车，这比坐自己的汽车可差远了。
The television is a poor substitute for human companionship. 用电视来代替人的陪伴是很糟糕的。
His teacher acted as a father substitute. 老师替代了他父亲的角色。
The company produces substitutes for engine oil. 这家公司生产机油的替代品。
There’s no substitute for hard work. 无论什么都代替不了努力工作。
He was brought on as (a) substitute after half-time. 他作为替补队员在下半场上场。
He was substituted in the second half after a knee injury. 他在下半场因膝盖受伤被换下。

adj. 缺乏自信的；对自己和别人的关系没有自信的:
adj. 不安全的；无保障的:
adj. 不牢固的:
insecure |[ˌɪnsɪˈkjʊə(r);美-ˈkjʊr]
He's very insecure about his appearance. 他对自己的长相没有信心。
Most mothers are insecure about their performance as mothers. 大多数母亲对自己为人母的表现都不是很自信。
She felt nervous and insecure. 她感到局促不安。
He felt a little insecure about being left alone. 只剩下他一个人，他觉得有些不安。
In effect she is punishing her parents for making her feel threatened and insecure. 实质上她是在惩罚父母，因为他们让她感觉受到威胁，没有安全感。
Cellular phones are inherently insecure, as anyone can listen to and record conversations. 手机天生就不安全，因为任何人都可以听到并录下谈话。
Jobs nowadays are much more insecure than they were ten years ago. 当今的工作比十年前要不稳固得多。
low-paid, insecure jobs 报酬低、无保障的工作 
As an artist he was always financially insecure. 作为一名艺术家，他在经济上总是没有保障。
Insecure doors and windows (= for example, without good locks) make life easy for burglars. 门窗不牢靠方便了窃贼。

n. [C] [英，非正式，正变得过时] 用于对男子的友好称呼，如家伙、伙计:
chap |[tʃæp]
He isn't such a bad chap really. 他这个家伙并不真的这么坏。
She thought he was a very nice chap. 她觉得他是个大好人。
He was a pleasant chap but didn't talk much. 他是个讨人喜欢的家伙，但不怎么说话。
The poor old chap was very shaken by the experience. 这个可怜的老家伙被这次经历给吓坏了。
He's a decent sort of chap. 他是个正派的家伙。

adj. 1 [常用于名词前]（在一个更大的群体中）选择性的、有选择的:
2 ~ (about/in sth) 认真挑选的；严格筛选的:
3（记忆）选择性的，只记一部分的:
selective |[sɪˈlektɪv]
the selective breeding of cattle 牛的选择性培育 
selective strike action 有选择的罢工行动 
selective education 尖子生教育 
You will have to be selective about which information to include in the report. 究竟要把哪些资料收入报告，你得仔细斟酌。
Their admissions policy is very selective. 他们执行严格挑选的录取政策。
a selective school (= one that chooses which children to admit, especially according to ability) 择优录取学生的学校 
The list provided here is necessarily selective. 这份名单当然是经过一番选择的。
He is quite selective about what he studies. 他对学什么内容颇为讲究。
Most of the girls are extremely selective in their choice of boyfriends.多数女孩在选择男朋友时极为挑剔。
Sales still happen, but buyers are more selective. 销量仍在，但购买者更加挑剔。
If public figures seek publicity to further their careers, they can't be selective about it. 如果公众人物想通过吸引公众的关注来推进事业，他们可能会不加选择。
We seem to have a selective memory for the best bits of the past. 我们似乎只记得过去最美好的时光。
The human memory is notoriously selective. 人所共知人类记忆具有选择性。
Mr Robins, suffering from selective amnesia about his role in the affair, was contradicted in nearly every instance by other witnesses. 对于自己在该事件中所扮演的角色，罗宾斯先生患上了选择性失忆症，因此几乎在每次庭审中都会受到其他证人的反驳。

n. [C, usually pl] ~ (for sth) 对不利局面的补偿:
n. [U, C] ~ (for sth) 因自己（或自己拥有的事物）遭到损害所得到的补偿或赔偿，尤指赔偿的金钱；也可指补偿或赔偿的行为:
compensation |[ˌkɒmpenˈseɪʃn;美ˌkɑ:m-]
I wish I were young again, but getting older has its compensations. 我要是能再次年轻就好了，但上了年纪也有上了年纪的好处。
Helen gained some compensation for her earlier defeat by winning the final open class. 海伦在公开组决赛中取胜，这对她早先的失败算是一种补偿。
Despite a reduction in earnings there are compensations in moving to the north-east where the quality of life is excellent. 尽管钱会挣得少一点，搬到生活质量高的东北部去还是有很多好处的。
cash, financial, monetary compensation 现金赔偿；经济补偿；金钱上的补偿 
deferred compensation 延期的赔偿 
unemployment compensation（美）失业补偿 
She got some compensation for damages. 她的损失得到了一些赔偿。
the rules used for determining compensation 用于确定赔偿的规则 
If the government is proved negligent, compensation will be payable. 如果证明是政府的疏忽，就应支付赔偿。
compensation claim 赔偿要求 
compensation committee（尤美）赔偿委员会 
compensation costs 赔偿费用 
compensation fund 赔偿基金 
compensation insurance（尤美）赔偿保险 
compensation order（尤英）
compensation package 有关赔偿的一揽子方案 
compensation payment 赔偿金 
compensation benefits（美）赔偿金 
compensation plan（美）, compensation policy, compensation program（美）, compensation scheme（英）, compensation system 赔偿计划；赔偿政策；赔偿方案；赔偿制度 
compensation law 赔偿法 
compensation consultant, compensation handler（均美）赔偿顾问；理赔员 
She received £7,000 as compensation for her injuries. 她收到7,000英镑受伤赔偿。
to receive £10 000 in compensation 得到赔偿金 1 万英镑 
He received one year's salary as compensation for loss of office. 他得到一年的工资作为失业补偿金。
They will have to pay £5,000 in compensation. 他们得赔偿5,000英镑。
The money was small compensation for unfair dismissal. 这笔钱是对不公平解雇的少量补偿。
compensation from the government 政府做出的赔偿 
There should be compensation for British farmers hit by the slump in demand. 应该给受到需求锐减影响的英国农民提供补偿金。

n. [C] 造成困难的一种处境（即困境），且在这种处境中常不得不在两个同等重要的事情中做出一个非常艰难的选择，可称为进退两难的窘境，相当于predicament:
dilemma |[dɪ'lemə]
moral dilemma 道德上左右为难 
social dilemma 社会的窘境 
political dilemma 政治上的窘境 
They were caught in a real dilemma. 他们陷入了进退两难的境地。
She faced a dilemma about whether to accept the offer or not. 她左右为难，不知道该不该接受这一提议。

able to be foreseen or predicted:能够预见或预测
foreseeable |fəˈsiːəbl| Adjective/:可预见的,可以预见
the situation is unlikely to change in the foreseeable future:情况在可预见的未来不太可能改变

n. [U]（对某种情况）缺乏信心:
n. [U, C, usually pl.] ~ (of/in sth) 不足、缺乏；不够好:
n. [U] 不能胜任:
n. [C, usually pl.] ~ (of/in sth) 弱点、缺陷:
inadequacy |[ɪnˈædɪkwəsi]
his deep-seated sense of inadequacy 他内心那种根深蒂固的不自信
the inadequacy of our resources 我们的资源的贫乏 
inadequacies in educational facilities 教育设施的不足 
the inadequacy of the water supply 水供应不足 
gross inadequacies in the data 数据资料的极端匮乏
The feeling of inadequacy was overpowering. 无法胜任的感觉非常强烈。
He had to face up to his own inadequacies as a father. 他不得不正视自身作为父亲的不足。
The inadequacies of the current system have already been recognized. 人们已经认识到现行体制的不足。
sexual, social inadequacies 性缺陷；社交能力不足 
She rightly points to the inadequacies of the argument. 她恰当地指出了论点的不足之处。
The test soon revealed several inadequacies in the equipment. 检测结果很快就显示出设备的好几处缺陷。
I now see the inadequacies of the explanation. 现在我看到这种解释的不足了。
They possibly falsified the results to cover up the inadequacies of their theory.（cover up尤为英式用法）他们有可能篡改了结果，以掩盖其理论的种种缺陷。
Clear legislative reform is needed to overcome the inadequacies of the current situation. 为了克服当前局势的种种不利，需要进行明确的立法改革。                

n. [C] 公司对自己的商品所附加的保修或包退换凭证，相当于warranty:
vt. guarantee sth (against sth) 对产品的质量做出书面承诺（当产品发生问题的时候给予修理或退换）:
vt.＆vi. 承诺为某事（或为做某事）负法律责任，即担保:
n. [C] 向银行缴纳的保证金或抵押品:
vt.＆vi. 承诺去做某事，或承诺某事将发生:
vt. 使某事必然发生，即确保:
n. 1 [C] 关于你将做某事或某事将要发生的一个坚定的承诺，即保证，担保:
guarantee (that ...) 使其他事件发生的因素:
guarantee |[͵ɡærən'ti:]
All our products come with a two-year guarantee. 我们的所有产品都提供两年质保。
to gives a year’s guarantee for the product 对该产品提供一年的质保 
under guarantee（英）（美用under warranty）处于质保期内 
a full money-back guarantee 全额退款保障 
This product is guaranteed for a year against any quality problem. 本产品如有任何质量问题可保修一年。
We guarantee good quality of our products. 我们保证自身的产品质量良好。
to guarantee to pay sb’s debts 为某人的债务作担保 
to offer sth as a guarantee 拿…作抵押
All rights of the public will be guaranteed. 公众的所有权利将得到保障。
We guarantee to deliver you goods within three days. 我们承诺三天内交货。
I can absolutely guarantee that you will enjoy the show. 我完全可以保证你会喜欢这场演出。
Enough money alone does not guarantee happiness. 仅有足够的金钱并不能确保幸福。
A degree does not automatically guarantee you a job. 获得学位并不一定能保证你找到工作。
The outcome is by no means guaranteed. 结果完全无法保证。
to give a guarantee 做出保证 
to demand guarantees for fair elections 要求确保选举公正 
government, legal guarantee 政府保证；法律保证 
personal guarantee 个人担保 
loan guarantee 贷款担保 
security guarantee 安全保证 
a guarantee of quality 一个保证质量的因素 
There’s no guarantee that I must win the game. 不能保证我一定会赢得这场比赛。
Health is a guarantee of success. 健康是成功的一个保证。
Arriving early is no longer a guarantee of getting a place. 早到已无法确保有位置。

n. [U] discrimination (in favour of sb) 在社会上对某个人或某个团体的偏袒:
n. [U] discrimination (against sb) 在社会上对某个人或某个团体的不公平对待，即歧视:
n. 1 [U] [褒] 对好的、真的、或高的品质的鉴赏力、识别力、判断力:
2 [U, C] [正式] 对事物之间差别的识别和理解能力，即识别力，辨别力；也可指被识别的差别:
discrimination |[dɪs͵krɪmɪ'neɪʃn][dɪs͵krɪmɪ'neɪʃn]
positive（英）, reverse（美）discrimination 特别照顾；逆向歧视 
discrimination in favour of the male 偏袒男性
age, sex, class, racial discrimination 年龄歧视；性别歧视；阶级歧视；种族歧视 
job discrimination 职业歧视 
viewpoint discrimination（美）观点歧视 
Many disabled people suffer discrimination at work. 许多残疾人在工作中遭到歧视。
to show great discrimination in recognizing the talent 慧眼识英才 
She showed great discrimination in rejecting the poor quality teas. 她在剔除劣质茶方面显示出高超的鉴别力。
colour discrimination 色彩辨别力（或颜色差别）
to learn discrimination between right and wrong 学会分辨是非 
fine discriminations 细微差别
