intense					强烈的，紧张的
facilitate					促进，加快
mislead					误导
reassess					重新考虑
response					答复，反应
essay						短文，尝试
stimulate					刺激，促进
dessert					甜点
peaceful					安静的，和平的
regularly					有规律的，经常
fascinate					迷住
durability					耐用，持久
discover					查明，发现
constitute					形成，成为
administrative				行政的
tremble					颤动，担心，震动
ignorant					不知情的，蒙昧的
decorate					装饰，颁授，装潢
acquire					获得，习得
annual					每年的
due						到期的，应有的，适当的，因为
to be due					预期发生
due north					正北
dues						应缴款
situation					情况，位置
archive					档案，存档
incomparable				无与伦比的，完全不同的
perspective				透视法，观点
compete					竞争，比赛
joint						关节，接合处，共同的
overload					使...超载，超负荷
mechanic					技工
distinguish				区分，使得以区分
distinguish right from wrong	明辨是非
distinguish oneself			作为...而享有盛名
\\\\\\\\

adj.（目光）有穿透力的、洞悉一切的:
adj. 1 程度很深的，如极端的、强烈的、剧烈的:
2 严肃的且短时间内有大量活动的，如激烈的:
3（一个人对…）有十分强烈的感情、观点或想法的:
intense |[ɪnˈtens]
I felt so self-conscious under Luke's mother's intense gaze. 在卢克母亲审视的目光下，我感到极不自在。
He gazed at me with those intense blue eyes. 他用那双深邃的蓝眼睛凝视着我。
intense heat, intense cold, intense pain 酷热；严寒；剧痛 
The President is under intense pressure to resign. 总统承受着沉重的辞职压力。
the intense blue of her eyes 她眼睛的深蓝色 
intense interest, intense pleasure, intense desire, intense anger 浓厚的兴趣；十分快乐；强烈的欲望；极端愤怒 
He was sweating from the intense heat. 高温酷热让他大汗淋漓。
Suddenly the room filled with intense light. 突然,刺眼的强光照亮了整个房间。
intense competition 激烈的竞争 
The battle for third place was intense. 第三名的争夺紧张激烈。
It was a period of intense activity. 那是活动激烈的时期。
The military on both sides are involved in intense activity. 双方的武装力量都有密集动作。
an intense look 热切的神情 
He's very intense about everything. 他对一切都很热心。
I know he's an intense player, but he does enjoy what he's doing. 我知道他是个拼命三郎,但他确实喜欢自己所做的事。
She is taller than I imagined, more adult, more intense. 她比我想象的更高、更成熟、更热切。

vt. [正式] 使一个活动或过程（尤指你想发生的事）有可能发生，或使其变得更容易。即促进、促使；使便利:
facilitate |[fəˈsɪlɪteɪt]
The new trade agreement should facilitate more rapid economic growth. 新贸易协定应当会加快经济发展。
The new airport will facilitate the development of tourism. 新机场将促进旅游业的发展。
He argued that the economic recovery had been facilitated by his tough stance. 他认为他的强硬立场推动了经济的复苏。
Structured teaching facilitates learning. 有条理的教导有利于学习。
The use of computers has greatly facilitated the company's ability to keep accurate records. 计算机的运用大大提高了该公司进行精确记录的能力。

~ sb (into doing sth) 误导某人:
mislead |[ˌmɪsˈli:d]
vt. ~ sb (about sth) 
He deliberately misled us about the nature of their relationship. 关于他们究竟是什么关系，他故意给我们留下错误印象。
Jack was furious with his London doctors for having misled him. 杰克对伦敦的医生欺骗自己的行为感到非常生气。
Ministers must not knowingly mislead Parliament and the public. 大臣们不应该故意地误导议会与公众。
She was accused of deliberately misleading commission. 她被指控故意误导委员会。
They were naive and easily misled. 他们很天真，容易受骗。
Statistics taken on their own are liable to mislead. 单纯看统计数据容易被误导。
Parliament has been totally misled about this affair. 议会在这件事情上完全被误导了。
The company misled hundreds of people into investing their money unwisely. 公司误导数百人做了不明智的投资。

consider or assess again, in the light of new or different factors:考虑或再次评估，根据新的或不同的因素
reassess |ˌriːəˈsɛs| Verb/:重新评估,再评估
we have decided to reassess our timetable:我们决定重新评估我们的时间表

n. 1 [C, U] ~ (to sb/sth) 对已发生的事或已说的话作出的反应、回应:
2 [C, U] 生物学上的反应:
n. [C, U] ~ (to sb/sth)（口头的或书面的）回答，答复:
n. [C, usually pl.] ~ (to sb/sth) 礼拜仪式中的人们唱咏或讲话以应答牧师的唱咏或讲话，即答唱咏，启应经:
response |[rɪˈspɒns;美rɪˈspɑ:ns]
The news provoked an angry response. 这条消息引起了人们的愤怒。
My initial response was one of anger. 我最初的反应是愤怒。
Your positive response will reinforce her actions. 你积极的回应会使她的行为更加坚定。
I knocked on the door but there was no response. 我敲了门，可是没有回应。
The product was developed in response to customer demand. 这种产品是为了满足顾客的需要而开发的。
We sent out over 1 000 letters but the response rate has been low (= few people replied). 我们寄出了1 000多封信，但回信寥寥。
Dawn showed no response at all. 唐一点儿反应也没有。
Due to lack of response we have had to cancel the event. 由于没什么人参与，我们只好取消了活动。
Well coordinate emergency responses from now on. 从现在起我们要协调应急响应措施。
In response, she stormed out of the room. 她的反应是怒气冲冲地走出了房间。
The response from local businesses has been muted. 当地商界的反应一直不明确。
He was not getting the desired response from the audience. 他没有从观众那里得到想要的反应。
These images are likely to evoke a strong response in the viewer. 这些图像可能会在观众中产生强烈反响。
my knee-jerk response to the story 我对这个故事不假思索的反应 
behavioural/behavioral, emotional, fight-or-flight response 行为反应；情绪反应；或战或逃的反应 
physiological response 生理反应 
conditioned response 条件反射 
allergic, antibody, immune response 过敏反应；抗体应答；免疫应答 
the immune response to viral infections 病毒感染的免疫应答 
The immune system springs into action to mount a response against the virus. 免疫系统突然开始发挥抵抗病毒的作用。
verbal, written response 口头答复；书面答复 
She made no response. 她没作任何回答。
What was their response to the question? 他们对这个问题是如何答复的? 
In response to your inquiry… 作为对你提出的查询的答复… 
I received an encouraging response to my advertisement. 我的广告宣传有了令人鼓舞的回应。
There has been no response to his remarks from the government. 政府尚未对他的言论作出回应。
The World Bank has postponed an official response to the report. 世界银行推迟了对该报告的正式回应。
incorrect responses in a multiple-choice test 多备选项选择测试中的错误回答 
These are just a few of the possible responses to this question. 这些只是对这个问题的可能回答中的一个。
He has posted his response on the organization's website. 他已经将回复的帖子发到了该机构的网站。

vt. [文学] 企图或尝试（做某事）:
n. [C] [正式] essay (in sth)（关于做某事的）企图，尝试:
n. [C] essay (on sth)（由作家所写的、用于刊登的）短小文章:
n. [C] essay (on/about sth)（学生所写的、关于某一学科的、作为课程作业的）短文:
essay |['eseɪ]
His first essay in politics was a complete disaster. 他初次涉足政坛便碰得头破血流。
an essay on population 一篇关于人口的杂文 
a collection of essays 杂文集 
He concludes the essay by calling for a corrective. 他在文章结尾呼吁采取纠正措施。
an essay about my hometown 一篇关于我家乡的短文 
an essay on the causes of the cancer 一篇关于癌症发病原因的短文 
essay title 文章标题 
essay question 问答题

vt. 促进某事物的发展，使某事物变得更活跃，如促进、激发、激励:
vt. 使人对…感兴趣，使人对…兴奋:
vt. [术语] 促进身体某部位的功能:
stimulate |[ˈstɪmjuleɪt]
An interest rate increase directly stimulates saving and reduces real expenditure. 利率的升高直接刺激储蓄，并减少实际支出。
The economy is recovering, stimulated in part by government spending. 经济正在复苏，部分原因是受政府支出的刺激。
This tax policy is artificially stimulating demand. 这一税收政策将人为地刺激需求。
America's priority is rightly to stimulate its economy. 美国的首要任务自然是刺激经济。
The Russian health service has stimulated public interest in home cures. 俄罗斯的公共医疗服务已经激起了公众对家庭治疗的兴趣。
The exhibition has stimulated interest in her work. 展览增进了人们对她作品的兴趣。
The article can be used to stimulate discussion among students. 这篇文章可用来活跃学生的讨论。
Parents should give children books that stimulate them. 父母应给孩子能启发他们的书。
I was stimulated to examine my deepest thoughts. 我深受启发，开始审视自己内心深处的想法。
The conference stimulated him to study the subject in more depth. 这次会议促使他更深入地研究那个课题。
Bill was stimulated by the challenge. 这个挑战让比尔热情高涨。
Both men and women are stimulated by erotic photos (= sexually). 色情照片对男女都有刺激作用。
activities designed to stimulate the children intellectually 旨在刺激儿童智力的一些活动 
to sexually stimulate, to visually stimulate, to electrically stimulate 在性方面刺激；在视觉方面刺激；电刺激 
Exercise stimulates the digestive and excretory systems. 锻炼能促进消化和排泄系统的活动。
The women were given fertility drugs to stimulate the ovaries. 那些妇女得到了促进卵巢功能的生育药。
The production of melanin in the skin is stimulated by exposure to the sun. 皮肤暴露在阳光下就很容易生成黑色素。

n. [U, C]（一顿饭结束时所吃的）甜食，甜点。是此义的常规用词，也是一个概括性用词（各种甜食都是一种dessert）:
dessert |[dɪ'zə:t]
chocolate, fruit dessert 巧克力甜点；水果甜点 
dessert apple 苹果甜点 
dessert wine 餐末甜酒 
dessert menu 甜点选单 
dessert plate 甜品盘

adj. 没有任何担心或不受任何打扰的，与tranquil同义:
adj. 平静的，安宁的，没有任何担心或不受任何打扰的，与tranquil同义:
adj.（人际关系）和睦的，与peaceable同义:
adj. 1 没有战争、暴力或争论的，即和平的:
2 寻求和平的，不喜欢暴力或争端的，与peaceable同义:
peaceful |['pi:sfl]
He had a peaceful life. 他过着平静的生活。
The time without her in the house had been blissfully peaceful. 她不在房子里的时候大家过得快乐安宁。
peaceful atmosphere, peaceful sleep 宁静的气氛；安静的睡眠 
It’s so peaceful out here in the country. 这里的乡野一切都是那么宁静。
He had a peaceful life. 他过着平静的生活。
The time without her in the house had been blissfully peaceful. 她不在房子里的时候大家过得快乐安宁。
a peaceful society 和谐的社会
peaceful protest, peaceful demonstration, peaceful solution 和平抗议；和平示威；和平解决办法 
We hope for a peaceful settlement of the dispute. 我们希望和平解决争端。
The aims of the organization are peaceful. 该组织的宗旨是追求和平。

with a constant or definite pattern, especially with the same space between individual items:具有恒定或明确的模式，尤其是各个项目之间的空间相同
at uniform intervals of time:以均匀的时间间隔
frequently:经常
on a habitual basis, usually:习惯性地，通常
in a way that follows the normal pattern of inflection:以一种遵循正常变形模式的方式
regularly |ˈrɛɡjʊləli| Adverb/:经常,定期,有规律地
regularly spaced buildings:规则间隔的建筑物
the reunion has taken place regularly every two years:重聚每两年定期举行一次
make a point of regularly consulting the noticeboard:请务必定期查阅布告栏
the person who regularly cuts your hair:经常剪头发的人
a regularly inflected plural noun:a经常变化的复数名词

vt.&vi. 深深吸引某人、迷住某人:
fascinate |[ˈfæsɪneɪt]
China has always fascinated me. 中国一直令我心驰神往。
It was a question that had fascinated him since he was a boy. 这是他自幼就着迷的问题。
Politics fascinated Franklin's father. 政治让富兰克林的父亲着迷。
She fascinated him, both on and off stage. 不管是台上还是台下的她，都让他着迷。
The private lives of movie stars never fail to fascinate. 电影明星的私生活总为人所津津乐道。

the ability to withstand wear, pressure, or damage:承受磨损、压力或损坏的能力
durability |ˌdjʊərəˈbɪlɪti| Noun/:耐用性,持久性
the reliability and durability of plastics:塑料的可靠性和耐用性

vt. 1 成为第一个知道某地或某事物存在的人，即发现:
2 发现隐藏的某人或某事物；或发现本没想到会发现的东西:
3 常用被动式，成为第一个发现某人擅长歌唱、表演等并帮助其成功并出名的人，即发现人才:
vt. 了解到，知道，认识到某事物；查明关于某事物的信息；发现某个事实:
discover |[dɪs'kʌvə]
to discover an island 发现一座岛屿 
to discover a cure for AIDS 寻找治疗艾滋病的方法 
recently discovered evidence 新近发现的证据 
Police discovered a large stash of drugs while searching the house. 警方搜查这栋房子时发现里面藏有一大批毒品。
She was discovered dead at her home. 人们发现她死在家里。
The singer was discovered while still at school. 这个歌唱家在上学的时候就受到赏识了。
It was a terrible shock to discover the full extent of the problem. 发现这个问题如此严重实在令人震惊。
We never did discover why she gave up her job. 我们一直弄不清楚她为什么辞职。
It was later discovered that the diaries were a fraud. 后来查明这些日记是伪造的。
to discover the truth about his disappearance 找出他失踪的真相 
He was later discovered to be seriously ill. 后来才了解到他患了重病。
We soon discovered we’d been mistaken. 我们很快就发现是我们错了。

be (a part) of a whole:成为整体的（一部分）
combine to form (a whole):组合形成（一个整体）
be or be equivalent to (something):be或等同于（某物）
give legal or constitutional form to (an institution), establish by law:赋予（机构）法律或宪法形式，依法设立
constitute |ˈkɒnstɪtjuːt| Verb/:,组成
lone parents constitute a great proportion of the poor:单身父母占贫困人口的很大比例
there were enough members present to constitute a quorum:有足够的成员出席以构成法定人数
his failure to act constituted a breach of duty:他的不作为构成失职
the superior courts were constituted by the Judicature Acts 1873–5:高等法院由185年司法法案组成

relating to the running of a business, organization, etc.:与企业、组织等的运营有关。
administrative |ədˈmɪnɪstrətɪv| Adjective/:行政的,行政,行政管理
administrative problems:行政问题

vi. 非常担心或恐惧:
vi. 轻微颤动或摇曳，相当于quiver:
vi. tremble (with sth) 不能自控地颤抖或哆嗦（尤指由于非常紧张、兴奋、激动、生气、害怕等）:
n. [C, usually sing.]（也可用trembling[C, U]）颤抖、颤栗或哆嗦的一阵感觉、运动或声音:
tremble |['trembl]
I trembled at the thought of having to make a speech. 我一想到要做演讲就发怵。
He was still trembling in fear. 他仍然因恐惧而颤抖。
leaves trembling in the breeze 在微风中摇曳的树叶
trembling hands 颤抖的双手 
My legs were trembling with fear. 我吓得双腿直发抖。
Her voice trembled with excitement. 她激动得声音颤抖。
She was trembling with anger. 她当时正气得发抖。
a tremble of fear 恐惧引起的颤抖 
She tried to control the trembling in her legs. 她竭力控制住颤抖的双腿。

adj. [非正式] 很无礼的、非常不懂规矩的（一些人认为用该词表达此义欠妥）:
adj. ~ (of/about sth) 无知的、不了解的；无学识的、愚昧的:
ignorant |[ˈɪgnərənt]
a rude, ignorant person 粗鲁无礼的人 
I met some very ignorant people who called me all kinds of names. 我碰到了一些非常粗鲁的家伙,他们用各种脏话骂我。
ignorant person, ignorant question 无知的人；无知的提问 
He's ignorant about modern technology. 他对现代科技一无所知。
At that time I was ignorant of events going on elsewhere. 那时我并不了解其他地方发生的事情。
Never make your students feel ignorant. 千万别让你的学生感到自己一无所知。
People don't like to ask questions for fear of appearing ignorant. 人们不喜欢问问题,害怕自己会显得很无知。
Many people are worryingly ignorant of the facts about global warming. 许多人竟然不知道地球变暖的事实,实在令人担忧。
I decided to continue acting ignorant, just to make fun of her. 我决定继续假装不知情，只是为了逗她玩玩。
The general public remained totally ignorant of the danger. 公众对这一危险仍然全然不知。
I wanted to stay ignorant of my fate for a few more precious hours. 我想再多享受宝贵的几小时而不去想自己的命运如何。
We were kept ignorant of the facts. 我们受了蒙蔽，不了解事实真相。
Don't ask Paul. He's completely ignorant. 别问保罗，他完全不知情。
They are simply ignorant, I'm afraid to say. 他们简直就是无知，恐怕我只能这样说了。
We went to bed that night blissfully ignorant of the storm to come. 好在那天我们上床睡觉时对即将来临的暴风雨一无所知。
He was completely ignorant about the country's political system. 他对该国的政治体制一无所知。
We are still woefully ignorant of the causes of this disease. 令人悲哀的是，我们对这种疾病的致病原因仍然一无所知。

vt. 1 decorate sth (with sth) 通过把一些东西添加到某事物上而使该事物看起来更有吸引力，如装饰；装潢。是一个常规用词:
2 被置于某事物上而使该事物看起来更有吸引力，即点缀，装点，相当于adorn:
vt. decorate sb (for sth) 常用被动式，授予某人一个金属勋章或奖章（以表彰其所做过的某事）:
vt.＆vi. [尤英]（将房间或住宅的墙壁或天花板）刷上油漆、贴上墙纸等:
decorate |['dekəreɪt]
They decorated the room with flowers and balloons. 他们用花和气球装饰了房间。
The cake was decorated to look like a car. 这蛋糕装饰得像一辆汽车。
Photographs of actors decorated the walls of the restaurant. 演员的照片装点着餐馆的墙壁。
He was decorated for bravery. 他获授英勇勋章。
the most highly decorated unit in the army 陆军中功勋最为卓著的单位
I hate decorating. 我讨厌粉刷墙壁。
We need to decorate the sitting room. 我们需要将客厅粉刷一下。

vt. 1 [正式]（通过自己的努力、能力或行为表现）获得或得到某事物（本组强调通过努力而“获得”的词有attain、obtain、acquire、secure，有时可互换，不过要注意实际用法中可能存在的其它细微差别）:
2 [正式] 通过被给予而得到某事物:
vt. [正式] 常指“购买”贵重物品或资产，尤指“收购”公司、股份或“购买”土地、马匹等:
vt. [正式]（通过自己的努力、能力或行为表现）学到:
acquire |[ə'kwaɪə]
She has acquired a good knowledge of English. 她英语已经学得很好了。
He has acquired a reputation for dishonesty. 他得到了奸诈的名声。
I have recently acquired a taste for olives. 我最近开始喜欢吃橄榄了。
I’ve suddenly acquired a stepbrother. 我突然有了一个继兄弟。
The company has just acquired new premises. 该公司刚购得新办公楼。
She has acquired a good knowledge of English. 她英语已经学得很好了。

adj. 1 常用于名词前，每年一次的，一年一度的:
2 常用于名词前，（数量或率）与一年的时间有关的，即一年的:
n. [C] 一年生植物；一个季度生植物（即一季生植物）:
n. [C] 每年出版一次的书籍或杂志（每次的标题相同，但内容不同），即年鉴，年刊:
annual |['ænjʊəl]
annual meeting, annual event, annual report 年会；一年一度的大事；年度报告 
annual income, annual sales, annual budget 年度收入；年度销售额；年度预算 
annual rainfall 年降雨量 
an average annual growth rate of 8% 平均8%的年增长率
to sow annuals 栽种一年生植物
my high-school annual 我的中学年鉴

adj. 正式用法，指在某种条件下合适的，适当的，只作前置定语:
adj. due to sth/sb 因为，由于。既可用于系动词后，也可用于句子中间起连接作用:
due (for sth) 被安排的，被预期的，不用于名词前:
adv. due north/south/east/west指正向着，正对着某个方向:
n. [U] sb’s due 在权利上应归属于某人的东西:
adj. due (for) sth 应得到，应有，不用于名词前:
n. [U] 复数形式dues可表示有义务缴纳的“费用”（强调一种义务性），例如俱乐部的会员费:
adj. 1（欠款）到期的，到了偿还的时候的，通常不用于名词前:
2 due (to sb)（欠款）应支付的，应偿还的，不用于名词前:
due |[dju:]
He was charged with driving without due care and attention.（英）他被控鲁莽驾驶。
due consideration 适当考虑 
to make due allowance for sth 适当考虑某事
The team’s success was largely due to her efforts. 这个队的成功在很大程度上是她努力的结果。
Most of the problems were due to human error. 多数问题都是人为失误造成的。
The project had to be abandoned due to a lack of government funding. 这项工程由于缺乏政府的资助而不得不放弃。
adj. due (to do sth) 
When’s the baby due? 宝宝什么时候出世？
Rose is due to start school in January. 罗斯一月份就要开始上学了。
The band’s first album is due for release later this month. 这个乐队的第一张唱片预定在本月下旬发行。
The next train is due in five minutes. 下一班火车预计在五分钟后抵达。
My essay’s due next Friday (= it has to be given to the teacher by then).（尤美）我的论文下周五必须交。
to sail due east 向正东航行 
The village lies five miles due north of York. 这个村庄位于约克正北五英里处。
He received a large reward, which was no more than his due. 他得到重赏，这也是他应该得到的。
She’s a slow worker, but to give her her due (= to be fair to her), she does try very hard. 她做事很慢，但说句公道话，她确实很卖力。
I’m still due 15 day’s leave. 我还应有15天的休假。
She’s due for promotion soon. 她很快就该升职了。
to pay your dues 交你的会费
Payment is due on 1 October. 付款期限为10月1日。
Have they been paid the money that is due to them? 他们应得的钱付给他们了吗？
Our thanks are due to the whole team. 我们要向全队致谢。


dues | 会费,应付款

n. [C] [旧时或正式] 工作岗位:
n. [C] [正式]（一栋建筑物或一个城镇的）某种地理位置或某种环境:
n. [C] 所有的条件和发生在某时某地的所有事情，具体可称为情况、形势、局面、状况:
situation |[͵sɪtʃu'eɪʃn]
Situations Vacant 招聘（用于报刊中的招聘广告栏）
The town is in a delightful situation in a wide green valley. 小城坐落在一个宽阔而草木苍翠的河谷中，环境宜人。
to be in a difficult situation 处境困难 
embarrassing situations 尴尬局面 
general situation 总体情况 
current situation 时局 
international situation 国际形势 
actual, concrete situation 实际情况；具体情况 
dangerous situation 危险形势 
emergency situation 紧急情况 
employment situation 就业形势 
economic, political, security situation 经济形势；政治形势；安全形势 
strategic situation 战略局势 
conflict, war situation 冲突局势；战争形势 
In your situation, I would look for another job. 假如我是你的话，我会另找工作。

a collection of historical documents or records providing information about a place, institution, or group of people:提供关于一个地方、机构或一群人的信息的历史文件或记录的集合
the place where historical documents or records are kept:保存历史文件或记录的地方
a complete record of the data in part or all of a computer system, stored on an infrequently used medium.:计算机系统部分或全部数据的完整记录，存储在不常用的介质上。
place or store (something) in an archive.:放置或存储（某物）在档案中。
transfer (data) to a less frequently used storage medium such as magnetic tape:传输（数据）到不太常用的存储介质，如磁带
archive |ˈɑːkʌɪv| Noun/Verb/:档案,存档
source materials in local archives:本地档案中的源材料
they were allowed to study in the archives:他们被允许在档案馆学习
the entire directory will be archived:整个目录将被归档

without an equal in quality or extent, matchless:在质量或范围上没有平等，无与伦比
unable to be compared, totally different:无法比较，完全不同
incomparable |ɪnˈkɒmp(ə)rəbl| Adjective/:无与伦比,无可比拟的
the incomparable beauty of Venice:威尼斯无与伦比的美景
censorship still exists, but now it's incomparable with what it was:censorship仍然存在，但现在已经无法比拟

n. [C] ~ (on sth) 对某事的某种态度，思考…的一个方法，可称为视角、观点。尤指受到自己的信仰和经历影响而产生的看待问题的视角:
n. [C] 景观，尤指在其中可以看到远处的景观:
n. [U] 理智地思考问题或做决策的能力:
n. [U] 绘图中的透视法:
perspective |[pəˈspektɪv;美pərˈs-]
cultural, political, social, theoretical perspective 文化视角；政治视角；社会视角；理论视角 
The book adopts a historical perspective. 这本书是从历史的视角来写的。
a feminist perspective in philosophy 女性视角下的哲学 
multicultural education based on a global perspective 基于全球视角的多元文化教育 
His experience abroad provides a wider perspective on the problem. 他在国外的经历使他以更广阔的视角看待这个问题。
This website puts a completely different perspective on world news. 这个网站从一种截然不同的视角出发解读国际新闻。
This latest study explores stress from a unique perspective. 这项最新研究通过一个独特的视角探讨压力。
stories told from multiple perspectives 从多个角度讲述的故事 
personal perspective 个人视角 
Try to see the issue from a different perspective. 试以不同的角度看待这件事。
a report that looks at the education system from the perspective of deaf people 从聋人的角度看待教育制度的一份报告 
The author brings a balanced perspective to these complex issues. 笔者给这些复杂的问题带来了一个平衡协调的观点。
We should view this from the perspective of the people involved. 我们应该设身处地地看待这件事。
a shift in perspective 视角的转换 
The death of his father has given him a new perspective on life. 父亲的去世让他对人生有了新的认识。
When you reach middle age, you get a different perspective on life. 人到中年，就会从不同的角度认识生活。
a perspective of the whole valley 山谷全景
a sense of perspective 洞察力 
Remember to keep things in perspective. 记住要客观看待事物。
Try to keep these issues in perspective. 要尽量恰当地处理这些问题。
Talking to others can often help to put your own problems into perspective. 跟别人谈谈往往有助于正确看待自己的问题。
Let's get this into perspective. 我们要客观看待这一点。
Her death put everything else into perspective. 她的死使人们开始正视所有其他事情。
It is important not to let things get out of perspective. 重要的是不要把事情轻重倒置。
It's easy to lose perspective on things when you are under stress. 在压力下容易对事情做出错误判断。
the laws of perspective 透视法则 
horizontal, vertical perspective 水平透视法；垂直透视法 
distorted perspective 扭曲的透视效果 
We learnt how to draw buildings in perspective. 我们学习如何用透视法画建筑物。
That tree is out of perspective. 那棵树画得不成比例。

vi. 1 compete (with/against sb) (for sth)（与…）竞争，对抗，争夺。是一个基础用词，含义极广:
2 compete (in sth) (against sb) 参加比赛或竞争:
vi. compete (in sth) (against sb) 参加体育比赛:
compete |[kəm'pi:t]
to compete with the bank 与那家银行竞争 
to compete for the contract 为得到那份合同而竞争 
Their products compete directly with ours. 他们的产品与我们的构成直接竞争。
to compete against professional athletes 与职业运动员同台竞技 
The boy is competing for her attention. 那个男孩子正在她面前争宠。
Animals in the wild have to compete for food. 野生动物不得不为食物竞争。
I will be competing in the 100-metre race. 我将参加100米比赛。
to compete actively in the global system 在全球体系中积极竞争
I will be competing in the 100-metre race. 我将参加100米比赛。

n. [C] 一个物体的（尤指构成角的）接合处、接头（可以将两个或多个部分连接起来）:
adj. [只用于名词前]（两人或两个以上的人）联合的、共同的:
n. [C] [英]（适于烧烤的）大块肉；一块烤肉:
n. [C] [非正式]（尤指价格低廉的）人们吃喝、跳舞等的一个酒吧:
n. [C] [非正式]（尤指价格低廉的）人们吃喝的一个地方:
vt. 把肉切成大块（通常带骨）:
n. [C] [非正式]（尤指价格低廉的）人们吃喝、跳舞等的一个地方:
n. [C]（身体的）关节:
n. [C] [非正式] 含有大麻的一种香烟:
joint |[dʒɔɪnt]
watertight joint 水密接缝 
a joint between two lengths of copper 两段铜管之间的接缝 
a joint account (= a bank account in the name of more than one person, for example a husband and wife) 联合账户 
She and Frank had never gotten around to opening a joint account. 她和弗兰克还没有抽出时间去开联名账户。
Jackie and Ben came to a joint decision as to where they would live. 关于他们将住哪里是杰姬和本共同决定的。
The report was a joint effort (= we worked on it together). 这个报告是大家共同努力的结果。
They finished in joint first place. 他们获得并列第一。
They were joint owners of the house (= they owned it together). 他们共同拥有这栋房子。
bacon joint 熏肉块 
a joint of beef 一大块（带骨）牛肉 
a joint of lamb 一大块（带骨）羔羊肉 
a joint of pork 一大块（带骨）猪肉 
the Sunday joint (= one traditionally eaten on a Sunday) 礼拜天吃的大块烤肉
juke joint（备有自动点唱机的）廉价酒吧
barbecue, burger, fast-food, hamburger, pizza joint（均尤美）烧烤店；汉堡店；快餐店；比萨饼店
strip joint 脱衣舞夜店 
They had come to the world's most famous pick-up joint. 他们来到了全世界最有名的寻花问柳之地。
elbow, hip, knee joint 肘关节；髋关节；膝关节 
aching, achy（尤美）, inflamed, painful, sore, stiff, swollen joint 疼痛的关节；发炎的关节；僵硬的关节；肿胀的关节 
artificial joint 人工关节 
inflammation of the knee joint 膝关节发炎 
Her joints ache if she exercises. 她一运动关节就疼。
He's going to have his hip joint replaced. 他准备接受髋关节置换。
He dislocated his elbow joint. 他的肘关节脱臼了。
Synovial fluid lubricates the joints. 滑液能润滑关节。
It is an inflammatory condition affecting the joints. 这是一种影响关节的炎症。 
He slowly stood up, joints creaking in protest. 他慢慢站起身来，关节发出嘎巴嘎巴的抗议声。
The joint should be able to move freely. 关节应该能活动自如。
You have fluid in the joint. 你这个关节部位有积液。
the joint between the lower and upper parts of the arm 小臂与大臂之间的关节 
She fell and put her knee out of joint.（英）她跌倒了，膝关节脱了臼。

vt. [常用被动式] 使某事物承担过大的重量:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (with sth) 使某人负担过重:
vt. [常用被动式] 使（计算机、电路系统等）超载运行、超负荷:
n. [U, sing.] 过多、过量、超负荷:
overload |[ˌəʊvəˈləʊd;美ˌoʊvərˈloʊd]
an overloaded truck 一辆超载的卡车 
Don't overload the boat or it will sink. 别超载，否则船会沉。
Large meals overload the digestive system. 吃得太饱会加重消化系统的负担。
He's overloaded with responsibilities. 他担负的责任过多。
Don't overload the students with information. 不要给学生灌输过多的信息。
an effective method that will not overload staff with yet more paperwork 不会再以更多的文书工作加重员工负荷的有效办法 
Their staff are heavily overloaded with work. 他们的职员超负荷工作。
Never overload an electrical socket. 千万不要使电源插座过载。
In these days of technological change we all suffer from information overload. 在这科技日新月异的时代，过多的信息使人人都应接不暇。

n. [pl.] the mechanics可指（过程、系统、动作等的）运作方式；执行（过程、系统、动作等的）方法:
n. [pl.] the mechanics可指（过程、系统、动作等的）运作方式；执行（过程、系统、动作等的）方法:
n. 1 [U] mechanics可指力学:
2 [U] mechanics可指机械学:
n. [C] 修理机器（尤指车辆引擎）的人，如机械师、机械修理工:
mechanic |[məˈkænɪk]
The exact mechanics of how payment will be made will be decided later. 确切的付款方法以后再作决定。
What are the mechanics of this new process? 这一新工序如何操作？
The mechanics of the job, however, have changed little since then. 不过，工作流程从那以后就几乎没有任何变化。
We need to discuss the actual mechanics of the operation. 我们需讨论行动的细节。
The mechanics of creating a link are relatively simple. 创建链接的方法比较简单。
Only he understood the complicated mechanics of his business. 只有他明白自家生意的复杂运作方式。
The exact mechanics of how payment will be made will be decided later. 确切的付款方法以后再作决定。
What are the mechanics of this new process? 这一新工序如何操作？
The mechanics of the job, however, have changed little since then. 不过，工作流程从那以后就几乎没有任何变化。
We need to discuss the actual mechanics of the operation. 我们需讨论行动的细节。
The mechanics of creating a link are relatively simple. 创建链接的方法比较简单。
Only he understood the complicated mechanics of his business. 只有他明白自家生意的复杂运作方式。
celestial, classical, fluid, Newtonian, quantum, statistical mechanics 天体力学；经典力学；流体力学；牛顿力学；量子力学；统计力学 
the other great theory of 20th-century physics, quantum mechanics 20世纪物理学的另一个伟大理论——量子力学 
He has not studied mechanics or engineering. 他没有学习过力学和工程学。
the school's car maintenance department where students learn basic mechanics 该校学生可以学习基础机械学的汽车保养系
skilled mechanic 熟练技工 
chief mechanic 首席技师 
auto（美）, car（尤英）, garage, motor（尤英）mechanic 汽车修理工；修车厂技工 
If you smell gas fumes or burning, take the car to your mechanic. 如果你闻见汽油冒烟或燃烧的异味，应把车送修。
An elevator mechanic can work the machinery directly by turning this lever. 电梯修理工可以转动这根杠杆直接操作机器。

vt. distinguish yourself (as sth) 将某事做得如此好，以致于人们注意并仰慕你，如使著名:
distinguish A from B 辨别两个人（或事物）之间的差异，即区分，辨别，相当于differentiate。是一个常规用词:
vt. distinguish A (from B) 成为使两个人（或动物、事物）相互区分开的特征，如使有别于…:
vt. 能够听到某事物，相当于differentiate或make out:
vt. 能够看到某事物，相当于differentiate或make out:
distinguish |[dɪs'tɪŋɡwɪʃ]
She has already distinguished herself as an athlete. 作为运动员她已享有盛名。
vt.＆vi. distinguish (between) A and B 
to distinguish between right and wrong 明辨是非 
The plant can be readily distinguished. 这种植物很容易识别。
to distinguish between cause and effect 区分因果 
to distinguish between fact and fiction in this book 分辨书中的真实内容和虚构内容 
She could not distinguish one child from another. 她无法把这两个孩子区分开。
What was it that distinguished her from her classmates? 是什么使得她有别于班上其他同学呢？
distinguishing marks 区别性的标记
I could not distinguish her words, but she sounded agitated. 我听不清她说的话，但听得出她紧张不安。
