vote							票，投票，建议，同意
everlasting						永恒的
construction					建造，构思，装配，解释
aggressive						好斗的，挑衅的，积极强硬的
classification					分类，类别
melt							融化，变软，融合
detect						查明，发现
discourage						使灰心，阻拦
combination						混合体，组合
combination lock					密码锁
grave							坟墓，严重的
malfunction						发生故障，故障
reduce						减少，降低，缩短，迫使
respectively					各自
forefinger						食指
wise							聪明的，博学的，知情的
background						背景，不显著的位置
symbol						符号，象征
quality						质量，性质，优质
downfall						衰落，大阵雨
ring							戒指，环状物，圈，环绕，铃声
planet						行星
pension						养老金
perception						感觉，洞察，看法
facility						场所，特色服务，便利，才能
with facility					不费力的
proportion						部分，比例，均衡
in proportion					成等比的
proportions						规模
involve						需要，影响，使参与，吸引
attempt						企图
conventional					传统的
detailed						详细的，精细的
\\\\\\\\

vt.＆vi. 说出某事物是好还是不好，即表明评判结果:
vt.＆vi. 提议…，或支持某人的一个提议。具有一定的表决色彩。不太常用:
n. 1 [C] vote (for/against sb/sth) 选票，其本质是为了推举某人或为了做某事而在一场选举或会议中所做的一个正式决定:
2 [C] vote (on sth) 一群人进行投票或表决的场合:
3 [C] the vote为单数名词，指在一场选举中的选票总数、投票总数或某一政党的得票总数:
4 [C] the vote为单数名词，（尤指在政治选举中的）投票权（或选举权、表决权）:
vote (on sth) 用投票或举手的方式来表决（以表示赞成或反对）:
2 通过投票来推举…当选，或表决授奖给…，常用被动式:
3 通过投票来同意给予某人…:
vote |[vəʊt][vəʊt]
The event was voted a great success. 大家认为这项活动很成功。
I vote (that) we go out to eat. 我提议我们到外面去吃饭。
There were 21 votes for the motion. 这项动议有21票赞成。
majority vote 多数票 
unanimous vote 全体一致的表决 
close vote 势均力敌的投票 
affirmative, favourable/favorable, yes vote 赞成票；支持票 
negative, no vote 反对票；否决票 
to court the military vote 争取军方的选票 
to have/take a vote on an issue 就一问题进行表决 
The vote was unanimous. 表决一致通过。
Members are elected by direct vote. 成员均通过直接投票选出。
She obtained 40% of the vote. 她获得40%的选票。
the share of the vote 得票份额 
the student vote 学生的投票总数 
the Labour vote 工党得票总数 
to get the vote 获得选举权 
vt.＆vi. 1 vote (for/against sb/sth) 
to vote for 投赞成票 
to vote on the issue 就该问题进行表决 
to voted Democrat 投民主党的票 
to vote to do sth 表决去做某事 
He was voted the most promising new director. 他当选为最有前途的新导演。
to vote sb a pay increase 投票同意给某人涨工资

lasting forever or a very long time:永久或很长一段时间
eternity.:永恒。
a flower of the daisy family with a papery texture, retaining its shape and colour after being dried, especially a helichrysum.:雏菊科的一种花，具有纸质质地，干燥后保持其形状和颜色，尤其是蜡菊。
everlasting |ˌɛvəˈlɑːstɪŋ| Adjective/Noun/:永恒的,永远
the damned would suffer everlasting torment:该死的将遭受永远的折磨

n. [U]（交通工具、机器等的）制造:
n. [U, C] 某事物（如某个体系、理论、理念、观点、知识等的）创立:
n. [C] [正式]（对字词、行为、陈述等含义的）理解方式，相当于interpretation:
n. [U] 建造或制造（某事物的）结构的方式，即构造。如果说framework强调起支撑作用的总体“框架”，那么construction则强调所有的内外结构:
n. [U]（房屋、工厂、道路、桥梁等的）建造，建筑或施工:
n. [C] [正式]（建筑或结构意义上的）建造物，构造物:
n. [C] 用字词来构造句子、短语等的方式，即语法结构:
construction |[kən'strʌkʃn]
to have rich experience in the construction of the type of equipment 在制造这种设备方面拥有丰富的经验
the construction of a just system of criminal justice 公正的刑事司法体制的建立 
the construction of a new theory 新理论的创立
What construction do you put on this letter? 你对这封信如何理解？
furniture of sound construction 构造很好的家具 
ships of steel construction 钢结构船 
walls of solid construction 构造坚固的墙 
The drainage system needs careful construction. 排水系统需要精细的构造。
bridge, building, canal, road construction 桥梁建设；房屋建设；运河建设；道路建设 
house construction 住房建设 
the construction of the airport, school and factory 机场、学校和工厂的建设 
construction company 建筑公司 
construction project 建筑工程 
construction contract 建筑合同 
construction materials 建筑材料 
construction technique 建筑技术
a steel and glass construction 一座钢筋玻璃建造物 
wooden construction 木结构建筑 
concrete, wooden construction 混凝土建筑；木结构建筑 
a schoolhouse of brick construction 用砖砌成的校舍 
grammatical, linguistic, sentence construction 语法结构；语言结构；句子结构 
complex verbal constructions 复杂的动词结构 
active, passive construction 主动结构；被动结构

adj. 为了成功而用决心和力量去做事的，即（人）有进取心的，有闯劲的，好强的，志在必得的，或（活动）声势浩大的:
adj. 好斗的，挑衅的，富有攻击性的，侵略的:
aggressive |[ə'ɡresɪv]
an aggressive advertising campaign 一场声势浩大的广告宣传活动 
the company’s highly aggressive marketing techniques 该公司极富进取精神的营销技巧 
A good salesperson has to be aggressive in today’s competitive market. 在当今竞争激烈的市场上，一个好的销售员应该有进取精神。
Watching violence on TV makes some children more aggressive. 看暴力电视节目使一些孩子变得更具攻击性。
Her mood became openly aggressive. 她变得火药味十足。
He gets aggressive when he’s drunk. 他喝醉了就喜欢寻衅滋事。
verbally aggressive 用语言攻击的 
His dog was aggressive toward strangers. 他的狗对陌生人很凶。

n. [C] 被分出来的类别、等级:
n. 1 [U] 对人或事物的分类、归类、分级:
2 [U] [生物学]（动植物等的）分类学、分类法:
3 [C] [术语]（图书馆的书、磁带、杂志等的）分类系统，编目:
classification |[ˌklæsɪfɪˈkeɪʃn]
Its tariffs cater for four basic classifications of customer. 它的价目表适合四个基本类别的顾客。
The rooms are of the standard expected from a hotel in a higher classification. 这些房间够得上更高档宾馆的标准。
a style of music that defies classification (= is like no other) 独特的音乐风格 
a style of dancing that defies classification 一种难以归类的舞蹈风格 
racial, social classification 种族分类；社会等级 
job classification 职位类别 
security classification 保密等级 
a document with the security classification 'confidential' 密级为"机密"的文件 
classification scheme（英）, classification system 分类法；分类体系 
the broad classification of music into classical and pop 把音乐分成古典音乐和流行音乐的粗略分类 

vt.（使）心软化，即变得更有爱心或同情心:
vi. ~ into sth 逐渐融入（黑暗、人群等）；与…融为一体:
vt.&vi.（使）情绪、气氛等缓和:
vt.&vi.（使）情绪、气氛等缓和、消失、消散、平息:
n. [C]（带鱼或肉的）奶酪三明治:
vt.&vi.（使）因加热和变成液体，即（使）熔化、融化:
melt |[melt]
Her trusting smile melted his heart. 她那信任的微笑使他的心变软了。
When his lips break into a smile, it is enough to melt any woman's heart. 他粲然一笑就足以让任何女人心软。
When a bride walks down the aisle to a stirring tune, even the iciest of hearts melt. 当新娘伴着激动人心的乐曲走在教堂的走廊上时，即便最冰冷的心都会融化。
The youths dispersed and melted into the darkness. 年轻人散开了，消失在夜幕之中。
The squadron's armour is draped in sand-coloured nets that melt into the landscape. 装甲连的装甲车上罩着沙色的网，和周围的风景融为一体。          
The tension in the room began to melt. 屋里的紧张气氛开始缓和。
The tension in the room began to melt. 屋里的紧张气氛开始缓和。
His anxiety about the outcome melted, to return later but not yet. 他对未知结果的焦虑消散了，这种焦虑过后还会袭上心头，但至少现在还没有。
He would have struggled but his strength had melted. 他本欲作一番挣扎，却已力不从心。
a tuna melt 金枪鱼奶酪三明治
The snow showed no sign of melting. 雪没有一点融化的迹象。
melting ice 正在融化的冰 
The sun had melted the snow. 阳光融化了积雪。
First, melt two ounces of butter. 先熔好两盎司黄油。
The snow had melted, but the lake was still frozen solid. 雪已经融化了，但是湖面上仍然冻得结结实实的。
The car was wet with melting frost. 汽车被融化的霜弄得湿漉漉的。
Meanwhile, melt the white chocolate in a bowl suspended over simmering water. 同时，把碗置于微沸的水上，将白巧克力放入碗中使其熔化。

vt. 侦测、发现、查明某事（尤指难以发现或查明的事）:
vt. 觉察、发觉（难以发觉的…）:
detect |[dɪˈtekt]
The tests are designed to detect the disease early. 这些检查旨在早期查出疾病。
Some cancers can now be cured if they are detected early. 现在有些癌症如果能早期发现是可以治愈的。
an instrument that can detect small amounts of radiation 能检测微量辐射的仪器 
Some substances can be detected fairly easily. 有些物质可以相当容易地检测出来。
a machine that is sensitive enough to detect tiny amounts of explosives 灵敏度足以检测出微量炸药的机器 
The test failed to detect any illegal substances. 检验未能检出任何非法物质。
a means of detecting sth 检测…的手段 
Arnold could detect a certain sadness in the old man's face. 阿诺德能觉察到老人脸上的一丝悲伤。
Do I detect a note of criticism? 这好像带有批评的口吻吧？

vt. discourage sb (from doing sth) 使某人对做某事不再那么有信心或有热情，如使灰心，使泄气，使丧失信心，相当于dishearten:
discourage sb from doing sth 尝试去阻止某事或阻止某人去做某事（尤指通过使该事情变得困难或表明你不同意做这件事）:
discourage |[dɪs'kʌrɪdӡ]
Don’t be discouraged by the first failure--try again! 不要因第一次失败就灰心丧气——再试一次吧！
The weather discouraged people from attending. 这天气使得人们不愿意出席。
vt. discourage sth 
a campaign to discourage smoking among teenagers 一场劝阻青少年吸烟的运动 
I leave a light on when I’m out to discourage burglars. 我出门时开着灯以防夜盗闯入。
Our system effectively discourages investment. 我们的体制可以有效地抑制投资。
We tried to discourage him from resigning. 我们试图劝他不要辞职。
I’m not easily discouraged. 我不会轻易泄气的。

n. 1 [U] 将两个或两个以上的事物结合或混合以形成一个整体的行为，即结合；联合:
2 [C] 结合体；联合体:
混合体:
3 [C]（用于开密码锁的）数字组合或字母组合:
n. 1 [U] 混合:
2 [C] 混合体:
n. [pl.] [英] combinations可指旧时的连裤内衣:
combination |[ˌkɒmbɪˈneɪʃn;美ˌkɑ:m-]
the combination of science and art 科学与艺术的结合 
The firm is working on a new product in combination with several overseas partners. 这家公司与几家海外合伙人在联合开发新产品。
His treatment was a combination of surgery, radiation and drugs. 对他的治疗是把手术、放射和药物治疗结合为一体。
Technology and good management. That's a winning combination (= one that will certainly be successful). 技术加良好的管理，这是取胜的组合。
The band played with a winning combination of gusto and precision乐队在演泰激情与精确性之间达到了水乳交融的境界。
High debt and low earnings are a lethal combination. 高债务和低收入是致命的组合。
an unusual colour/color combination 不同寻常的色彩组合 
I can't remember the combination. 我不记得密码锁的数码组合了。
These paints can be used individually or in combination. 这些涂料可单独或混合使用。
Hepatitis D exists only in combination with the hepatitis B virus. 丁型肝炎只与乙型肝炎病毒同时存在。
a fantastic combination of colours 多种颜色的绝妙混合 
a delicious combination of herbs and spices 草药与香料的美味混合 
What an unusual combination of flavours! 多么与众不同的混合风味啊！

adj.（人）严肃的、庄严的（好像悲伤、重要或令人担忧的事刚刚发生似的）:
n. [sing.]（常用the grave）[常为文学用法] 死亡、人的去世:
n. [C] 坟墓、墓穴、坟头:
adj. [正式]（形势、感情等）非常严重且重大的、让人担忧的，严峻的、深切的:
grave |[greɪv]
He looked very grave as he entered the room. 他进屋时表情非常严肃。
William was up on the roof for some time and when he came down he looked grave. 威廉在屋顶上呆了一段时间，他下来的时候面色凝重。
Anxiously, she examined his unusually grave face. 她忐忑不安地审视着他异常严肃的脸色。           
Is there life beyond the grave (= life after death)? 人死后有来生吗？
The old lady still influences the family from beyond the grave. 这个老太太死后仍影响着全家。
He followed her to the grave (= died soon after her). 他紧跟着她离开了人世。
She smoked herself into an early grave (= died young as a result of smoking). 她因抽烟而早逝。
drinking yourself to an early grave 纵酒而自折其寿 
Most men would rather go to the grave than own up to feelings of dependency. 大多数男人宁死都不愿承认有依赖感。
Whenever he goes home he visits his mother's grave. 他每次回家都给母亲上坟。
We visited Grandma's grave. 我们给祖母扫了墓。
They used to visit her grave twice a year. 他们以前每年去她的墓前凭吊两次。
There were flowers on the grave. 坟上有些花。
She puts fresh flowers on her husband's grave every Sunday. 她每周日都要在丈夫的坟头上放一些鲜花。
The mourners threw flowers into the open grave. 哀悼者把鲜花投进未掩盖的墓穴。
Darwin must be turning in his grave at the thought of what is being perpetrated in his name. 一想到冒他之名所做下的那些事，达尔文在九泉之下一定不得安宁。
The body was found in a shallow grave in a nearby wood. 这具尸体是在一个浅墓穴中发现的。
His body is buried in an unmarked grave. 他的尸体埋在一个没有标记的坟墓中。
common, communal（尤英）, mass grave 公共墓地；集体墓地；万人冢 
The grave was marked by a simple headstone. 坟墓上只竖着一块简陋的墓碑。
Some of the graves have been desecrated by vandals. 一些坟墓被人肆意破坏了。
I'll be in my grave by the time that happens! 到那时候我已经命丧黄泉了！
He rescued her from a watery grave (= saved her from drowning). 他把她从水中救起。
The magazine isn't trying to ruin his career, the man's digging his own grave by refusing an interview.（比喻用法）这份杂志并非想断送他的事业，而他拒绝接受采访就是在自毁前程。
The police have expressed grave concern about the missing child's safety. 警方对失踪孩子的安全深表关注。
The consequences will be very grave if nothing is done. 如果不采取任何措施后果将会是非常严重的。
We were in grave danger. 我们处于极大的危险之中。
He said that the situation in his country is very grave. 他说他的国家情况十分危急。
I have grave doubts that the documents tell the whole story. 我对这些文件能否说明所有的问题深表怀疑。

(of a piece of equipment or machinery) fail to function normally:（一台设备或机器的）无法正常工作
a failure to function normally:a无法正常工作
malfunction |malˈfʌŋ(k)ʃn| Noun/Verb/:故障
the unit is clearly malfunctioning:设备明显出现故障
a computer malfunction:电脑故障

reduce sth (by sth) 使某事物的数量、价格等变得更少或更小，即减少，缩小。是此义的常规用词之一，在词义上与decrease有很大交集，不过decrease还可以是不及物动词:
vi. [美，非正式] 通过限制所吃的食物数量和种类来减肥:
reduce sth (by sth) 使某事物的尺寸等变得更小，即缩小:
vt. 化学中可表示使…还原（即给某种物质添加一个或多个电子，或从一个物质中除去氧）:
vt.＆vi.（煮沸液体使其）蒸发:
reduce |[rɪ'dju:s]
vt. reduce sth (from sth) (to sth) 
Reduce speed now (= on a sign). 减速行驶。
Costs have been reduced by 20% over the past year. 过去一年，各项费用已经减少了20%。
The price is reduced from 99 cents to 85 cents. 价格从99分降到85分。
The number of employees was reduced from 40 to 25. 雇员人数从40人减少到了25人。
Giving up smoking reduces the risk of heart disease. 戒烟会减少得心脏病的风险。
a reducing plan 节食计划
vt. reduce sth (from sth) (to sth) 
I noticed that my belly had drastically reduced in size. 我注意到我的肚子小了不少。           

separately or individually and in the order already mentioned (used when enumerating two or more items or facts that refer back to a previous statement):单独或单独并按已经提到的顺序（在列举两个或多个项目或引用前一个语句的事实时使用）
respectively |rɪˈspɛktɪvli| Adverb/:分别,分别是
they received sentences of one year and eight months respectively:他们分别被判处一年和八个月的刑期

the finger next to the thumb, the first or index finger.:拇指旁边的手指，食指或食指。
forefinger |ˈfɔːˌfɪŋɡə| Noun/:食指,食指向

adj. 1（人）能够根据自己所具有的经验和知识来做出理智决定和给出良好建议的，即有智慧的，明智的，英明的:
2（行动或行为）明智的，基于良好判断力的，相当于prudent:
wise |[waɪz]
a wise old man 智叟 
I’m older and wiser after ten years in the business. 在商界混了十年之后，我变得老成聪明了。
a wise decision 明智的决定 
The wisest course of action is just to say nothing. 最妥当的做法是缄默不语。
wise counsel 明智的建议 
It is always wise to write down important points. 把要点写下来总是明智的。

n. 1 [C] 一个人的家庭、教育、经历等的详细情况，可称为个人背景:
2 [C, usually sing., U]（有助于解释事态发展的）背景条件或背景事件，即背景:
3 [sing.] 人们不会注意到（或很少注意到）的一个位置，即不显眼的位置，也可称为幕后:
n. [C] 一个人的家庭背景:
n. 1 [C, usually sing.] 在图画中，主要物体（或人物等）背后的场景，即背景。是此义的常规用词:
2 [C, usually sing.] 绘画等的底色或打底图案:
n. [C, usually sing.] 在照片或其它场景中，主要物体（或人物等）背后的场景，即背景:
background |['bækɡraʊnd]
family, social background 家庭背景；社会背景 
academic, educational background 学术背景；教育背景 
middle-class background 中产阶级背景 
professional background 职业背景 
criminal background 犯罪背景 
background check 背景审查 
He came from a very privileged background. 他出身于特权家庭。
She has a good solid background in management. 她有管理方面的坚实背景。
background information, background knowledge 背景信息；背景知识 
the historical background to the war 这场战争的历史背景 
the technical background to the report 该报告的技术背景 
Those discussing formed the background to the decision. 在那些讨论的基础上形成了这一决议。
He prefers to remain in the background and let his assistant talk to the press. 他喜欢待在幕后，让他的助理向新闻界发布消息。
I could see my secretary hovering in the background. 我看得见我的秘书在不被人注意的地方踱来踱去。
The dispute over the new contract allowed her other problems to fade into the background. 关于新合同的争议使得她的其他问题都退居其次。
background music, background noise, background radiation 背景音乐；本底噪声；本底辐射 
background vocals 背景声乐部分 
family, class, racial, religious, social background 家庭背景；阶级背景；民族背景；宗教背景；社会背景 
middle-class background 中产阶级背景 
He came from a very privileged background. 他出身于特权家庭。
The mountains in the background were capped with snow. 背景中的群山山顶覆盖着白雪。
The area of waters stood out against the dark background. 在黑暗背景下映衬出片片水域。
bright blue on a red background 红底衬托着亮蓝 
background colour/color 背景色
a photograph with trees in the background 一张以树木为背景的照片 

n. [C] symbol (of sth) 代表一种更广泛（或更通常）的品质或情况的一个人、物体、事件等，即象征:
n. [C] symbol (for sth)（尤指在数学、科学或音乐中）具有一个固定意义的一个符号、数字、字母等:
symbol |['sɪmbl]
White has always been a symbol of purity in Western cultures. 在西方文化中，白色一向象征纯洁。
The company car is an outward symbol of the employee’s status. 公司配车是员工地位的外在体现。
cultural, religious, sacred symbol 文化的象征；宗教的象征；神圣的象征
abstract, geometric symbol 抽象符号；几何符号 
graphic, written symbol 图画符号；书写符号 
chemical, Chinese, linguistic, musical symbol 化学符号；中文符号；语言符号；音乐符号 
A list of symbols used on the map is given in the index. 这份地图所使用的符号全部列在索引中。
The bottle had a skull and crossbones symbol on it. 瓶子上有骷髅画标记。

n. [C, U] 事物的特征、特色，尤指使事物区别于别者的特征、特色:
n. [U, C] 事物的质量或品质:
n. [C] 人的品质，尤指好的品质，素质:
n. [C] 英式英语中可指供有品味者阅读的高端报纸:
n. 1 [U, C] 商品或服务的质量或品质:
2 [U] 高标准，即优质，上乘，相当于excellence:
adj. 1 只作前置定语，尤用于销售产品或服务时说…是质量好的，高质量的:
2 英国俚语可指非常好的，棒极了:
n. [U] 高标准，即优质，上乘，相当于excellence:
quality |['kwɒlɪtɪ]
the special quality of light and shade in her paintings 她绘画中的明暗特征 
aesthetic, artistic, literary quality 美学特征；艺术特征；文学特征 
feminine, star quality 女性特质；明星般的气质 
The music gives the movie a dreamlike quality. 音乐赋予这部电影一种梦幻般的感觉。
product, service quality 产品质量；服务质量 
audio, image, video quality 音频质量；图像质量；视频质量 
air, water, food quality 空气质量；水质；食品质量 
quality control, quality assurance, quality standards 质量控制；质量保证；质量标准 
quality of life 生活质量（或生活品质）
physical quality 身体素质
personal qualities such as honesty and generosity 诚实、慷慨等个人品质 
moral, spiritual quality 道德品质；精神素养 
leadership quality 领导素质 
I found him thoroughly unpleasant, with no redeeming qualities whatsoever. 我觉得他一点儿也不讨人喜欢，没有任何可取之处。
product, service quality 产品质量；服务质量 
food quality 食品质量 
goods of a high quality 优质商品 
top-quality ingredients 上乘的选材 
quality control 质量控制 
quality assurance 质量保证 
quality standards 质量标准 
to provide quality at reasonable prices 以合理的价格提供优质商品
We specialize in quality furniture. 我们专营高档家具。
quality service at a competitive price 质优价廉的服务 
‘What was the film like?’ ‘Quality!’ “这部电影怎么样？”“棒极了！”
contemporary writers of quality 当代的优秀作家 
We aim to provide quality at reasonable prices. 我们的宗旨是质量上乘、价格合理。

n. [sing.] 一个人的金钱、权力、社会地位等的丧失；也可指造成上述丧失的原因。如衰落、衰败、垮台:
downfall |[ˈdaʊnfɔ:l]
The sex scandal finally led to his downfall. 这桩绯闻最终使他身败名裂。
a scandal that brought about his downfall 导致他垮台的丑闻 
The failure of this plan contributed to her eventual downfall. 这个计划的失败促使她最终垮台。
His lack of experience had led to his downfall. 经验不足导致了他的下台。
His greed was eventually his downfall. 贪婪最终导致了他的垮台。
His honesty had been his downfall. 他败在诚实。
Alan's downfall was women. 艾伦栽在了“女人”这两个字上。
people wishing to see the downfall of the government 希望看到政府倒台的人们 
They were found guilty of plotting the downfall of the government. 他们被判犯有密谋推翻政府罪。
The movement's downfall came with the failed coup d'etat. 政变流产了，这场运动也随之失败。

n. [sing.] ring (of sth)（言语、声音等所具有的）某种品质或特性:
vt.＆vi. 铃（或钟）发出声音；使铃（或钟）发出声音:
vi. [文学] ring (with sth) 充满某种声音；声音充满某地。如响彻，回响等，相当于resound:
n. 1 [C] 铃、钟等所发出的声音，即铃声，钟声；使铃、钟等发出声音的行为，如摇铃，敲钟等:
2 [sing.] 大且清晰的声音，如清脆的响声:
n. [C] 戒指、指环等环形装饰物:
vi. 充满某种品质或特性:
n. [C] [尤英] 烹饪所用燃气炉（或电磁炉）的炉口或灶盘（为一小块平整的地方），相当于burner:
n. [C]（动物或人进行表演的）封闭的圆形场地（场地周围是观众坐席）:
n. [C] 环形的标记或形状。如眼圈、站成的一圈。此时和circle有交集，二者可以互换使用（如stand in a circle可换成stand in a ring）:
vt.＆vi. [英] [英美也用call] ring sb/sth (up) 给…打电话:
vi.（电话）因某人拨打而发出铃声:
n. [C] [英] 给某人打的电话:
vt. ring sb/sth (with sth) 常用被动式，包围或环绕…:
n. [C] 圆形的且中间有一个大洞的物体，即环形物品，圈形物品:
vi. 耳朵（常由于听到很大的噪声等而）不舒服或不能清楚地听，即嗡嗡响:
n. [C]（动物或人进行比赛的）封闭的圆形场地（场地周围是观众坐席）:
vt. 给一只禽鸟的腿上戴上一个金属环（以便将来易于辨认）:
n. [C] 在一起工作的一群人（尤指秘密或非法地进行），如团伙，集团，帮派等:
vt. [尤英] 绕着某事物画一个圆圈，相当于circle:
ring |[rɪŋ]
His explanation has a ring of truth about it. 他的解释听上去真实可信。
Her protestation of innocence had a hollow ring to it. 她自称无辜的辩白显得空洞乏力。
The story had a familiar ring to it. 这个故事听起来耳熟。
Someone was ringing the doorbell. 有人在按门铃。
to ring for the nurse 按铃叫护士 
The church bells rang. 教堂的钟声响了。
The house rang with children’s laughter. 屋子里回响着孩子们的笑声。
Applause rang through the hall. 掌声响彻整个大厅。
There was a ring at the door. 门铃响了。
He gave a couple of loud rings on the doorbell. 他使劲地按了几下门铃。
the ring of horse’s hooves on the cobblestones 马蹄在鹅卵石上发出的清脆响声
wedding ring 结婚戒指 
diamond ring 钻石戒指 
nose, tongue ring 鼻环；舌环 
He slipped the ring on her finger. 他迅速给她戴上戒指。
His words rang with pride. 他的话充满了骄傲。
to turn off the gas ring 关上煤气灶
circus ring 马戏场 
show ring 展览场
She had dark rings around her eyes. 她有黑眼圈。
The children sat on the floor in a ring. 孩子们围成一圈，坐在地板上。
to blow smoke rings 吐烟圈 
tree ring 树的年轮 
a ring of fire 火圈 
a ring of stones 石头圈
I’ll ring you up later. 我过会儿再给你打电话。
David rang up while you were out. 你不在的时候戴维打电话来了。
Could you ring for a cab? 你打电话叫辆出租车来好吗？
She rang to say she’d be late. 她打电话来说她要迟到。
Will you answer the telephone if it rings? 电话铃响时你接一下好吗？
I’ll give you a ring once I get home. 我一到家就给你打电话。
Demonstrators ringed the building. 示威者包围了大楼。
a key ring 钥匙环 
a curtain ring 窗帘环 
a onion ring 洋葱圈
The music was so loud it made my ears ring. 音乐的声音太大了，震得我的耳朵嗡嗡响。
boxing, bull, circus, wrestling ring 拳击场；斗牛场；马戏场；摔跤场 
to be back in the ring 重返拳坛 
to retire from the ring (= stop boxing) 退出拳坛
drug（尤美）, drugs（英）, money-laundering, smuggling, spy ring 毒品团伙；洗钱团伙；走私团伙；间谍集团 
to break up a major drug ring 摧毁一个主要的贩毒集团
Ring the correct answer in pencil. 用铅笔圈出正确答案。

n. [C] 行星:
n. [sing.] the planet可指地球（尤其当谈论环境时所用）:
planet |['plænɪt]
the planets of our solar system 太阳系的行星 
the planet Mars 火星
We are destroying the planet with our fossil-fuel lifestyle. 我们依赖化石燃料的生活方式正在摧毁地球。

n. [C] 尤指政府或公司定期支付给因衰老或疾病而不能工作的人的一笔钱，即养老金、退休金、抚恤金:
pension |['penʃn]
state pension（英）政府养老金 
company pension（英）公司退休金 
personal pension（英）个人养老金 
monthly pension 月退休金 
old-age, retirement pension（均英）养老金；退休金 
disability pension（尤英）残疾抚恤金 
widow’s pension 遗孀抚恤金 
pension payment 养老金给付 
pension deficit 养老金亏空 
pension plan, pension scheme（英）退休金计划

n. [U] [正式]（对某事物本质的）洞察力、悟性:
n. [U, C] [正式] ~ (that…) 看法、见解:
n. [U] [术语]（尤指感官产生的）知觉、感知，且尤指视觉感知:
perception |[pəˈsepʃn;美pərˈs-]
She showed great perception in her assessment of the family situation. 她对家庭状况的分析显示出敏锐的洞察力。
It did not require a great deal of perception to realise the interview was over. 并不需要多少洞察力也能意识到面试已经结束了。
a campaign to change public perception of the police 改变警察公众形象的运动 
a marketing strategy to overcome negative public perception of the company 一种消除公众对该公司负面看法的营销策略 
These developments hardly affected the public perception of the crisis. 进展情况几乎没有影响公众对危机的看法。
There is a general public perception that standards in schools are falling. 公众普遍认为，学校的水平都在下降。
He is interested in how our perceptions of death affect the way we live. 他感兴趣的是我们对死亡的看法如何影响我们的生活。
their perception of foreigners 他们对外国人的印象 
The book explored the changing perceptions about gender. 这本书探讨了不断变化的对性别的看法。
I was shocked to learn of the perception people have of me. 得知人们对我的看法我很震惊。
Your brand name should create a distinctive perception in the customer's mind. 你的品牌名称应该在顾客心中建立起一种与众不同的形象。
Movies have shaped our perception of many historical events. 电影左右了我们对许多历史事件的看法。
The computer changes our perceptions of place and time. 计算机改变了我们的时空观。
This study dispels the perception that men are better drivers. 这项研究消除了人们认为男人驾车水平更高的看法。
This film challenges traditional perceptions of older people. 这部电影挑战了老年人的传统观念。
The survey reflects the perceptions of business people around the world. 该调查反映了世界各地商界人士的看法。
our perception of reality 我们对现实的感知 
heightened perception caused by drugs 吸食毒品后产生的飘飘然的感觉 
He has a heightented perception that causes him to hear voices from another world. 他有一种升仙了的感觉，使他听到了来自另一个世界的声音。
The company wanted to boost the overall perception of the brand. 该公司希望提升品牌的整体认知度。
consumer perception 消费者的认知 
culture perception 文化认知 
subjective perception 主观认知 
auditory, extrasensory, sense, sensory, visual perception 听觉；超感知觉；感觉；感官知觉；视觉 
hazard（英）, risk（尤美）, threat（美）perception 对危险的感知；对风险的感知；对威胁的感知 
If we improve drivers' hazard perception, road deaths will fall. 如果我们提高司机们感知危险的能力，交通死亡人数就会下降。
cultural differences in risk perception between European students and their American counterparts 欧洲学生和美国学生之间在风险认知方面的文化差异 

n. [C] 可提供的额外服务（只是起到锦上添花的作用）:
n. [C] 可提供额外服务的特色等（这些附加特色并非必需，只是起到锦上添花的作用），有时可翻译为“工具”:
n. [C] [尤美] 有特定用途的场所（常包括建筑物）:
n. [sing., U] ~ (for sth)（让学习或做事更容易的）天赋才能、天资:
n. [C] 可提供额外服务的特色等（这些附加特色并非必需，只是起到锦上添花的作用），有时可翻译为“工具”:
n. [C] 可提供额外服务的机器:
n. [C] 可提供额外服务的特色等（这些附加特色并非必需，只是起到锦上添花的作用）:
n. [尤美] 有特定用途的体育场所（常包括建筑物）:
n. [pl.]（为某一目的所提供的）设施（如建筑物、服务设施、设备等）:
facility |[fəˈsɪləti]
The archive offers a central facility for cataloguing and indexing data. 档案馆提供编制数据目录和索引的集中服务。
training and other support facilities 培训及其他支援服务 
credit, loan, over-draft（英）facility 信贷服务；贷款服务；透支服务 
a bank account with an overdraft facility 提供透支服务的银行账户
editing, help, mail, search facility（均为计算机用语）编辑工具；帮助工具；电邮工具；搜索工具 
a facility for checking spelling 检查拼写的工具
large facility 大型场所 
50 000-square-foot facility 50，000 平方英尺等的场所 
modern, state-of-the-art facility 现代化的建筑物；最先进的建筑物 
purpose built facility（英）特定用途的场所 
plans to renovate an existing facility 现有场所的整修计划 
a temporary storage facility for blood samples 暂时存放血液样本的场所 
residents of long-term care facilities 生活在长期护理机构中的人们 
prisoners in state and federal facilities 关押在州与联邦监狱中的犯人 
community, public facility 社区场所；公共机构 
private facility 私人场所 
commercial, industrial facility 商业机构；工业机构 
maintenance, manufacturing, processing, production, storage, testing, transport, treatment facility 保养场所；生产场所；加工场所；制造场所；储存场所；测试场所；运输场所；处理场所 
a water treatment facility 水处理厂 
the world's largest nuclear waste facility 世界最大的核废料处理场所 
correctional, detention facility 管教所；拘留所 
He spent 90 days at the county's local correctional facility. 他在那个县的地方管教所里待了90天。
military facility 军事场所 
weapons facility 兵工厂 
chemical, nuclear facility 化工厂；核工厂 
health, health-care, hospital, medical facility 健康机构；保健场所；医院大楼；医疗机构 
a mental health facility 一家心理卫生医院 
The problem lies in getting patients to a medical facility as soon as possible. 问题在于要把病人尽快送至医院。
dining facility 就餐场所 
childcare, day-care facility 儿童保育园；日托托儿所 
educational, training facility 教育机构；培训机构 
fitness, sports facility 健身房；运动场所 
She trains with the team at their practice facility. 她和球队在练习场地上训练。
research facility 研究机构 
lab（非正式）, laboratory facility 实验室大楼 
communication, communications facility 通信大楼 
The company expects to open its facility by late September. 预计这家公司将在9月底前将其大楼对外开放。
The old facility is now used for storage of dry products. 这座旧厂房现在用来存放干燥的产品。
A doctor visited the facility and found deplorable conditions. 一位医生参观了该场所，发现条件很糟糕。
a production facility located in New Mexico 设在新墨西哥的厂房 
The 100 000 square-foot facility houses labs for NASA's research. 这座100，000平方英尺的大楼里有美国航空航天局的研究实验室。
a new facility for military training一个新的军事训练场所
She has a facility for languages. 她有语言天赋。
Smell is a very basic sense but humans have lost much of the facility to use it properly. 嗅觉是一种非常基本的官能，但人类已经丧失了恰当使用这种官能的大部分能力。
He played with great facility. 他表现出很高的天分。
She showed an amazing facility for mind-reading. 她表现出能看透他人心思的惊人天赋。
editing, help, mail, search facility（均为计算机用语）编辑工具；帮助工具；电邮工具；搜索工具 
a facility for checking spelling 检查拼写的工具
The report warns that there are no backup facilities if the reprocessing plant breaks down. 报告警告说如果处理工厂垮掉，就没有备用设施了。
One of the new models has the facility to reproduce speech as well as text. 新型号中有一款具备复读和文本复制的功能。
The archive offers a central facility for cataloguing and indexing data. 档案馆提供编制数据目录和索引的集中服务。
training and other support facilities 培训及其他支援服务 
credit, loan, over-draft（英）facility 信贷服务；贷款服务；透支服务 
a bank account with an overdraft facility 提供透支服务的银行账户 
editing, help, mail, search facility（均为计算机用语）编辑工具；帮助工具；电邮工具；搜索工具 
The software's list' facility allows users to compile their own list. 该软件的"列单"功能可使用户编辑自己的目录。
a facility for checking spelling 检查拼写的工具 
The device has a facility for storing any sound you like. 这个装置有一个功能，可以保存你喜欢的任何声音。
fitness, sports facility 健身房；运动场所 
She trains with the team at their practice facility. 她和球队在练习场地上训练。
The hotel has special facilities for welcoming disabled people. 这家旅馆有专供残疾人使用的设施。
a hotel with only basic facilities 仅有基本设施的旅馆 
We are looking to upgrade the existing facilities. 我们正考虑改善现有的设施。
to improve access to essential facilities 改善必要设施的使用条件 
community（尤英）, local facilities 社区设施；当地设施 
hospitals, schools and other major community facilities 医院、学校及其他主要的社区设施 
The communal facilities were in a bad state. 这些公共设施的状况很糟糕。
public facilities 公用设施 
disabled facilities（英）供残疾人使用的设施。
conference facilities 会议设施 
airport, hotel facilities 机场设施；宾馆设施 
bar facilities（英）酒吧设施 
leisure（尤英）, recreational, social（尤英）休闲设施；娱乐设施；社交场所 
sporting（尤英）, sports facilities 体育设施 
play facilities（尤英）游戏设施 
transport（尤英）, transportation（尤美）, travel（尤英）交通设施；运输设施；旅行设施 
parking facilities 停车设施 
shopping facilities（尤英）购物设施 
dining facilities 就餐设施 
catering（英）, cooking（尤英）, kitchen（尤英）facilities 餐饮设施；炊事设备；厨房设备 
baby-changing（英）, bathroom, laundry, sanitary, shower, toilet（英）, washing（尤英）facilities 婴儿尿布更换设施；洗浴设施；洗衣设施；卫生淋浴设施；卫生间设施；洗涤设施 
en suite facilities（尤英）卧室配套设备 
All bedrooms offer private facilities(= a private bathroom). 所有卧室都有单独的浴室。
health, health-care, hospital, medical facilities 健康设施；保健设施；医院设施；医疗设施 
childcare, creche（英）, day-care, nursery（尤英）facilities 儿童保育设施；日托托儿所设施；托儿所设施 
educational, training facilities 教育设施；培训设施 
library, research facilities 图书馆设施；研究设施 
laboratory facilities 实验室设施 
I made full use of the computing facilities. 我充分利用了计算设备。
Facilities include a large indoor pool, jacuzzi and sauna. 设施包括一个大型室内游泳池、按摩浴缸和桑拿房。
facilities management, facilities manager 设施的管理；设施管理人 
The school has no facilities for the teaching of music. 这所学校没有音乐教学设施。
The hotel provides excellent facilities for children. 这家旅馆的儿童设施十分完善。
a range of facilities一系列设施

n. [U, C, usually pl.]（在程度、重要性等方面）正确的比例:
correct proportion 正确的比例:
n. [C] 整体的一个部分:
n. 1 [U] ~ (of sth to sth) 比例关系:
2 [U, C, usually pl.]（在尺寸、程度、重要性等方面）正确的比例、匀称:
3 [U] [数学] 两队数字之间的等比例关系（如4/8=6/12）:
n. [pl.] proportions可指某事物的量度，（通常指极其巨大的事物的）大小，尺寸、面积、体积、规模、程度:
proportion |[prəˈpɔ:ʃn;美-ˈpɔ:rʃn]
Always try to keep a sense of proportion (= of the relative importance of different things). 应常记在心，事有轻重缓急之分。
We must not lose our sense of proportion. 我们不能丧失主次观念。
Try to keep your view of the situation in proportion (= not think it is more serious than it is). 看待情势要客观。
The punishment was out of all proportion to the crime. 罚不当罪。
The costs of the plan are out of proportion to the budget available. 计划的成本与现有的预算不成比例。
Everything just got blown out of proportion. 所有一切都变得不可收拾了。
We've got to keep this in proportion. 我们应当正确对待这一点。
This issue was about to be blown out of proportion. 这个问题快要被夸大得没边没沿儿了。
The problem has been exaggerated out of all proportion. 问题被过分夸大了。
A significant proportion of the funding is likely to come from government. 相当大的一部分资金可能会来自政府。
The company employs men and women in roughly equal proportions. 公司聘用的男员工与女员工人数大致相等。
The chart shows government spending expressed as a proportion of national income. 这幅图表说明了政府开支在国民收入中所占的比重。
The unskilled section of the working class was diminishing as a proportion of the workforce.劳动力中非熟练工人的人数正在减少。
A large proportion of the dolphins in that area will eventually die. 那片区域里的很大一部分海豚终将死去。
A proportion of the rent is met by the city council. 一部分租金由市政委员会支付。
Water covers a large proportion of the earth's surface. 水覆盖了地球表面的大部分。
Loam is a soil with roughly equal proportions of clay, sand and silt. 壤土是由大约等份的黏土、沙和粉砂合成的。
The proportion of regular smokers increases with age. 习惯吸烟的人口比重随年龄的增长而上升。
A higher proportion of Americans go on to higher education than is the case in Britain. 美国人上大学的比例大于英国。
direct proportion 正比 
inverse proportion 反比 
The human population in the region is expanding in inverse proportion to the wildlife. 这个地区的人口在膨胀，而野生生物的数量却在减少。
The cost of insurance increases in proportion to the performance of the car. 汽车的性能越好，保险费用就越高。
The proportion of men to women in the college has changed dramatically over the years. 近年来，这个学院的男女学生比例出现了剧变。
The proportion of women in the profession had risen to 17.3%. 从事该职业的女性比例已升高到17.3%。
Women's bodies tend to have a higher proportion of fat to water. 女性的身体内脂肪与水分的比例往往更高。
The radio station has to include a substantial proportion of classical music. 该电台不得不播放大量的古典音乐。
The basic ingredients are limestone and clay in the proportion 2:1. 基本成分是石灰石和黏土，比例为2:1。
The proportion of sand to cement used was three to one. 所用的沙子与水泥的比例是3比1。
The room is very long in proportion to (= relative to) its width. 这房间的长度比宽度大很多。
The pressure in the cylinders would go up in proportion to the boiler pressure. 汽缸内的压力会随着汽锅压力的增加而相应增加。
Children tend to have relatively larger heads than adults in proportion to the rest of their body. 与成人相比，儿童头部占整个身体的比例相对较大。
correct proportion 正确的比例 
You haven't drawn the figures in the foreground in proportion. 你的前景人物画得不合比例。
The head is out of proportion with the body. 头部和身体不成比例。
an impressive building with fine proportions 比例谐调的雄伟建筑物 
You can vary the relative proportions of things in a picture very simply. 你能很简单地改变一幅画中事物的相对比例。
Always try to keep a sense of proportion (= of the relative importance of different things). 应常记在心，事有轻重缓急之分。
We must not lose our sense of proportion. 我们不能丧失主次观念。
Try to keep your view of the situation in proportion (= not think it is more serious than it is). 看待情势要客观。
The punishment was out of all proportion to the crime. 罚不当罪。
The costs of the plan are out of proportion to the budget available. 计划的成本与现有的预算不成比例。
Everything just got blown out of proportion. 所有一切都变得不可收拾了。
We've got to keep this in proportion. 我们应当正确对待这一点。
This issue was about to be blown out of proportion. 这个问题快要被夸大得没边没沿儿了。
The problem has been exaggerated out of all proportion. 问题被过分夸大了。
In the tropics plants grow to huge proportions. 在热带，植物会长得非常高大。
a room of fairly generous proportions 相当宽敞的屋子 
a fraud of breathtaking proportions 金额惊人的诈骗案 
This method divides the task into more manageable proportions. 这个方法把要完成的任务划分成较为易于操作的步骤。
The computer brings the huge task of stock control down to more manageable proportions. 计算机使繁重的存货管理工作变得比较易于操作。
The food shortage had reached crisis proportions. 食物匮乏严重，已可称之为危机了。
epidemic proportion 传染病的程度 
an entrance hall of perfect proportions 大小堪称完美的门厅


proportions | 比例,比率

vt.（一种情况、一个事件或活动）牵涉或影响某事物:
vt.（一种情况、一个事件或活动）牵涉或影响某人:
vt. ~ sb (in sth) 用言行来表明某人参与某事（尤指表明其参与了犯罪）。相当于implicate:
vt.（一种情况、一个事件或活动）牵涉或影响某事物。有时可翻译为“需要”，相当于entail:
vt. ~ sb (in sth/in doing sth) 使某人参加、加入、介入:
vt.（一种情况、一个事件或活动）牵涉或影响某事物。有时可翻译为“包含”:
vt. ~ sb (in sth) 使某人卷入某事:
involve |[ɪnˈvɒlv;美ɪnˈvɑ:lv]
Many of the crimes involved drugs. 许多罪案都与毒品有关。
A late booking may involve you in extra cost. 预订晚了的话你可能要额外多花钱。
There was a serious incident involving a group of youths. 有一起涉及一群年轻人的严重事件。
How many vehicles were involved in the crash? 这次撞车事故涉及多少辆汽车？
If there was a cover-up, it involved people at the very highest levels of government. 如果有人想要隐瞒实情，那其中就涉及政府部门最高层的人物。
a riot involving a hundred inmates 有一百名囚犯参与的暴动 
His confession involved a number of other politicians in the affair. 他的自白供出其他一些政治人物也涉及此事。
I didn't mean to involve you in all this. 我没打算把你牵连进来。
Many of the crimes involved drugs. 许多罪案都与毒品有关。
The job involves me travelling all over the country. 这份工作需要我在全国各地跑。
The job involves my travelling all over the country.（正式）这份工作需要我在全国各地跑。
This involved me in a round trip of over 400 miles. 为此我需要往返旅行 400 多英里。
The reforms will inevitably involve a lot of new paperwork for teachers. 改革难免需要教师做大量新的书面工作。
Running a kitchen involves a great deal of discipline and speed. 料理好厨房需要把一切都安排得规规矩矩，且要讲求速度。
Nicky's job as a public relations director involves spending quite a lot of time with other people. 尼基作为公共关系主管，需要花很多时间与别人打交道。
We want to involve as many people as possible in the celebrations. 我们希望参加庆典的人越多越好。
Parents should involve themselves in their child's education. 父母应当参与孩子的教育。
methods that actively involve students in learning 各种使学生积极学习的方法 
Noel and I do everything together, he involves me in everything. 我和诺埃尔什么事情都一起做，他让我参与所有的事。
Before too long he started involving me in the more confidential aspects of the job. 不久,他便开始让我介入工作中更机密的方面。
The test will involve answering questions about a photograph. 考试将包括回答一些关于一张照片的问题。
Inventions typically involve minor improvements in technology. 发明创造往往包含技术上的改进。
Any investment involves an element of risk. 任何投资都有一定的风险。            
I seem to have involved myself in something I don't understand. 我似乎卷入了一件我并不知情的事情当中。

vt.＆vi. 努力去做某事（尤指难事）:
n. [C] attempt (on sth) 为超越某事物所付出的努力（例如在一场体育比赛中的出色表现）:
n. [C] attempt (on sb/sb’s life) 杀人企图:
vt.＆vi. 尝试去做某事（尤指难事）:
attempt (at sth/at doing sth) 对某事（尤指难事）所进行的尝试（常以失败而告终）:
attempt |[ə'tempt]
I will attempt to answer all your questions. 我将努力回答你的所有问题。
his attempt on the world land speed record 他为创造陆上速度世界纪录所做的努力 
Someone has made an attempt on the President’s life. 有人企图刺杀总统。
Do not attempt to repair this yourself. 不要试图自己修理这个东西。
The prisoners attempted an escape, but failed. 囚犯企图逃跑，但失败了。
Two factories were closed in an attempt to cut costs. 为削减成本，关闭了两家工厂。
I passed my driving test at the first attempt. 我考汽车驾驶执照一次就通过了。
vain attempt 徒劳之举 
escape, rescue, suicide attempt 逃跑企图；救援努力；自杀企图

adj. 1 [常含贬义] 倾向于遵循全社会约定俗成的做法或惯例的，平凡普通的，也许不是非常有趣的，即（行为观念等）依照惯例的，墨守成规的，遵从习俗的，普通平凡的:
2 常作前置定语，遵循传统（或长久以来的做法）的:
adj. 常作前置定语，（尤指武器）非核的，即常规的:
conventional |[kən'venʃənl]
conventional behaviour, conventional morality 循规蹈矩的行为；传统的道德规范 
She’s very conventional in her views. 她的观点很守旧。
conventional methods, conventional approaches 传统方法 
in the conventional sense 从传统意义上来说
conventional forces, conventional weapons, conventional arms 常规部队；常规武器 
a conventional power station 常规动力发电站

adj. 给出很多细节和很多信息的，如详细的、详尽的；对细节极其关注的:
detailed |[ˈdi:teɪld;NorthAmericanEnglishalsodɪˈteɪld]
detailed description, detailed analysis, detailed study 详细的描述；详细的分析；详细的研究 
He gave me detailed instructions on how to get there. 他详细地告诉我如何去那里。
Yesterday's letter contains a detailed account of the decisions. 昨天的那封信里有对这些决议的详细说明。
I started drawing up more detailed budgets. 我开始起草更详尽的预算方案。
the exquisitely detailed carvings on the cathedral door 大教堂门上精巧细致的雕刻
