interpretation						理解，说明，口译
guilt								有罪，内疚
connectivity						连接
behave							表现
instruct							教导，吩咐
infinite							无限的，极大的
hazard							危险
undervalue							对...估价太低，轻视
specific							详细的，特有的
specifics					详情
appealing							有吸引力的，恳求的
fitness							健康，适合
physical fitness					身体健康
conclusion							结尾，结论
absent							缺席的，缺乏的
antique							古董
myth								神话故事，错误观念
intervention						干涉
trace								痕迹，微量，小路，查出
protest							抗议，抱怨
refuel							给...加燃料，加剧
tackle							处理，阻截
finance							资金，财政
finances							财力
fine								罚款，极好的
indicate							表明，暗示
expand							扩大，增加
spontaneous						主动的，自然的，淳朴的
offense							犯罪，冒犯，进攻
abruptly							突然的，陡峭的
recycle							回收利用
rude								粗鲁的，猥亵的，简陋的
\\\\\\\\

n. [C, U] 一个人对戏剧角色等的演绎方式、表演方式:
n. [C, U] 某种方式的解释或说明:
n. [C, U] 某种方式的理解:
n. [C, U] 一个人对乐曲的演绎方式、演奏方式:
interpretation |[ɪnˌtɜ:prɪˈteɪʃn;美-ˌtɜ:rp-]
a modern interpretation of ‘King Lear’《李尔王》的现代演绎 
her full-bodied interpretation of the role of Micaela 她对米凯拉这个角色全身心的演绎 
The film lends itself to a fairly straightforward interpretation. 该影片适合采用比较直白的表演方式。
Her evidence suggests a different interpretation of the events. 她的证据显示这些事件可能有另外一种解释。
It is not possible for everyone to put their own interpretation on the law. 不可能让每个人自行阐释法律。
The opposition Conservative Party put a different interpretation on the figures. 反对党保守党对这些数字提出一番不同的解释。
Analysis and interpretation is a very personal thing. 分析与说明是个很主观的事情。
artistic interpretation 艺术的诠释 
historical, textual, theological interpretation 历史角度的诠释；基于文本的解释；神学的解释 
feminist historical interpretations of marriage customs 女性主义关于婚俗的历史解读 
Biblical, scriptural（尤美）interpretation《圣经》解释 
His writings reflect his conservative views on Biblical interpretation. 他的作品反映了他对《圣经》解读所持的保守观点。
constitutional（尤美）, judicial, statutory interpretation 宪法解释；司法解释；法规解释 
In any system of law, there is an inevitable element of judicial interpretation. 在任何法律体系中都不可避免地存在着司法解释。
Scientists made an interpretation based on the data available. 科学家根据掌握的数据作出了解释。
Most modern historians support this interpretation. 多数现代历史学家支持这种解释。
She challenges many orthodox interpretations of religious texts. 她质疑宗教文本的许多正统解释。
His work defies simplistic interpretation. 他的作品不能进行简单化的解释。
It is possible to put an entirely different interpretation on her comments. 对她的那些评论作出完全不同的解释是可能的。
Dreams are open to interpretation (= they can be explained in different ways). 梦可以作各种诠释。
The wording of this section of the contract is open to interpretation. 合同中这一部分的措辞可以有不同的理解。
The meaning of the incident is open to subjective interpretation. 这一事件的意义可能见仁见智。
In practice, this law is often given a wide interpretation by the police. 在实际操作中，警察对这条法律的理解常常很宽泛。

n. [U] ~ (about sth) 内疚、悔恨、负罪感:
n. [U]（为做错的事或发生过的坏事所承担的）罪责、责任、罪过:
n. [U] 犯罪、有罪、罪行:
guilt |[gɪlt]
She had feelings of guilt about leaving her children and going to work. 她因离开自己的孩子去工作而感到内疚。
Many survivors were left with a sense of guilt. 许多幸存者都有内疚感。
a guilt complex (= an exaggerated sense of guilt) 内疚情结 
guilt feelings 负罪感 
She was trying to lay a guilt trip on me. 她想方设法说些让我感到内疚的话。
Her emotions had ranged from anger to guilt in the space of a few seconds. 几秒钟的时间里，她经历了从愤怒到内疚的情感变化。
Some cancer patients experience strong feelings of guilt. 一些癌症病人懊悔不已。
lingering guilt 挥之不去的负罪感 
These actions are merely intended to assuage white liberal guilt. 这些举动只是为减轻白人自由主义的负罪感而已。
They feel a sense of collective guilt for the Holocaust. 他们对纳粹大屠杀都有一种集体负罪感。
survivor guilt 幸存者的负罪感 
You needn't feel any guilt about me. 你用不着因为我而内疚。
Talking to her helped to assuage my guilt. 和她交谈减轻了我的负罪感。
He had no feelings of guilt over what he had done. 他对自己的所作所为毫不感到内疚。
the burden of guilt that she carried with her 她所承受的良心谴责
The investigation will try to find out where the guilt for the disaster really lies. 此调查将尽力查出灾难的真正责任所在。
There is no doubt as to where the guilt lies. 罪责在哪一方面是毫无疑问的。
His guilt was proved beyond all doubt by the prosecution. 他的罪行已被原告方证实确凿无疑。
I took his silence as an admission of guilt. 我认为他沉默就是承认自己有错。
The trial is concerned only with the determination of guilt according to criminal law. 依照刑法规定，审判仅涉及定罪。
You weren't convinced of Mr Matthews' guilt. 你不相信马修斯先生有罪。
Many of the accused would deny their guilt to the magistrates. 许多被告会在地方法官面前否认自己有罪。
It might be difficult to prove his guilt. 要证明他的罪行可能很难。
proof of guilt 罪证

the state of being connected or interconnected:连接或互联的状态
capacity for the interconnection of platforms, systems, and applications:平台、系统、应用互联的能力
connectivity |ˌkɒnɛkˈtɪvɪti| Noun/:连通性,互联
the authorities worked at restoring connectivity between Puerto Rico and the US mainland after Hurricane Hugo:当局在雨果飓风过后致力于恢复波多黎各与美国大陆之间的连通性
this allows connectivity between Sun and Mac platforms:this允许Sun和Mac平台之间的连接

vt.＆vi. behave (yourself) 表现得正确或有礼貌:
vi. [术语] 以某种方式自然地移动:
vi. [术语] 以某种方式自然地反应等:
vi. 以一定的方式来做事，如行为，表现，相当于act:
adj. -behaved 构成形容词，表现得…的:
behave |[bɪ'heɪv]
Will you kids just behave! 孩子们，规矩点儿！
She doesn’t know how to behave in public. 她在公共场合举止无措。
He behaved very badly towards their guests. 他对客人们很不礼貌。 
a study of how metals behave under pressure 对于金属受压反应的研究
The doctor behaved very unprofessionally. 那位医生的做法十分不专业。
He behaved like a true gentleman. 他的行为像个真正的绅士。
She behaved with great dignity. 她显得很尊贵。
He behaved as if nothing had happened. 他显得像是什么都没发生过。
They behave differently when you’re not around. 你不在时他们就是另一副脸孔。
Humans and machines sometimes behave similarly. 人和机器有时行为相似。
People behave according to their own understanding of situations. 人们根据他们自己对情况的理解行事。
well-behaved children 表现好的孩子

vt.＆vi. [正式] 告诉某人去做某事，尤指以一种正式或官方的方式来告诉，即指示，命令，吩咐，嘱咐:
vt. [正式] 常用被动式，把某事告诉或通知给某人:
vt. [正式] instruct sb (in sth) 教给某人一门科目，尤指传授一项实用技能:
vt. [法律] 雇某人（尤指律师）代表你处理法律事宜，即委托:
instruct |[ɪn'strʌkt]
Doctors often instruct patients to exercise. 医生经常嘱咐病人要锻炼身体。
He instructed to arrest the suspect. 他下令逮捕犯罪嫌疑人。
You were explicitly instructed to wait here. 已明确告诉你就在此等候。
I took the antibiotics as instructed. 我按照说明服用了抗生素。
I have been instructed that they will not come. 我已获悉他们不会来了。
to instruct her in nursing techniques 教给她护理技术

adj. 1 极大的；无法衡量的:
2 无限的、无穷无尽的:
n. [sing.] the infinite可指无穷无尽的事物:
n. [sing.] the infinite可指上帝:
infinite |[ˈɪnfɪnət]
an infinite variety of plants 数不清的植物种类 
an almost infinite variety of shades 多得几乎数不清的色彩 
an infinite variety of landscapes 变化万千的风景 
With infinite care, John shifted position. 约翰小心翼翼地挪动了位置。
a teacher with infinite patience 有无比耐心的教师 
The company in its infinite wisdom decided to close the staff restaurant (= they thought it was a good thing to do, but nobody else agreed).（讽刺用法）公司以无比的智慧决定关掉职工食堂。
an infinite universe 无垠的宇宙 
an infinite number of atoms 无穷多的原子 
Obviously, no company has infinite resources. 显然，没有哪个公司的资源是无限的。

~ (of sth/of doing sth) 危险的事物、造成危害的事物:
vt. 向某人给出一个你知道有可能是错误的建议，即斗胆提出建议、做出无把握的猜测:
hazard |[ˈhæzəd;美-ərd]
a serious fire hazard 严重的火灾隐患 
safety hazard 安全隐患 
hazard lights (= flashing lights on a car that warn other drivers of possible danger)（汽车上的）危险警示灯 
Holes in the pavement are a hazard for blind people. 人行道上的坑对盲人来说有危险。Stairs are a hazard for young children. 楼梯对小孩子来说有危险。
Everybody is aware of the hazards of smoking. 大家都明白吸烟的危害。
A new report suggests that chewing-gum may be a health hazard. 一份新报告指出，口香糖可能对健康有害。
Oil leaking from a barge in the Mississippi River poses a hazard to the drinking water of New Orleans. 密西西比河上驳船漏油事件危及新奥尔良市的饮用水。
The burning of industrial waste is a major hazard to human health. 焚烧工业废物对人类健康是一大危害。
industrial hazards such as excessive noise and pollution 诸如过量噪声和污染等工业危害 
Production of these chemicals poses serious environmental hazards. 生产这些化学品会严重危害环境。
Loneliness is one of the occupational hazards of being a writer. 孤独是作家所面临的一大职业危险。
The worst hazard we faced was having our money stolen. 我们遇到的最糟糕的事就是钱被偷了。
Go in September if you want to avoid the hazard of extreme heat. 如果想避开高温酷暑，那就九月份去。
Companies should have systems for dealing with work hazards. 公司应该有职业风险应对系统。
exposure to hazards 曝露于危险因素
Would you like to hazard a guess? 你想猜猜看吗？
'Fifteen or sixteen?' He hazarded. “15或16？” 他试着猜道。
I would hazard a guess that they'll do fairly well in the next election. 我斗胆猜测，他们在下一轮竞选中会有不错的表现。
‘Is it Tom you're going with? ’ she hazarded. “你是要和汤姆一起去吗？”她冒失地问。

rate (something) insufficiently highly, fail to appreciate:rate(something)不够高，无法欣赏
underestimate the financial value of (something):低估（某物）的财务价值
a price below the real value:低于实际价值的价格
undervalue |ˌʌndəˈvaljuː| Noun/Verb/:低估,价值低估
through overfamiliarity, it is easy to undervalue this concerto:过分熟悉，很容易低估这首协奏曲
the company's assets were undervalued in its balance sheet:公司资产在其资产负债表中被低估
his truck was sold at an undervalue:他的卡车被低估了

adj. [正式] specific to sth 只存在于一个地方，或只限定在同一事物上的，即特有的，独特的，相当于peculiar:
adj. 1 详细且准确的，可称为明确具体的，相当于precise:
2 常用于名词前，只与一个特定的事物有关的，即特定的，相当于particular:
specific |[spə'sɪfɪk]
a belief that is specific to this part of Africa 非洲这一地区特有的一种观念 
These heart issues are specific to women. 这些心脏问题是妇女独有的。
specific instructions 明确的指示 
‘I’d like your help tomorrow.’ ‘Can you be more specific?’ “我想让你明天来帮帮我。”“你能不能说得具体些？”
She was very specific about the type she wanted. 她对自己想要的类型十分明确。
children’s television programmes aimed at a specific age group 针对特定年龄段的少儿电视节目 
The money was collected for a specific purpose. 这笔钱是为一个特定用途而收取的。
children with specific learning difficulties (= in one area only) 某一方面有学习困难的儿童 
These values are culturally specific, not naturally given. 这些价值观具有文化特征，并非天然形成。

The specifics of a subject are the details of it that need to be considered. 细节
specifics |英/美 [spə'sɪfɪks]| n. 细节；特性（specific的复数）；详情/
Things improved when we got down to the specifics.情况在我们开始认真讨论细节时有了改善。


adj. 有吸引力的、令人感兴趣的:
adj.（表情或语气）恳求的、可怜的、希望获得同情的:
appealing |[əˈpi:lɪŋ]
These toys are not immediately appealing to children. 这些玩具不会让孩子们一眼就看上。
Spending the holidays in Britain wasn't a prospect that I found particularly appealing. 在英国度假对我并不特别有吸引力。
That's a very appealing idea. 那是个十分吸引人的想法。
The large salary made their offer even more appealing to him. 高薪使他们的录用通知书对他更具吸引力。
I find his manner very appealing. 我发现他的举止非常有吸引力。
There was a sense of humour to what he did that I found very appealing. 他举手投足间流露出一种幽默感，我觉得很有魅力。           
‘Would you really help? ’ he said with an appealing look. “你真的愿意帮忙吗？”他满脸恳求地说。
She gave him a soft appealing look that would have melted solid ice. 她恳求地看了他一眼，温柔的眼神足以融化坚冰。

n. [U] ~ for sth/to do sth 适合（某事物或做某事）、称职:
n. [U]（身体的）健康且强壮，即健壮:
fitness |[ˈfɪtnəs]
He convinced us of his fitness for the task. 他使我们相信他适合做这项工作。
There were doubts about her fitness to hold office. 她是否称职还不确定。
a magazine on health and fitness 卫生与健康杂志 
a high level of physical fitness 高水平体质 
You need a good level of physical fitness for this sport. 健康状况良好才能进行这种运动。
full, peak fitness身体很棒;最佳状态 
low fitness 身体不适 
physical fitness 身体健康 
cardiorespiratory，cardiovascular fitness 心肺适能；心血管健康 
mental fitness 心理健康 
match fitness（英）比赛状态 
Tomkins is back to match-and is expected to play in the final. 汤姆金斯恢复了比赛状态，有望参加决赛。
He has attained peak fitness this season. 这个赛季他的体能达到了顶峰。
Regular exercise helps to maintain physical fitness. 经常运动有助于保持身体健康。
A special trainer has been brought in to work on her fitness. 特别聘任了一位教练负责改善她的体能。
The coach has given him a week to prove his fitness. 教练给他一周的时间证明自己身体状态良好。
First, determine your present fitness level.首先、确定你目前的身体状况。
fitness training 健身训练 
fitness plan, fitness programme/program, fitness regime, fitness regimen（美）, fitness routine 健身计划；健身方案；有规则的健身活动；日常的健身运动 
fitness class 健身训练班 
fitness equipment 健身器材 
fitness video 健身录像 
fitness assessment, fitness check（英）, fitness test 健康状况评估；体能测定 
fitness goal 健身目标 
fitness centre/center, fitness club, fitness facility 健身中心；健身俱乐部；健身设施 
fitness buff, fitness enthusiast, fitness fanatic, fitness freak 健身达人；健身爱好者；健身狂 
fitness consultant, fitness expert, fitness guru 健身顾问；健身专家；健身权威人士 
fitness coach, fitness instructor, fitness trainer 健身教练；健身教员；健身训练员 
fitness industry 健身行业 
Skiing offers many fitness benefits. 滑雪对健康的好处很多。
Walking is good for health and fitness. 走路有利健康。

n. [C]（对一种情况中所有相关信息进行思考后得出的）结论:
n. [C, usually sing.] 某事物（如讲话或一篇文字）的结尾，结束:
n. [U] 正式（或官方）协议的最终达成、签订、缔结等。相当于completion:
conclusion |[kən'klu:ӡn]
to reach a conclusion, to draw a conclusion 得出结论 
Don’t go jumping to conclusions before you know the facts. 了解事实之前，不要匆匆下结论。
He bases his conclusions on very limited research. 他的结论建立在十分有限的研究基础上。
the conclusion of the book 这部书的结尾 
the story’s ultimate conclusion 故事的最终结局 
In conclusion, I would like to thank you all. 最后，我想对你们所有人表示感谢。
This performance was a fitting conclusion to his career. 本次演出为他的职业生涯画上了圆满的句号。
the successful conclusion of a trade treaty 贸易条约的成功签署

adj. absent (from sth) 由于疾病等而不在某地的，即缺席的:
vt. [正式] absent yourself (from sth) 缺席或不参加（本应该到场的一个场合）:
adj.（对自己周围所发生的事）心不在焉的（即对这些事没有真正表现出观看或思考的）:
adj. absent (from sth) 不存在于某事物中:
absent |['æbsənt,æb'sent]['æbsənt]
He was absent from work for two weeks. 他两个星期没有上班了。
to be absent from the meeting 没有到会 
to be absent without leave 未经许可而缺席 
He had absented himself from the office for the day. 这一天他没有去办公室上班。
an absent expression 心不在焉的神情
Love was totally absent from his childhood. 他童年时根本没有得到过爱。
He now played with a passion that had been strangely absent from his previous performance. 他现在满怀激情地演出，奇怪的是，以前他演出时未见他有此激情。

n. [C] 古董，文物:
adj. 常作前置定语，（家具、首饰、珠宝等）古老且常贵重的:
antique |[æn'ti:k]
fine antique 精美的古董 
precious antique 珍贵的古董 
genuine antique 古董真品 
to collect antique 收集文物 
antique dealer 古董商 
antique shop, antiques store（美）古玩店 
an antique bowl 一只古董碗

n. [C, U] 很多人相信，但实际并不存在（或错误）的事，如错误的看法（或认识），编造的话:
Women have peddled the myth that all decent men are either married or gay. 女人们中间流传有这样的荒诞说法:
n. [C, U] 古代的神话故事:
myth |[mɪθ]
It is time to dispel the myth of a classless society (= to show that it does not exist). 该消除那种无阶级社会的神话了。
Contrary to popular myth, women are not worse drivers than men. 都说女人开车比男人差，其实不然。
Contrary to the popular myth, women are not reckless spendthrifts. 和人们的普遍观念恰恰相反，女性并不是胡乱挥霍者。
There is a great myth that people who wear glasses are more intelligent. 有种荒诞无稽的看法，认为戴眼镜的人更聪明。
It's a total myth that this causes blindness. 说这会导致失明纯属无稽之谈。
People's faith in the Emperor was based on the myth that he was infallible. 人们效忠君主是基于对皇帝永不犯错的迷信。
We are trying to lay to rest the myths surrounding mental illness. 我们试图使围绕精神疾病产生的种种错误观念寿终正寝。 
A myth has grown up that Fleming didn't realize the potential of penicillin. 形成了一种错误的说法，认为弗莱明没意识到青霉素潜在的价值。
The myth persists that men are more intelligent than women. 男人比女人聪明的荒诞说法仍然存在。
a popular myth about twins 流传广泛的关于双胞胎的无稽之谈 
an attempt to perpetuate the myth of racial superiority 使种族优越论的鬼话流传下去的企图
ancient Greek myths 古希腊神话 
religious myth 宗教神话 
Biblical myth《圣经》神话 
Christian, Greek, Norse, Roman myth 基督教神话；希腊神话；古斯堪的纳维亚神话；罗马神话 
a creation myth (= that explains how the world began) 创世的神话 
the heroes of myth and legend 神话和传说中的英雄 
the myth about the golden apple 有关金苹果的神话 
The battle has become part of national myth. 这场战役已成为民族神话的一部分。
historical, political myth 历史传说；政治神话 
The propaganda of both sides relies heavily on historical myth. 双方的宣传都主要依据历史传说。
romantic myth 浪漫传奇 
an outlaw who has now assumed the status of heroic myth 现在已俨然成为英雄传奇人物的逃犯 
Propaganda has turned the former president into a heroic myth. 前总统已被宣传为一个英雄传奇。

n. [U, C] ~ (in sth) 干涉、干预:
intervention |[ˌɪntəˈvenʃn;美-tərˈv-]
the role of the United States and its intervention in the internal affairs of many countries 美国扮演的角色以及其对多国内政的干涉 
direct intervention to stop abuses of the environment 为阻止对环境的破坏而进行的直接干预 
A full-scale riot was prevented by the timely intervention of the police. 大规模暴乱因为警方的及时介入而得到制止上。
the Emperor's personal intervention 皇帝的亲自介入 
He has made repeated calls for government intervention to save the steel industry. 他多次呼吁政府介入干预以挽救钢铁工业。
external, foreign, outside intervention 外部干预；外国干涉；外来干预 
armed, military intervention 武装干涉;军事干预 
We would resist any armed intervention from outside in our country's affairs. 我们将抵制任何来自外部的对我国事务的武装干涉。
This is not a humanitarian intervention, it is a brutal invasion. 这不是人道主义干预，而是野蛮的侵略。
police intervention 警方的干预 
judicial, legal intervention 司法介入；法律干预 
clinical, medical, surgical intervention 临床介入；医疗介入；手术治疗 
behavioural/behavioral, psychological intervention 行为干预；心理干预 
educational intervention 教育干预 
economic, political, social intervention 经济干预；政治干涉；社会干预 
divine, supernatural intervention 神灵的介入；超自然力的介入 
The victory was seen as the direct result of divine intervention. 这场胜利被视为神灵干预的直接结果。
human, manual intervention 人为干预；手工介入 
The automatic process can be completed with very little manual intervention. 这一自动化过程只需极少的手工操作即可完成。
to make a forceful intervention in a dispute 对争端进行强有力的干预 
The public demanded active intervention. 公众要求积极干预。
We will always resist foreign intervention in our country. 我们会永远抵制外国对我国的干涉。
The threat does not justify government intervention. 这一威胁不是政府进行干预的正当理由。
armed intervention against the rebels 针对叛乱分子的武装干预 
intervention by a senior judge 高级法官的调停 
He was furious at this intervention from the press. 他对来自新闻界的这次干预感到怒不可遏。
government's intervention in the dispute 政府对这起纠纷的干预 
state intervention on behalf of the industry 政府代表该产业实施的干预 
It was necessary to exercise her ministerial powers of intervention in order to protect the public.（powers of intervention尤为英式用法）为了保护公众，她有必要动用作为部长的干预权。
He claimed that the state has a special right of intervention in company affairs.（right of intervention尤为英式用法）他宣称国家有干预公司事务的特权。

n. 1 [C, U] 表明某人或某事物过去曾存在或出现的一个标记、物体或迹象，如遗迹、痕迹、踪迹:
2 [sing.] sink without (a) ~（某人或某事物）迅速销声匿迹、迅速沉寂:
vt.（用手指或脚尖等在表面上）绘出、勾勒出某事物的外形或轮廓:
n. [C] ~ of sth 某事物的极少量:
vt. ~ sb/sth (to sth) 通过仔细寻找而找到某人或某事物:
vt. ~ sth (back) (to sth) 寻找某事物的起源或原因:
n. [C] [术语] 机器获取信息后，在纸上或屏幕上显示的一条线或一个图形:
vt. 描述（事物的过程或发展）:
n. [C, usually pl.] 用于把马和其所拉的车拴在一起的两根皮质长绳子之一:
vt. ~ sb/sth (to sth) 通过仔细寻找而找到某人或某事物:
vt. ~ sth (back) (to sth) 寻找某事物的起源或原因:
vt. ~ sth (out) 在一个表面上画线:
vt.（用手指或脚尖等在表面上）绘出、勾勒出某事物的外形或轮廓:
vt.（把一张透明的纸覆盖在地图或图画上，然后）在透明的纸上复制或描摹地图或图画:
trace |[treɪs][treɪs]
archaeological, historical trace 考古遗迹；历史遗迹 
indelible, permanent trace 抹不掉的印记；永久的印记 
memory trace（术语）记忆痕迹 
It's exciting to discover traces of earlier civilizations. 发现以前文明的遗迹，真令人兴奋。
The local church has traces of fifteenth-century frescoes. 当地教堂仍留有 15 世纪壁画的遗迹。
Little trace is left of how Stone Age people lived. 石器时代人类的生活状况几乎无迹可寻。
Traces still remain of the old brewery. 老酒厂仍然有迹可寻。
There's been no trace of my aunt and uncle. 没有我姑姑、姑夫的踪迹。
Police searched the area but found no trace of the escaped prisoners. 警方搜索了那一地区，但未发现越狱逃犯的任何踪迹。
e burglar had left several traces of his presence. 窃贼在现场留下了几处痕迹。
The search party had found no trace of the missing climbers. 搜救队没有找到失踪登山者的踪迹。
Remove all traces of rust with a small wire brush. 用小钢丝刷擦去所有锈迹。
Years of living in England had eliminated all trace of her American accent. 她因多年居住在英国，美国口音已荡然无存。
‘No thanks,’ she said, with a trace of irritation in her voice. “不，谢了。”她说，声音里带着一丝恼怒。
without trace（英）, without a trace 无影无踪 
The plane was lost without a trace over the Atlantic. 飞机在飞越大西洋上空时消失得无影无踪。
The ship had vanished without (a) trace. 那艘船消失得无影无踪。
The ship seems to have sunk without trace. 那艘船似乎已经沉没，无迹可寻。
The Social Democratic Party has sunk without trace at these elections. 社会民主党在这些选举中已销声匿迹。
Pop groups are like Olympic swimmers — they hit gold once, then they sink without trace. 流行乐队就像奥林匹克游泳选手——拿到一次金牌后就无声无息了。
He traced the route on the map. 他在地图上勾画出了路线。
I traced the course of the river on the map. 我在地图上勾勒出这条河的流向。
She lightly traced the outline of his face with her finger. 她轻轻地用手指去感觉他脸的轮廓。
A tear traced a path down her cheek. 一滴眼泪沿着她的面颊流了下来。          
trace amount 微量 
trace element, trace gas, trace metal, trace mineral 微量元素；微量气体；微量金属；微量矿物 
Seaweed is rich in vitamins and trace elements. 海藻含有丰富的维生素和微量元素。
The post-mortem revealed traces of poison in his stomach. 验尸发现他胃中有微量毒物。
The water was found to contain traces of cocaine. 发现水里含有微量可卡因。
Wash them in cold water to remove all traces of sand. 用冷水冲洗它们以清除所有的沙子。
He took great pains to write on his subject without a trace of sensationalism. 他尽力不带一丝哗众取宠的色彩来写作他的题材。
There was not the faintest trace of irony in her voice. 她的声音里没有一丁点儿的讽刺意味。
She spoke without a trace of bitterness. 她说话时一点儿也不伤感。
a trace of amusement, a trace of anxiety, a trace of a smile 有点儿觉得好笑；有一丝忧虑；有一缕微笑
We finally traced him to an address in Chicago. 我们终于追查到他在芝加哥的一个地址。
Police are anxious to trace two men seen leaving the house just before 8am. 早上将近8点时有人看到两名男子离开那所房子，警方急于找到他们。
Police have been unable to trace her movements during her final days. 警方无法追踪到她最后几天的行程。
The stolen paintings have been successfully traced to a London warehouse. 失窃的画已成功地在伦敦的一个仓库中找到。
We are currently trying to trace the whereabouts of certain sums of money. 我们目前正试图找到某些钱款的下落。
She could trace her family tree back to the 16th century. 她能把本族家谱追溯到16世纪。
The exhibition traces the history of graphic design in America from the 19th century to the present. 展览追溯了美国从19世纪至今的平面设计历史。
Words have over the centuries acquired meanings not easily traced in dictionaries. 经过了数百年，词语的有些含义在词典里已难以查到来源。
The origins of the custom are difficult to trace. 很难追溯这种风俗的起源。
I first went there to trace my roots, visiting my mum's home island of Jamaica. 我最初到那里是为了寻根，探访我妈妈的故乡牙买加岛。
The leak was eventually traced to a broken seal. 最后查出泄漏是由于密封处破裂所致。
The police traced the call (= used special electronic equipment to find out who made the telephone call) to her ex-husband's number. 警方用追踪装置查出是她前夫的电话号码打出的电话。
The trace showed a normal heart rhythm. 描记图表明心率正常。
Her book traces the town's history from Saxon times to the present day. 她的书描述的是这个市镇从撒克逊时代到现在的历史。
Police are anxious to trace two men seen leaving the house just before 8am. 早上将近8点时有人看到两名男子离开那所房子，警方急于找到他们。
Police have been unable to trace her movements during her final days. 警方无法追踪到她最后几天的行程。
The police traced the call (= used special electronic equipment to find out who made the telephone call) to her ex-husband's number. 警方用追踪装置查出是她前夫的电话号码打出的电话。
She traced a line in the sand. 她在沙地上画了一条线。
He traced the route on the map. 他在地图上勾画出了路线。
I traced the course of the river on the map. 我在地图上勾勒出这条河的流向。
She lightly traced the outline of his face with her finger. 她轻轻地用手指去感觉他脸的轮廓。
A tear traced a path down her cheek. 一滴眼泪沿着她的面颊流了下来。
She learned to draw by tracing pictures out of old storybooks. 她通过描摹旧故事书上的图画学会了画画。

n. [sing.] under ~ 表达了反对之后不情愿地，如无奈地、不服气地:
n. [C] 强烈的申明、声明或断言:
vt.（尤指被指控时，或人们不相信你时）坚决地表示某事是真实的，也可称为申辩:
vt.（尤指被指控时，或人们不相信你时）坚决地表示某事是真实的，也可称为申辩:
n. [U, C] ~ (against sth) 抗议、抗议书、抗议行动；强烈的反对:
vt.&vi. ~ (about/against/at sth) 抗议、反对，尤指公开地抗议或反对:
protest |[ˈprəʊtest;美ˈproʊ-]
She wrote a letter of apology but only under protest. 她无奈之下写了一封致歉信。
The strikers returned to work, but under protest. 罢工工人不情愿地返回了工作岗位。
That was how she usually dealt with their protests that she was spoiling her grandchildren. 当他们坚持说她是在溺爱孙儿，她通常会作出那样的回应。
‘That's not what you said earlier!’ Jane protested. “你当初不是这么说的！”简争辩说。
When we tried to protest that Mo was beaten up they didn't believe us. 我们试图申明莫遭到了毒打，他们却不相信我们。
'I never said any of that to her,' he protested. “我从来没有对她那么说过，”他申辩道。
She has always protested her innocence. 她一直坚持说自己是无辜的。
He protested that the journey was too far by car. 他坚持说路途太远，不宜开汽车去。
‘That's not what you said earlier!’ Jane protested. “你当初不是这么说的！”简争辩说。
When we tried to protest that Mo was beaten up they didn't believe us. 我们试图申明莫遭到了毒打，他们却不相信我们。
'I never said any of that to her,' he protested. “我从来没有对她那么说过，”他申辩道。           
peaceful protest 和平抗议 
sit-down protest（英）静坐抗议 
mass protest 群众性抗议 
anti-government, anti-war, political protest 反政府抗议；反战抗议；政治抗议 
rooftop（英）, street protest 在屋顶进行的抗议；街头抗议 
a rooftop protest by prison inmates 监狱犯人在屋顶上进行的抗议 
street protests by residents 居民发起的抗议 
The new tax sparked a wave of public protest. 新税引发了公众的抗议浪潮。
The announcement raised a storm of protest. 这个声明引起了一场抗议风潮。
The Samoan team lodged a formal protest against the decision. 萨摩亚队针对这项决定提出了正式抗议。
The workers staged a protest against the proposed changes in their contracts. 工人们进行抗议，反对拟议中的对他们合同的修改。
The government has made an official protest. 政府已经提出了正式抗议。
protest group, protest movement 抗议组织；抗议运动 
protest demonstration, protest march, protest meeting, protest rally 抗议示威；抗议游行；抗议会议；抗议集会 
protest strike（尤英）罢工抗议 
protest petition（尤英）抗议请愿 
protest vote 抗议投票 
protest song 抗议歌曲 
Prisoners shouted and hurled slates in protest. 囚犯们大声呼喊并投掷石块表示抗议。
The crowd dispersed without protest. 人群没有抗议就散去了。
She accepted the charge without protest. 她一声未吭地接受了指控。
a protest about the new bypass 就新的旁道提出的抗议 
a student protest over tuition fees 学生就学费一事提出的抗议 
The announcement brought cries of protest from the crowd. 公告在人群中引发了抗议的呼声。
a letter of protest 抗议信 
in protest at（尤英）, in protest of（尤美） 抗议… 
The party boycotted the election in protest at alleged vote rigging. 该党对选举进行了抵制，以抗议所谓的投票舞弊。
The unions called a two-hour strike in protest at the railway authority's announcement. 各工会号召罢工两小时，以对铁路当局所发通告表示抗议。
The director resigned in protest at the decision. 主任辞职以示抗议这项决定。
Winters quit the company board in protest of her plans. 温特斯退出了公司董事会，以表示对她的计划的抗议。
The building work will go ahead, despite protests from local residents. 尽管当地居民反对，建筑工程将照样进行。
The riot began as a peaceful protest. 暴乱是从一场和平抗议开始的。
Students took to the streets to protest against the decision. 学生们走上街头，抗议这项决定。
Groups of women took to the streets to protest against the arrests. 成群结队的妇女上街抗议逮捕行动。
The students were protesting at overcrowding in the university hostels. 学生们在抗议大学宿舍过于拥挤。
The victim's widow protested at the leniency of the sentence. 受害人的遗孀抗议判决太轻。
There's no use protesting, I won't change my mind. 抗议没有用，我决不改变主意。
They fully intend to protest the decision.（美）他们决意反对这项决定。
the right to protest peacefully 和平抗议的权利 
When he tried to protest, she insisted. 他试图抗议，但她却坚持这样做。
Crowds gathered to protest about the police violence. 人群聚集起来抗议警察的暴力。
Many people protested over the tax increase. 很多人对加税提出抗议。
They were protesting against the proposed agreement. 他们举行抗议反对提出的协议。
Many people have protested at the cuts in state benefits. 很多人都对削减国家福利提出了抗议。
We have protested to the government. 我们已经向政府提出了抗议。
They were exercising their lawful right to protest. 他们行使自己合法抗议的权利。

supply (a vehicle) with more fuel:supply（车辆）有更多燃料
(of a vehicle) be supplied with more fuel:（车辆的）获得更多燃料
refuel |ˌriːˈfjuːəl| Verb/:加油,燃料
the authorities agreed to refuel the plane:当局同意为飞机加油
the chopper went to refuel:直升机去加油

vt.（果断或高效地）应付，处理，解决（难题、困难局面或任务）:
vt. 对施用暴力或威胁手段的人进行制止或反击，如抓获、给以颜色:
n. [U]（吊拉物体用的）索具，滑轮组:
vt. ~ sb (about sth)（坦率地）向某人交涉（困难情况）:
vt. ~ sb (about sth)（坦率地）向某人提起（问题）:
n. [C] [美]（美式足球中的）负责以擒抱方式进行的阻截的队员:
vt.&vi.（在足球、曲棍球等运动中）抢球:
vt.&vi.（在橄榄球或美式足球中）以擒抱摔倒的方式来阻截对方前进:
n. 1 [C]（足球等运动中的）抢球:
2 [C]（橄榄球或美式足球中的）以擒抱方式进行的阻截:
n. [U]（做某项体育运动或活动所用的）用具，尤指渔具:
tackle |[ˈtækl]
The government is determined to tackle inflation. 政府决心解决通货膨胀问题。
The first reason to tackle these problems is to save children's lives. 果断处理这些问题的首要原因是为了挽救孩子们的生命。
The problem is being tackled with a range of measures. 这个问题正通过一系列措施予以处理。
The drugs problem has to be tackled head-on. 对于毒品问题必须迎头痛击。
We are failing to tackle the key issues. 我们在处理关键问题方面受到挫折。
Firemen later tackled the blaze. 消防队员们后来扑灭了这场大火。
He tackled a masked intruder at his home. 他在家里抓住了一个私自闯入的蒙面人。
He claims Pasolini overtook and tackled him, pushing him into the dirt. 他声称帕索利尼追上去打他，把他推倒在烂泥里。
I finally hoisted him up with a block and tackle. 我最终用滑轮组把他拉了上去。
I tackled him about the money he owed me. 我就他欠我钱的事与他进行了交涉。
I tackled him about how anyone could live amidst so much poverty. 我坦率地问他，人在如此贫穷的环境中如何还能生存。
defensive, offensive tackle 防守截锋；进攻截锋 
left, right tackle 左截锋；右截锋 
nose tackle 正截锋
He was tackled just outside the penalty area. 他就在罚球区外让对方把球抢断。
Foley tackled the quarterback. 福利成功拦截了四分卫。
He can run fast and tackle hard. 他跑得快，阻截凶猛。
bad, crunching, late tackle（均英）恶意铲球；粗暴铲球；铲球过迟 
cover, scything, sliding tackle（均英）补位铲球；抡脚铲球；倒地铲球 
a crunching tackle from her opponent 对手对她的粗暴铲断 
He was booked for a tackle from behind on Morris. 他因从背后铲断莫里斯而被记名警告。
She lost the ball in a tackle. 她在抢断中丢了球。
high tackle（橄榄球比赛中的）过高扑搂 
Their captain was sent off for a high tackle on Cooper. 他们的队长因过高扑搂库珀被罚下场。
flying tackle 鱼跃扑接 
A security guard brought him down with a flying tackle. 一名保安飞身把他扑倒。
football（美）, rugby tackle 美式橄榄球的扑搂；英式橄榄球扑搂 
He bruised his arm making a tackle against the Browns. 他在对布朗队的比赛中扑搂时擦伤了手臂。
fishing tackle 渔具

n. [U] finance (for sth) 用于运营企业或项目、开展活动的资金（美式英语通常用financing）:
vt. 为一个项目提供资金，与fund近义:
n. [U]（尤指政府或商业组织）管理资金的活动，即金融、财务、财政:
n. [C] finances 复数表示对于一个人、组织或国家来说可用的资金；还可指管理上述资金的方式。即财务状况:
finance |['faɪnæns]
cheap finance 低息贷款 
private, public finance 私人资金；公共资金 
equity finance 股本融资 
housing, mortgage finance 住房贷款；按揭贷款 
the finance for education available to local government 当地政府可用的教育资金 
to provide finance for the project 为该项目提供资金 
a source of finance 资金来源 
privately, publicly finance 私人出资；公共出资 
the money needed to finance the redevelopment 再开发所需要的资金 
The project was financed jointly by the Chinese and British governments. 该项目由中英两国政府联合出资。
He took a job to finance his stay in Germany. 他找了一份工作以赚钱支付在德国的费用。
a diploma in banking and finance 银行与金融学文凭 
international finance 国际金融 
finance company 金融公司 
finance industry 金融业 
company finance 公司财务 
personal finance 个人财务 
finance director 财务总监 
government, public, state finance 政府财政；公共财政；国家财政 
finance officer 财政官员 
company finances 公司财力 
government, public, state finances 政府财力；公共财力；国家财力 
family, personal, private finances 家庭经济状况；个人经济状况 
the state of sb’s finances 某人的财务状况 
tight finances 紧张的财务状况 
to plan your finances for a comfortable life 安排资金以便过上舒服的生活 
The company’s finances are (in) a mess. 该公司的财务状况一团糟。
We don’t have the finances to throw a big party. 我们没钱举办大型聚会。


finances | 财政,财务,财务状况

adj. 1 常作前置定语，看上去令人愉快的，即好看的，漂亮的:
2 常作前置定语，精美的，精巧而吸引人的:
3 物品或衣服品质好的，精美的，华贵的:
adj. 用作感叹词，用于向某人表示一个行动、建议或决定是可接受的，即同意，可以，没问题:
adj. [术语] 指金属只含一种物质的，不含其他物质因而不减低该金属的质量的，即纯的，无杂质的:
adj. 开心的:
adj. 用于表示对某事物满意:
adv. [非正式] 以一种可接受或足够好的方式，令人满意地，即不错地:
adj. 1 纤细的，非常细的:
2 常作前置定语，难以看出或难以描述的:
3 由极细微的颗粒组成或制成的:
adj. 只作前置定语，（人）好的，有道德的，值得尊敬的:
adj.（人）健康的，身体好的。是一个简单用词:
n. [C] 由于破坏法律、法规或规则而被处以的罚款、罚金:
vt. fine sb (sth) (for sth/for doing sth) 常用被动式，向某人或组织等处以罚金:
adj. [尤英] 指天气晴朗的，可以是白天，也可以是晚上:
adj. 指词语或话语听起来很重要很华丽，但实际上并没什么实际内容或作用的，即辞藻华丽的，语言华而不实的:
adj. 常作前置定语，很好的，高质量的:
fine |[faɪn]
a fine view of the forest 森林美景 
a fine-looking girl 漂亮女孩 
fine features 清秀面容 
fine clothes 华丽的服装
That’s fine by me. 我认为没问题。
Fine. 好吧。
fine gold 纯金
“How are you?” “Fine, thank you.” “你好吗？”“好，谢谢。”
Your performance was fine. 你的表演很不错。
This paper’s not very good quality, but it’s fine for rough work. 这种纸质量不是很好，但用来打草稿很不错。
You’re doing fine. 你做得蛮不错。
The machine is working fine. 机器运转良好。
fine hairs on her arms 她胳膊上纤细的绒毛 
a fine tip 纤细的尖 
a fine thread 细线 
Her hair is very fine. 她的头发非常细。
the fine detail 细微之处 
a fine distinction 细微的差别 
a fine line between love and hate 爱恨只在一线间 
fine sand 细沙
a fine man 一个优秀的人（或品德高尚的人）
George looks fine now. 乔治现在看起来身体很不错。
physically fine 身体好 
to pay a heavy fine 支付一笔巨额罚款 
five-hundred-pound fine 五百英镑的罚款 
parking, speeding fine 违法停车罚款；超速驾驶罚款 
criminal fine 刑事犯罪罚款 
a maximum fine of $800 最高罚金是800美元。
The factory was fined $8 000 for polluting the environment. 这家工厂由于污染环境而被处以8000美元的罚款。
to be heavily fined 被处以高额罚款 
He got fined £200 for parking illegally. 他由于非法停车被罚200英镑。
a fine day 晴朗的一天 
a fine night 晴朗的夜晚 
It’s turned out fine again today. 今天天气又转晴了。
fine words 华而不实的辞藻
a fine book 一本好书 
a fine performance 精彩的演出 
fine wines 美酒

vt. indicate sb/sth (to sb)（尤指通过将头指向或移向某个方向而）使某人注意到…，即指示出:
vt. 成为…的标志，或表明某事可能（或很可能）发生，即象征，预示等:
vt.（不用通过言语的方式）显示信息:
vt.＆vi. 表明（某事属实或存在）。是一个常规用词，极为常用:
vt.（测量仪器）显示某一量度:
vt. [正式] 常用被动式，有必要；或被建议（常因为有必要而被建议）:
vt. indicate sth (to sb) 提及某事（尤指间接提及），即暗示，示意:
vt. indicate sb/sth (to sb)（尤指通过将头指向或移向某个方向而）使某人注意到…，即指示出:
vt.＆vi. [英]（用灯光或手臂）表明你的交通工具要改变方向，即打行车转向信号，相当于signal:
vt. 以书面的形式给出信息，即写出，写明，注明:
indicate |['ɪndɪkeɪt]
He indicated where the furniture was to go. 他指示家具要如何摆放。
A red sky at night often indicates fine weather the next day. 夜空呈红色往往预示第二天天气晴朗。
Early results indicate that the government will be returned to power. 早期的结果预示该政府将重新执政。
The results are indicated in Table 2. 结果列在表2中。
These figures indicate to me that the company is in serious trouble. 这些数字使我意识到该公司处境艰难。
Expense does not necessarily indicate worth. 费用未必能反映价值。
Research indicates that eating habits are changing fast. 研究显示，饮食习惯正迅速改变。
This sign usually indicates a pedestrian zone. 这个符号通常表示步行区域。
He has declared support for women, but his actions have indicated otherwise. 他嘴上声称支持妇女，但其行为却正相反。
The temperature gauge indicates 90˚F. 温度计显示90华氏度。
A course of chemotherapy was indicated. 建议进行化疗。
He indicated his willingness to cooperate. 他透露出了合作的意愿。
She indicated the quickest route on a map. 她在地图上给我们指出了最快捷的路线。
Always indicate before moving into another lane. 开入其它车道前一定要打转向灯。
He indicated left and then turned right. 他打出的是左转信号，然后却向右转了。
You are allowed 20kgs of baggage unless indicated otherwise on your ticket. 除非票上另有注明，否则可携带行李为20公斤。
Please indicate clearly which colour you require. 请标明您要求的颜色。

vt.＆vi. 数量变得更大；使…的数量变得更大，与contract相反:
vt.＆vi. 1 尺寸变得更大；使…的尺寸变得更大，与contract相反:
2 扩展（业务）；（业务）扩展（即开设更多的分公司、赚更多的钱等）:
vi. 谈论更多；往自己正在说的内容里添加更多细节，如详述:
vt.＆vi. 重要性变得更大；使…的重要性变得更大:
expand |[ɪk'spænd]
Student numbers are expanding rapidly. 学生人数在迅速增加。
A child’s vocabulary expands through reading. 孩子的词汇量通过阅读得到扩大。
Metals expand when they are heated. 金属受热会膨胀。
to expand the role of family doctors 扩大家庭医生的作用 
to expand the airport 扩建机场 
The town has expanded into a city. 该镇已发展成为一个城市。
to expand the business 扩展业务 
an expanding economy 不断发展的经济 
Internet companies expanding abroad 向海外扩展的互联网公司 
Several brands have successfully expanded their market presence. 好几个品牌成功地扩大了市场份额。
I needed to expand my possibilities of making a living. 我需要拓展我的谋生途径。
I repeated the question and waited for her to expand. 我把问题重复了一遍，等着她详细回答。
The new system expanded the role of family doctors. 新体制放大了家庭医生的作用。

adj. 经常心血来潮的:
adj. 未经筹划而完成的，如自发的:
adj. 1 [术语] 自然发生的、自身造成的（非外界原因造成的）:
2 自然完成的（而非被强迫完成的，或非刻意完成的）:
spontaneous |[spɒnˈteɪniəs;美spɑ:n-]
a spontaneous offer of help 主动提出帮助 
The audience burst into spontaneous applause. 观众自发地鼓起掌来。
Diana's house was crowded with happy people whose spontaneous outbursts of song were accompanied by lively music. 戴安娜的家里挤满了兴奋的人们，他们伴着欢快的音乐不由自主地引吭高歌。
spontaneous remission of the disease 疾病的自然缓解 
I had another spontaneous miscarriage at around the 16th to 18th week. 我在大约第16至18孕周时又经历了一次自然流产。
a spontaneous explosion 自爆 
a tape recording of spontaneous speech 一段自然讲话的磁带录音 
a wonderfully spontaneous performance of the piece 对那支乐曲极其淳朴自然的演奏


offense |

suddenly and unexpectedly:突然和意外
in a rude or curt manner:以粗鲁或粗鲁的方式
steeply, precipitously:陡峭的，陡峭的
abruptly |əˈbrʌp(t)li| Adverb/:,突然地
the film ends rather abruptly:电影结束的很突然
she barely conceals her irritation and speaks briefly and abruptly to the woman:她几乎不掩饰自己的愤怒，简短而突然地对那个女人说话
the forested terrain ascends abruptly:林地陡升

vt. 再次使用相同的想法、方法、玩笑等:
vt. 再次使用相同的想法、方法、玩笑等:
vt. 对事物的回收利用、再利用:
recycle |[͵ri:'saɪkl]
to recycle the idea 再次使用那个点子 
to recycle his arguments 重复他的论点
to recycle the idea 再次使用那个点子 
to recycle his arguments 重复他的论点
to recycle domestic waste 回收利用生活垃圾 
recycled paper 再生纸 
These materials are recycled into other packaging products. 这些材料被回收后制成其他包装产品。
The packaging can be recycled. 包装可以回收。
recycled waste, recycled materials 回收的废物；循环使用的材料

rude (to do sth) 对别人和别人的感情缺乏尊重的，即无礼的，粗鲁的，粗野的，相当于impolite。是此义的常规用词:
adj. [文学] 制作得简单的、粗糙原始的，相当于primitive:
adj. [正式] 只用于名词前，突然的、令人不悦的且意想不到的:
adj. [尤英] [美常用crude] 与性或身体相关并使人感到冒犯或尴尬的，如下流的:
rude |[ru:d]
adj. rude (to sb) (about sb/sth) 
rude comment 粗鲁的批评 
She was very rude about my driving. 她对我的开车方法横加指责。
It’s rude to speak when you’re eating. 吃东西的时候说话不礼貌。
I hope you won’t think me rude if I leave early. 如果我提早离开，希望你不要认为我无礼。
rude shacks 简陋的小屋
to get a rude shock 大吃一惊 
If the players think they can win this match easily, they are in for a rude awakening. 如果选手们认为他们可以轻而易举地赢得这场比赛，他们会遭到当头棒喝。
rude gesture 下流的手势 
Someone made a rude noise. 有人发出了淫猥的声音。
The joke is too rude to repeat. 这个笑话太下流，不宜重复。
