contribute						捐献，提出，是原因之一
embarrass						使尴尬
weaken						动摇，衰退，变虚弱
mineral						矿物，无机物
sticky						黏糊糊的，闷热的，棘手的
challenge						挑战
excess						过量，过多的
excesses						放肆的行为
recruit						新兵，新成员，征募
overstate						夸大
generalization					概括，推论
hub							轮毂，中心
conservative					保守的，传统的
at a conservative estimate			保守估计
restock						再装满
convict						判决...有罪，囚犯
deepen						使...变深
tank							容器，一箱，坦克，惨败
negative						否定的，消极的，负面的
accelerate						加速
territory						领土，地盘
impact						冲撞，影响
distraction					分心，娱乐，精神错乱
resolve						决定，解决
\\\\\\\\

vi. contribute (to sth) 是…的原因之一:
vt.＆vi. contribute (sth) to sth 增加、改进、添加（到某事物）:
vt.＆vi. 在一次会议或谈话期间讲话（尤指为发表自己的观点）。不太常用:
vt.＆vi. contribute (sth) (to sth) 为报刊、杂志、广播节目或电视节目撰稿:
vt.＆vi. contribute (sth) (to/towards sth) 通过给予的方式（尤指给予钱物）来帮助某人或某事物，可称为捐赠、捐献、捐助:
contribute |[kən'trɪbju:t]
a contributing factor 促成因素 
Several factors might contribute to the development of the disease. 几个因素可能对病情的发展有影响。
countries that contribute disproportionately to global warming 加剧全球变暖效应的国家 
Unemployment contributes directly to homelessness. 失业对无家可归的情况有直接影响。
to contribute to the development of eating disorders 导致饮食紊乱 
Immigrants have contributed to British culture in many ways. 移民在许多方面都对英国文化有所贡献。
This book contributes little to our understanding of the subject. 此书对我们了解这门学科助益甚少。
His research has contributed enormously to our understanding of this disease. 他的研究对我们认识这一疾病贡献很大。
Parental involvement contributes significantly to children’s learning. 父母的参与对孩子学习有重要的作用。
We hope everyone will contribute to the discussion. 我们希望大家都能参与讨论。
He had very little to contribute to the conversation. 他在这次谈话中几乎什么也没说。
She contributed a number of articles to the magazine. 她给这家杂志撰写了一些稿件。
a photographer who contributed regularly to ‘The Face’ 定期向《面孔》杂志投稿的一位摄影师
I contributed £900 to the earthquake fund. 我向地震基金捐赠了900 英镑。
Would you like to contribute to our collection? 您愿意给我们的募捐捐款吗？
to contribute generously to the appeal 为这一呼吁慷慨解囊 
financially contribute 财务上捐助 
a situation where husband and wife contribute equally to the family budget 夫妻双方平等负担家庭预算的情况

vt. 给某人造成问题或困难:
vt.（尤指在社交场合）使某人感到尴尬、窘迫、害羞或不好意思:
embarrass |[ɪm'bærəs]
to embarrass the prime minister 为难首相
Her questions about my private life embarrassed me. 她询问我的私生活使我感到很尴尬。
It embarrassed her to meet him suddenly at the door. 突然在门口遇见他，这让她感到很尴尬。

vt.&vi.（使）物体的牢固度变弱（从而更容易被损坏）:
vt.&vi.（使）实力、权力、效力等变弱:
vt.&vi.（使）程度变弱:
vt.&vi.（使）物体的牢固度变弱（从而更容易被损坏）:
vt.&vi.（使）某人对某事的确定程度（或决心、信心）减弱:
vt.&vi.（使）身体变虚弱:
weaken |[ˈwi:kən]
The explosion had weakened the building's foundations. 爆炸松动了这座楼房的地基。
A bomb blast had weakened an area of brick on the back wall. 一颗炸弹爆炸使后墙的一片砖发生了松动。
The team has been weakened by injury. 这个队因伤实力减弱。
The recession has weakened so many firms that many can no longer survive. 经济衰退使许多公司实力大损，不少难以为继。
The military was badly weakened by the sanctions. 军队因制裁而受到严重削弱。
a move designed to weaken the rebels 旨在削弱叛乱分子力量的行动 
The regime was fatally weakened by the unrest and violence. 社会动荡和暴力活动使这—政权遭到了致命性的削弱。
Central authority has been progressively weakened since the outbreak of the civil war. 内战爆发后，中央权力被逐渐削弱了。
The Prime Minister's opponents believe that her authority has been fatally weakened. 首相的反对者认为她的权威已经受到致命削弱。
His authority is steadily weakening. 他的权威日趋减弱。
exchange rates that dramatically weakened the dollar 导致美元大幅贬值的汇率 
The British pound continued to weaken against the dollar. 英镑兑美元继续走弱。
The new evidence weakens the case against her. 新的证据削弱了诉她的案由。
The storm eventually weakened. 暴雨终于减弱了。
The explosion had weakened the building's foundations. 爆炸松动了这座楼房的地基。
A bomb blast had weakened an area of brick on the back wall. 一颗炸弹爆炸使后墙的一片砖发生了松动。
Never dry underwear over direct heat; it will weaken the fabric. 不要直接加热烘干内衣，那样会损坏布料。
Nothing could weaken his resolve to continue. 什么也不能削弱他继续下去的决心。
You must not agree to do it. Don't weaken. 你们一定不能同意做这件事。别心软。
I looked at the list and felt my resolve weakening. 我看着名单，觉得自己的决心正在动摇。
Jennie weakened, and finally relented. 詹妮的态度有所缓和，最终软了下来。
The judgement serves to weaken public confidence in the courts. 这个判决导致公众对法院的信心下降。
She felt her legs weaken. 她觉得两腿无力。
Malnutrition obviously weakens the patient. 营养不良明显导致病人身体虚弱。

n. [C, usually pl.] [英，正式；美用soda] 不含酒精且带有气泡的各种口味的甜饮料，即汽水:
n. [C, U] 矿物、矿物质:
mineral |['mɪnərəl]
trace mineral 微量矿物质 
rare mineral 稀有矿物 
minerals found in your bones 存在于骨骼中的矿物质 
mineral exploration 矿物勘探 
mineral content 矿物含量

adj. [计算机]（网站）能够吸引人长时间访问的，即有黏性的:
adj. 黏性的:
adj. 1 [非正式]（天气）闷热的:
2 [非正式]（人）感到热得难受的:
n. [C]（也可用sticky note）（可以写信息的）小贴纸:
adj.（纸张、标签等）一面带黏胶的:
adj. [非正式]（情况）难办的、棘手的:
sticky |[ˈstɪki]
sticky fingers covered in jam 粘满果酱的黏乎乎的手指 
sticky toffee 黏牙的太妃糖 
If the dough is sticky, add more flour. 如果面团太黏，就再加点面粉。
Stir in the milk to make a soft but not sticky dough. 把牛奶搅进去，和成软而不黏的面团。
It was covered in a really sticky mess.它被一团黏乎乎的东西盖着。
The rubber's gone all sticky.这些橡胶全都发黏了。
The paint was still slightly sticky. 油漆还有点儿黏。
His hair was sticky with blood. 他的头发因为有血而黏乎乎的。
four desperately hot, sticky days in the middle of August 八月中旬极其闷热的四天 
The air was hot and sticky. 空气湿热难耐。
a sticky situation 棘手的局面 
Inevitably the transition will yield some sticky moments. 过渡时期难免会出现一些困难的时候。
Her research was going through a sticky patch. 她的研究工作正处于一个艰难的阶段。

vt. 对一个陈述（或行动）的正确性、合法性等提出质疑；拒绝接受某事。相当于dispute:
n. [C] challenge (to sth) 某人所做出的拒绝接受某事，并质疑其正确性、合法性等的陈述或行动:
vt. 命令某人停下来并让其说出身份（或让其交代自己正在做什么），即盘问:
n. 1 [C]（可以考验某人的能力和技能的）一项新的或困难的任务，可称为挑战:
2 [C]（对某人所下的）挑战书（以邀请其参加一场比赛、一场打斗等）:
vt. 1（尤指以一种有趣的方式）考验某人的能力和技能:
2 challenge sb (to sth) 要求某人去参加一场比赛、打斗等，即向某人发出挑战；强烈建议某人应该做某事（尤指认为对方可能不愿意做此事）:
challenge |['tʃælɪndӡ]
to challenge her authority 挑战她的权威 
She challenged him on his views. 她不同意他的观点。
This discovery challenges traditional beliefs. 这项发现是对传统信念的冲击。
The newspaper was directly challenging the organization’s legitimacy. 报社直接质疑该组织的合法性。
The demonstration represents a direct challenge to the new law. 这次示威是对新法律的直接质疑。
He was answering challenges to the government’s policy. 他在回应对政府政策的质询。
a legal challenge to the President’s power 对总统权力的合法质询
We were challenged by police at the border. 我们在边境受到警察盘问。
the biggest challenge of his acting career 他演艺生涯中的最大挑战 
to face a challenge 面临挑战 
economic, environmental, intellectual, technical challenge 经济上的挑战；环境上的挑战；智力上的挑战；技术上的挑战 
a title challenge 称号挑战赛；冠军挑战赛 
I accepted his challenge to a game of chess. 我接受他的挑战，与他下一盘棋。
a challenge from the other political party 另一政党发出的挑战
The job doesn’t really challenge her. 这项工作不能真正考验出她的能力。
Mike challenged me to a game of chess. 迈克硬逼着要和我下一盘棋。
The opposition leader challenged the prime minister to call an election. 反对党领袖要求首相宣布进行大选。
No one has seriously challenged the champion. 从来没有人真正挑战过这个冠军。

n. 1 [sing, U] ~ (of sth) 比需要的、合理的或可接受的还多，即超过、过度:
2 [C, U] 超过的数量:
adj. [只用于名词前] 超过必要、通常或合法数量的，如超额的:
n. [pl.] excesses 不可接受的、非法的或不道德的极端行为，如放肆行为、越轨行为:
n. [C, usually sing.] [英] [美用deductible] 保险中的免赔额（即需要自己支付的那部分）:
excess |[ɪkˈses]
Are you suffering from an excess of stress in your life? 你生活中的压力太大吗？
In an excess of enthusiasm I agreed to work late. 我一时热情过度答应了工作到很晚。
His statements cannot be simply dismissed as rhetorical excess. 不能简单地把他的陈述斥之为夸大之词。
verbal excess 话语啰嗦 
alcoholic excess（英）过量饮酒 
He started drinking to excess after losing his job. 他失业后便开始酗酒了。
I was reasonably fit, played a lot of tennis, and didn't smoke or drink to excess. 我相当健康，经常打网球，不怎么吸烟，也不酗酒。
'Avoid excess' is the golden rule for a healthy life. 健康生活的一条黄金法则就是“避免过度”。
Polyunsaturated oils are essential for health. Excess is harmful, however. 多不饱和油对健康很重要。但是，食用过量就会有害。
The drug can be harmful if taken in excess. 过量服用药物是有害的。
Red meat, eaten to excess, is very high in fat and calories. 过量食用的红肉中脂肪和卡路里含量很高。
The energy value of dried fruits is considerably in excess of that of fresh items. 干果的能量值大大超过新鲜水果。
The car can travel at speeds in excess of 90 miles per hour. 该车的车速能达到每小时90英里以上。
a large excess of gas 严重过量的煤气 
An excess of house plants in a small flat can be oppressive. 在小公寓中摆放过多室内植物会让人觉得很压抑。
Avoid deposits in excess of £20,000 in any one account. 单一账户存款勿超过两万英镑。
The increase will not be in excess of (= more than) two per cent. 增加幅度不会超过百分之二。
You can throw away any excess. 凡超量的你都可以扔掉。
We cover costs up to £600 and then you pay the excess. 我们最多支付600英镑的费用，超过的部分由你支付。
The major reason for excess weight is excess eating. 体重超标的主要原因是饮食过量。
Excess food is stored as fat. 多余的食物作为脂肪贮存起来。
After cooking the fish, pour off any excess fat. 烹完鱼后，倒掉多余的油。
Driving with excess alcohol in the blood is a serious offence. 血液里酒精含量过高时驾车是严重的违法行为。
a letter demanding an excess fare of £20 要求额外付20英镑邮资的信 
Staff who have to travel farther can claim excess travel expenses. 需要到更远的地方出差的职员可以领取额外差旅费。
adolescent excess 青春期的放肆 
She said she was sick of her life of excess. 她说她厌倦了自己无节制的生活。
We need a free press to curb government excesses. 我们需要新闻自由来约束政府的越轨行为。
Washington has always been a city of wretched excesses.（美）华盛顿一直是一个极度放纵的城市。
the worst excesses committed by the occupying army 占领军犯下的残忍暴行
There is an excess of £100 on each claim under this policy. 本保险单每次索赔均有 100 英镑的免赔额。
The company wanted £1,800 for a policy with a £500 excess for under-21s. 那家公司想要办理单价1,800英镑的保单，并且要求21岁以下人员承担价值500英镑的免赔额。


excesses | 过激行为,过分

n. [C]（组织机构、公司等的）新成员:
vt.&vi. 招募新人（使其加入一个公司、组织机构、学校、武装部队、警队等）:
vt. 劝说某人去做某事，尤指劝说其去帮助别人:
n. [C] 新兵:
vt.&vi. 招募新人（使其加入一个武装部队）:
vt. 通过招募新人来组建一支军队、团队等:
n. [C] 新警员:
recruit |[rɪˈkru:t]
A common way for companies to find new recruits is by taking a stand at a job exhibition. 公司招人的常用方法是在招聘会上设置展台。
It's difficult to attract recruits when working conditions are so poor. 工作条件如此恶劣，引进新人极为困难 
Thousands of recruits had been enlisted and partly trained. 招募了数千新人，并对他们进行了一定程度的培训。
She tried to gain recruits for the party. 她试图为该党吸收新成员。
Their business schools provide recruits for domestic industry. 他们的商业学校为手工业生产输送新人。
new recruits to the party 政党的新成员 
tempts to attract new recruits to the nursing profession 吸引新成员进入护理行业的努力 
graduate recruit（英）毕业生新人
Soldiers were recruited from the local villages. 士兵都是从当地村庄招募的。
Some of the men were recruited into the army. 一些男子被征召入伍。
The police are trying to recruit more officers from ethnic minorities. 警察机关正试图从少数民族中征募更多的新警员。
Recruiting students to Computer Systems Engineering, the University looks for evidence of all-round ability. 在招收计算机系统工程专业的学生时，这个大学看重的是学生的综合能力。
They recruited several new members to the club. 他们吸收了几名新成员进入俱乐部。
He's responsible for recruiting at all levels. 他负责各级征募工作。
The specialist institutions directly recruit their own staff. 专家机构直接招募其所需人员。
Senior managers are being aggressively recruited by companies. 公司正在千方百计地招募高级管理人员。
GM recruited heavily in the South. 通用汽车公司在南方大量招人。
Most of the workers will be recruited locally. 大多数工人都会在本地招募。
She personally recruited the teachers. 她亲自招聘了这些教师。
Staff were recruited specially for the event. 为此次活动特别招聘了一些工作人员。
He has been recruited as Sales Manager. 他受聘为销售经理。
A hundred patients were recruited for the study. 招募了一百名患者来参加此项研究。
Ten new members were recruited to the committee. 十位新成员被吸收进委员会。
a drive to recruit and retain federal employees 招募并留住联邦雇员的活动
We were recruited to help peel the vegetables. 我们被找来帮着给蔬菜去皮。          
raw recruits marching up and down with the drill instructor 在教官的带领下齐步行进的新兵 
army, military recruit 部队新兵 
the training of new recruits 新兵训练 
He spoke of us scornfully as raw recruits (= people without training or experience). 他轻蔑地称我们是新兵娃娃。
Soldiers were recruited from the local villages. 士兵都是从当地村庄招募的。
Some of the men were recruited into the army. 一些男子被征召入伍。
to recruit a task force 组建特遣部队
police recruit 新警察

state too strongly, exaggerate:state太强烈，夸张
overstate |ˌəʊvəˈsteɪt| Verb/:,言过其实
I overstated my case to make my point:我夸大了我的情况来表达我的观点

n. [C, U] 概括；归纳；概论（即总体上看起来正确，但细节上并非完全正确的说法）:
generalization |[ˌdʒenrəlaɪˈzeɪʃn;美-ləˈz-]
abstract generalization 抽象的概括 
a speech full of broad/sweeping generalizations 满是概而论之话语的发言 
Try to avoid generalization. 尽量避免泛泛而论。
He is making sweeping generalizations to get his point across. 为了让大家领会他的观点，他正在作全面的概括。
The author makes several sweeping generalizations about the causes of the crisis. 作者笼统地归纳了几个导致这场危机的原因。
The evaluation of conduct involves some amount of generalization. 对操行的评价会含有一些泛泛之论。  

the central part of a wheel, rotating on or with the axle, and from which the spokes radiate.:车轮的中心部分，在车轴上或与车轴一起旋转，辐条从这里向外辐射。
the effective centre of an activity, region, or network:活动、地区或网络的有效中心
a central airport or other transport facility from which many services operate:一个中央机场或其他许多服务运营的交通设施
hub |hʌb| Noun/:中心,枢纽,毂,集线器
the city has always been the financial hub of the country:这座城市一直是该国的金融中心
the airport authority's policy promotes Manchester as an international hub:机场管理局的政策将曼彻斯特提升为国际枢纽

adj. 1 反对巨大或突然的社会变革的；表现出对传统风格和价值观的偏爱的。即保守的，守旧的:
2（估计）低于可能的实际数额或数量的，即保守估计的:
n. [C] 一个保守的人:
adj. 常用Conservative，与英国的保守党有关的，即保守党的:
n. [C] 常用Conservative，简写为Con. 英国保守党的一名党员或一名支持者:
conservative |[kən'sə:vətɪv][kən'sə:vətɪv]
the conservative views of his parents 他父母的保守观念 
a conservative political outlook 保守的政治观点 
conservative values 保守的价值观 
culturally, morally conservative 文化上保守的；道德上保守的 
Her style of dress was never conservative. 她的服装式样一点儿也不保守。
At a conservative estimate, he’ll be earning £800. 按照保守的估计，他会赚到800英镑。
diehard conservative 顽固的保守主义者 
political conservative 政治上的保守分子 
cultural conservative 文化保守主义者
Conservative members, Conservative supporters 保守党的党员；保守党的支持者 

replenish (a store) with fresh stock or supplies:replenish（商店）有新鲜的库存或用品
restock |ˌriːˈstɒk| Verb/:补货,重新进货
work began at once to restock the fishery:工作立即开始补充渔业资源

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (of sth)（在法庭上）裁定并正式宣布某人有罪:
n. [C]（也可用非正式的con） 已被判决有罪并被送进监狱的一个人，即已决犯、服刑囚犯:
convict |[kənˈvɪkt]
In 1977 he was convicted of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment. 1977年，他被判谋杀罪名成立，判处终身监禁。
There was insufficient evidence to convict him. 没有足够证据给他定罪。
a convicted murderer 已定罪的谋杀犯 
He was convicted of fraud. 他被判犯有诈骗罪。
an escaped convict 越狱犯           

make or become deep or deeper:makeor变得更深或更深
deepen |ˈdiːp(ə)n| Verb/:深化,加深

vt.＆vi. 在美式英语中可指输掉一场体育比赛，尤指故意输掉:
n. 1 [C] 储存或盛放液体或气体的大容器，即罐、箱、槽等:
2 [C] 罐、箱、槽里所装之物，或其容量:
n. [C] 在印度英语中可指一个人工挖掘或开凿的水池、湖泊或水库、蓄水池:
vi. 在美式非正式英语中，可指公司、产品（如股票价格或电影）等表现得很糟糕，或彻底失败，例如由于资金大量亏损:
n. [C] 坦克:
tank |[tæŋk]
She was accused of tanking the match. 有人指责她故意输掉这场比赛。
glass, steel tank 玻璃罐；钢罐 
50-gallon tank 50加仑的罐子 
fuel, oil, oxygen, water tank 燃料箱；储油罐；氧气罐；水箱 
gas tank 燃气罐（gas tank在美国通常指汽车或摩托车的油箱；在英国，则指储气罐）
a water storage tank 储水罐 
septic tank 化粪池 
fish tank 鱼缸；水族箱 
We drove there and back on one tank of petrol. 我们开车去那里来回用了一油箱汽油。
The company’s shares tanked on Wall Street. 这家公司的股票在华尔街彻底崩盘了。
army, battle tank 陆军坦克；作战坦克 
Tanks rolled in to the siege. 坦克赶来解围。
tank company（尤美）坦克连 
tank commander, tank crew 坦克车长；坦克乘员

adj. 只考虑不好方面的，缺乏热情或希望的，如消极的:
n. [C] 否定的词语或陈述；拒绝或否定:
vt. [正式] 否定…的真实性:
adj. 1 表示一个否定回答的:
2 语法上含有否定词（如no、not、never等）的:
adj. [术语]（电）负极的、阴极的:
adj. 数量小于零的，负数的:
vt. [正式] 拒绝同意一项提议或一个请求:
n. [C] 拒绝或否定:
adj. 科学或医学化验的结果为阴性的（即不含有某种物质或没显示某种医学迹象）:
n. [C] 化验中的阴性结果（即某种物质或条件不存在）:
n. [C] 摄影中可指底片:
adj. 坏的，有害的:
negative |[ˈnegətɪv]
Scientists have a fairly negative attitude to the theory. 科学家对这个理论的态度是相当消极的。
He's been rather negative about the idea. 他对这种想法一直持相当否定的态度。
He accused of me of being overly negative. 他指责我过于消极。
‘He probably won't show up. ’ ‘Don't be so negative.’ “他很可能不会露面。”“别那么泄气嘛。” 
Why does the media present such a negative view of this splendid city? 媒体为什么对这座光彩夺目的城市持如此悲观的看法？
The news from overseas is overwhelmingly negative. 来自海外的消息特别不容乐观。
the strongly negative implications of these survey results 这些调查结果极其负面的含义 
Critical thinking is essentially negative as it seeks to dissect and not to build. 批判性思维本质上是否定的，因为其寻求的是剖析，而非建构。
She answered in the negative (= said ‘no ’).（正式用法）她作了否定的回答。
In the past we have heard only negatives when it came to following a healthy diet. 说到遵循健康饮食习惯，我们过去听到的都是否定的说法。
Seventy-nine voted in the affirmative, and none in the negative. 79人投赞成票，没有人投反对票。
'I went' in the negative is 'I did not go'. I went (我去了)的否定式是 I did not go (我没去)。
His response was negative. 他的回答是否定的。
They received a negative reply. 他们得到一个否定的答复。
She spoke in entirely negative terms. 她讲的话是全盘否定。
Upon a negative decision, the applicant loses the protection offered by Belgian law. 一旦得到否定裁决，申请人就失去了比利时法律的保护。
Reaction to last night's attack was uniformly negative. 对昨晚的袭击，大家一致反对。
negative form, negative sentence 否定形式；否定句
negative charge, negative current 负电荷；负电流 
the negative terminal of a battery 电池的阴极
a negative trade balance 贸易逆差 
The weakest students can end up with a negative score. 最差的学生可能会以负分收场。
Seventy-nine voted in the affirmative, and none in the negative. 79人投赞成票，没有人投反对票。
He tested negative for HIV infection. 他的艾滋病病毒检测为阴性 
The antibody test proved negative. 抗体检测结果为阴性。
The urine tests were negative for protein. 尿液蛋白检测结果呈阴性。
Her pregnancy test was negative. 她的孕检呈阴性。
negative test results 阴性的测试结果 
So far 57 have taken the test and all have been negative. 到目前为止，参加测试的有57人，测试结果均呈阴性。
false negatives generated by the cancer test 癌症检查结果中的假阴性
original negative 原始底片 
photographic negative 照相底片 
film, glass negative 电影胶片；玻璃底片 
to develop negatives 冲洗底片 
We must assume that the spy kept the negatives. 我们必须假定间谍留有底片。
The crisis had a negative effect on trade. 这次危机对贸易产生了很坏的影响。
All this had an extremely negative effect on the criminal justice system. 这一切对刑事司法制度产生了极坏的影响。
The whole experience was definitely more positive than negative. 整个经历当然是利多于弊。

vi.（交通工具或人）加速。是“加速”的常规用词:
vt.＆vi. 某事发生（或使某事发生）得比预料的更快或更早，即加速:
accelerate |[ək'seləreɪt]
The runners accelerated smoothly around the bend. 赛跑运动员在转弯处平稳地加速。
The car accelerated to overtake me. 那辆汽车加速超过了我。
Inflation continues to accelerate. 通货膨胀不断加速。
Exposure to the sun can accelerate the ageing process. 暴露在日光下会加快老化过程。
The epidemic is accelerating dramatically. 该流行病正以惊人的速度蔓延。

n. 1 [C, U] 某人在工作或其它活动中所负责的一个地区（如一个城镇、国家等）:
2 [U]（具有一定特点的）某类地区或地带:
n. [C, U]（个人、知识的）领域、（经验的）范围:
n. 1 [C, U] 由一个国家或统治者所统治的土地，即领土、领地:
2 [C]（也可用Territory）作为美国、澳大利亚或加拿大的一部分的一个国家或地区，但不是州或省，在美国可称为准州:
n. [C, U]（群体、动物等所占据的）管区、地盘:
n. [sing.] come with the ~ 是难免的事、是必然的事:
territory |[ˈterətri;美-tɔ:ri]
Our representatives cover a very large territory. 我们的代理人负责的地区很广。
unexplored territory 未勘察地区 
mountainous territory 多山地带 
a vast and uninhabited territory 广阔的无人居住区
unknown territory 未知领域 
virgin territory 处女地 
unexplored territory 未开拓的领域 
This type of work is uncharted territory for us. 我们从未涉足过这类工作。
Legal problems are Andy's territory (= he deals with them). 法律问题由安迪负责处理。
Following the futuristic The Handmaid's Tale, Margaret Atwood's seventh novel, Cat's Eye, returns to more familiar territory. 写完了具有未来色彩的《女仆的故事》之后，玛格丽特·阿特伍德的第七部小说《猫眼》回归到了人们较熟悉的题材上。
The writer is back on home territory with his latest novel. 作者在他的最新小说里又回到了他所熟悉的领域 
Tired of writing detective novels, she began to explore new territory. 她厌烦了写侦探小说，开始探索新的创作领域。
Reading from a tedious technical brief for hours on end, he would stray into difficult territory. 连续看上几个小时枯燥的技术简报后，他会不自觉地钻起牛角尖来。
Many books have covered this territory before. 以前许多书籍涉及过这一领域。
The parties have been staking out their territory on education. 各方已经明确了各自在教育问题上的立场。
They have refused to allow UN troops to be stationed in their territory. 他们拒不允许联合国部队驻扎在他们的国土上。
The government denies that any of its territory is under rebel control. 政府否认有领土被反叛分子所控制。
Russian territory 俄罗斯领土 
former French territories 以前的法国领地 
neighbouring, surrounding territory 毗邻的领土；周围的领地 
home, national territory 国土；国家的领土 
alien, foreign, overseas territory 异国的领土；海外领地 
enemy, hostile territory 地方领土；敌方领地 
neutral territory 中立的领土 
colonial, dependent（尤英）, trust（尤英）territory 殖民的领地；附属的领地；托管的领地 
a UN trust territory administered by New Zealand 新西兰管理的联合国托管领土 
Troops were stationed on sovereign German territory. 军队驻扎在德国的主权领土上。
annexed, conquered, lost, occupied territory 被吞并的领土；被征服的领土；沦丧的领土；被占领的领土 
a town in British-occupied territory 英国占领地上的一个小镇 
contested, disputed territory 有争议的领土 
uncharted territory 地图上未标明的土地 
The territory had been controlled by Azerbaijan for many years. 那片土地已被阿塞拜疆控制多年。
The soldiers strayed into hostile territory. 士兵们误入敌方领地。
The territory was never densely settled. 那片土地上一直人烟稀少。
He toured some of the disputed territories now under UN control. 他去一些目前由联合国接管的争议地区巡视了一番。
The explorers set off to conquer new territories. 探险家们动身去征服新的领地了。
Guam and American Samoa are US territories. 关岛和美属萨摩亚是美国的准州。
breeding, nesting territory 繁殖地；巢址 
The male establishes a territory and attracts a female. 雄性建立领地吸引雌性。
Mating blackbirds will defend their territory against intruders. 乌鸫交配时会保护自己的地盘，不允许外来者侵入。
The territory of a cat only remains fixed for as long as the cat dominates the area. 猫的地盘只在它占据那个地方的时候是固定不变的。
Doing human rights work is risky business. That comes with the territory. 做人权工作是要冒风险的。这是难免的。
You can't expect not to have a debate; that's what comes with the territory in a democracy. 不要指望不会发生辩论，那在民主社会已成为必然。

vt.&vi. ~ (on/upon) sth 对某事物有影响、有作用:
n. [C, usually sing, U] ~ (of sth) (on sb/sth) 对某人或某事物产生的巨大影响:
n. [C, usually sing, U] 物体之间的撞击力:
n. [C, usually sing, U] 物体之间的撞击:
vt.&vi. ~ (on/upon/with) sth [正式] 撞击:
impact |[ˈɪmpækt]
The company's performance was impacted by the high value of the pound. 公司的业绩受到了英镑高值的冲击。
to impact on inflation and competition 对通货膨胀和竞争产生影响 
Such schemes mean little unless they impact on people. 这些计划没什么意义，除非它们对人民产生影响。
Her father's death impacted greatly on her childhood years. 父亲去世对她的童年造成巨大影响。
cultural, ecological, economic, emotional, financial, health, political, psychological, social impact 文化影响；生态影响；经济影响；情感影响；财务影响；健康影响；政治影响；心理影响；社会影响 
Businesses are beginning to feel the full impact of the recession. 工商企业开始感受到了经济衰退的全面冲击。
the impact of the debt crisis on developing countries 本次债务危机对发展中国家的影响 
Variations in the interest rate will have an impact on the whole housing market. 利率的变动将对整个房地产市场产生影响。
the initial impact of the reforms 改革的最初影响 
the likely impact of the changes on employment patterns 这些变化对雇佣模式可能产生的影响 
to minimize the impact of price rises on our customers 努力使涨价对我们的顾客产生的影响降至最低 
to resist the impact of poverty on the health of their children 避免贫困对孩子的健康产生影响 
They say they expect the meeting to have a marked impact on the future of the country. 他们称他们预期会议对国家的未来会产生显著影响。
the wider impact of this proposal 这份提议的更广泛的影响 
the personal impact of party leaders 政党领袖的个人影响力 
the environmental impact of tourism 旅游事业对环境的巨大影响 
the impact of AIDS on the gay community 艾滋病对同性恋群体的影响 
the major impact of this epidemic 这种传染病的重大影响 
Architecturally, these churches reflected the impact of the Renaissance. 从建筑风格来看，这些教堂受到了文艺复兴的影响。
The railways made a direct physical impact on the landscape. 铁路对地貌产生直接影响。
We'll show you how to dress for maximum impact at the all-important audition. 这次试演关系重大，我们会教你如何着装才能取得最佳效果。
the cumulative impact of a series of damaging events 一系列危害事件所产生的累积影响 
Her speech made a profound impact on everyone. 她的讲话对每个人都有深远的影响。
You certainly made a big impact on Carter. 你确实对卡特产生了很大影响。
the human impact on the dolphins 人类对海豚的影响 
physical, visual impact 生理影响；视觉影响 
potential impact 潜在的影响 
decisive impact 决定性的影响 
positive, negative impact 积极的影响；消极的影响
The front coach of the train took the full impact of the crash. 火车的前部车厢承受了全部撞击力。
A well-designed sports shoe should absorb the impact on the 28 bones in each foot. 设计精良的运动鞋应能减轻冲击力，保护单足的28块骨头。
asteroid impact 小行星撞击 
craters made by meteorite impacts 陨石撞击而成的陨石坑 
The front of the car had crumpled on impact. 汽车前部因撞击叠成了一团。
The car is fitted with side impact bars (= to protect it from a blow from the side). 这辆车的两侧都安装了保险杠。
Air bags are designed to soften the impact for crash victims. 气囊是为减缓撞车事故受害人所受冲击而设计的。
to die on impact 死于撞击 
to survive the impact 在撞击中幸存下来 
The bomb explodes on impact (= when it hits something). 炸弹受到撞击就爆炸。
The impact of the blow knocked Jack off balance. 这一记猛击把杰克打了个趔趄。
impact speed, impact velocity 撞击速度 
the moment of impact 撞击的瞬间 
the sharp tinkle of metal impacting on stone 金属撞击石头发出的刺耳叮当声 
The missile merely impacted with the ground prematurely. 导弹只是提前撞向了地面。          

n. [C, U]（当某人正在做某事或正在考虑某事时）让人分散注意力的事、使人分心的事:
n. [C] 娱乐活动、消遣活动:
distraction |[dɪˈstrækʃn]
I find it hard to work at home because there are too many distractions. 我发觉在家里工作很难，因为使人分心的事太多。
cinema audiences looking for distraction 寻求解闷的电影观众 
I feel this is getting to be a distraction from what I really want to do. 我觉得这开始让我无法集中精神做我真正想做的事情了。
Total concentration is required with no distractions. 要全神贯注，不能有丝毫分神。
A very clingy child can drive a parent to distraction. 一个非常黏人的孩子会让父母不胜其烦。
love sb to distraction 爱某人爱得发狂 
Her odd appearance is a major distraction whenever she is on screen. 无论何时她出现在屏幕上，她怪异的外表总是很碍眼。
driver distraction（尤美）让司机分心的事情 
new laws to address driver distraction caused by phone conversations 针对司机开车打电话分心这一问题的新法律 
She caused a distraction by setting off the alarm. 她弄响了警报，造成了混乱。
The TV provided a distraction from his work. 电视使他能摆脱工作放松放松。
Becca used the distraction to make a run for it. 贝卡趁乱逃之天天。
She worked hard all morning, without distraction. 她埋头工作了整整一个上午，一点儿也没分心。
Work was a welcome distraction from her problems at home. 工作正好把她的注意力从家庭问题上转移开。
every conceivable distraction from show jumping to bouncy castles 每一个能想象得到的娱乐项目，从跳跃障碍赛到塑料充气城堡 
Their national distraction is going to the disco. 他们的全民消遣就是去蹦迪。

vt. [正式] 为问题或困难找到一个可接受的解决方案，即解决（问题或困难）。相当于settle:
vt.&vi. [正式]（使）某事物分解为更清晰的形式（其形状或各构成部分将变得清晰）:
n. [U] ~ (to do sth) [正式] 达成某事的一种强烈的决心、坚定的信念，相当于resolution:
vt.&vi. [正式] ~ (on sth/on doing sth) 做出一个坚决的决定去做某事，如决心、决定:
vt.&vi. [正式]（委员会、会议等）通过正式表决而做出一项决定:
resolve sth into sth（使）分解:
resolve |[rɪˈzɒlv;美rɪˈzɑ:lv]
to resolve an issue, to resolve a dispute, to resolve a conflict, to resolve a crisis 解决问题；解决争端；解决冲突；解决危机 
Both sides met in order to try to resolve their differences. 双方会晤以努力解决分歧。
They met in a last-ditch attempt to resolve their differences. 他们的会晤是为化解分歧所作的最后努力。
The two countries have failed to resolve their differences on this. 两国未能化解在此事上的分歧。
We must find a way to resolve these problems before it's too late. 我们必须及时找到解决这些问题的方法。
The matter is not yet fully resolved. 这件事还没有完全解决。
We hope that the dispute can be resolved peacefully. 我们希望能够和平地解决争端。
The crisis was finally resolved through high-level negotiations. 危机最终通过高层谈判得以消除。
The family feuding could resolve itself. 家族恩怨可以自行化解。
like a musician resolving a confused mass of sound into melodic or harmonic order 就像音乐家那样将混乱嘈杂的声音变成优美和谐的旋律 
Each of the spirals of light resolved into points. 每一束螺旋光都分解成了光点。
The difficulties in her way merely strengthened her resolve. 她所遇到的困难只是让她更加坚定。
The government reiterated its resolve to uncover the truth. 政府重申一定要查个水落石出。
This will strengthen the American public's resolve to go to war. 这会坚定美国公众诉诸战争的决心。
He resolved not to tell her the truth. 他决定不告诉她真相。
She resolved (that) she would never see him again. 她决心再也不见他了。
We had resolved on making an early start. 我们已经决定早点动身。
She resolved to report the matter to the hospital's nursing manager. 她决定把这件事汇报给医院的护士长。
She resolved that, if Mimi forgot this promise, she would remind her. 她决定，如果米米忘记了这个承诺，她就提醒她。
It was resolved that the matter be referred to a higher authority. 经过表决决定把这件事提交给上级主管部门。
The Supreme Council resolved to resume control over the national press. 最高理事会决定重新接管对国家新闻机构的控制。
vt.&vi. resolve into sth 
like a musician resolving a confused mass of sound into melodic or harmonic order 就像音乐家那样将混乱嘈杂的声音变成优美和谐的旋律 
Each of the spirals of light resolved into points. 每一束螺旋光都分解成了光点。
to resolve a complex argument into its basic elements 把一个复杂的论点分解成几个基本要点
