exception						例外，异议
sustainable						可持续性的
trigger						板机
intend						想要，计划，意指
spread						展开，涂，覆盖，传播，范围
estimate						估计，评价
technique						方法，技术，技巧
include						包括
academic						学业的
distinctive						特别的
consist						组成
bid							出价，争取，表达，命令
benefit						益处，获益
downsize						精简
avoid							避免，避开
gender						性别
interracial						种族间的
complaint						抱怨，抗议，疾病
pattern						图案，榜样，模式，模仿，样品
mood							心情，坏心情，气氛
the indicative mood				陈述语气
sympathy						同情，支持，意气相投
discount						折扣，不予考虑，贴现
value							价值，重要，值，重视
moral values					道德观
altitude						海拔，纬度
groundsheet						防潮布
evolutionary					进化的，演变的
implement						工具，实施
dominant						支配的，显眼的，首要的
scope							范围，领域，机会
suspect						推测，怀疑，嫌疑犯，不可信的
\\\\\\\\

n. 1 [C] 一般情况以外的人（或事物），即例外:
2 [C] 不遵循某一规则的事物:
exception |[ɪkˈsepʃn]
Most of the buildings in the town are modern, but the church is an exception. 城里大多是现代建筑，不过教堂是个例外。
With very few exceptions, private schools get the best exam results. 私立学校的考试成绩是最好的，很少有例外情况。
Nobody had much money at the time and I was no exception. 那时候谁都没有很多钱，我也不例外。
Most industries have suffered badly in the recession, but there have been a few notable exceptions. 在经济衰退期间大多数产业受到严重影响，但有几个明显的例外。
My family grew closer over the years. The only exception was my aunt. 这些年来我的家人之间越来越亲近，唯一的例外是我姑姑。
all American presidents, with the sole exception of Carter 除了卡特之外的所有美国总统 
all of them--with the partial exception of Ireland 所有国家——爱尔兰部分地区除外 
There are occasional exceptions to my generalization. 我的概括偶然也有例外。
There was an interesting exception to this general pattern. 此通用模式有一个有意思的例外。
There should be specific exceptions written into the plan. 那些特定的例外情况应该写到这个计划中去。
We are making a special exception for Emma because of her condition. 因为艾玛的情况特殊，我们把她作为例外。
With the possible exception of the US, no other nation experienced a more severe depression.可能除了美国之外，其他国家没有经历过更加严重的萧条。
With a few honourable honorable exceptions, politicians kept quiet about the corruption.除了几位值得尊敬的政治家外，其他政界人士对腐败缄口不提。
No parking is allowed, but an exception is made for disabled drivers. 此处禁止停车，但对残疾驾车者例外。
The reform bill carves out several specific exceptions for treatment of health expenses.（carve out为美式用法）这项改革法案为医疗支出的处理开创了几个特定的先例。She asked the state Supreme Court to grant an exception. 她请求州最高法院准许将其作为一种例外。
Such initiatives remain the exception, rather than the rule. 这些倡议依然是例外，而不是常规。
The whole of the island was flooded with the exception of a small area in the north. 除了北部一小块地方以外，整个岛都被淹没了。
Without exception, all employees must carry their identity card with them at all times. 所有雇员无一例外地任何时候都要带着身份证。
Guide dogs are the one exception to the store's ban on dogs. 这家商店禁止带狗入内，但导盲犬除外。
The weather had been rainy for days, and the day of the race was no exception. 天一直下雨，比赛那天也不例外。
With a few exceptions, the songwriting is very good. 除个别地方外，这首歌写得很好。
Good writing is unfortunately the exception rather than the rule (= it is unusual). 可惜优秀的文字作品真是可遇不可求。
Nowadays a job for life is very much the exception rather than the rule. 现在终身职业只是例外而不是常规了。
There are always a lot of exceptions to grammar rules. 语法规则总是有很多例外。
They represent an exception to the rule. 他们代表的是这项规定的例外情况。
Most of his family are sports enthusiasts, but he's the exception to the rule. 他家中大部分人都是体育迷，但他是个例外

adj. 1（对自然资源和能源的利用）可持续的，不破坏环境的:
2（计划、方法、体制等）可持续长时间的:
sustainable |[səˈsteɪnəbl]
the management, conservation and sustainable development of forests 森林的管理、保护和可持续发展 
sustainable forest management 合理的森林管理 
sustainable forestry 可持续的林业 
Try to buy wood that you know has come from a sustainable source. 尽量购买来自可持续发展林的木材。
an environmentally sustainable society 保持生态环境平衡的社会 
sustainable exploitation 可持续的开发利用 
sustainable resource 可持续的资源 
sustainable tourism 可持续的旅游业 
sustainable economic growth 经济的可持续增长 
The creation of an efficient and sustainable transport system is critical to the long-term future of London. 建立一套高效稳定的交通体系对伦敦的长远发展意义重大。
a sustainable recovery in consumer spending 消费支出的持续性复苏

vt. ~ sth (off) 使某事突然发生，即引发:
~ (to sth/to do sth)（尤指引发不良反应或发展的）起因，诱因:
vt. 使一个装置启动:
n. 1 [C] 枪的扳机:
2 [C] 炸弹的引爆器:
trigger |[ˈtrɪgə(r)]
the incident which triggered the outbreak of the First World War 导致第一次世界大战爆发的事件 
The current recession was triggered by a slump in consumer spending 目前的经济衰退是由消费支出骤跌引起的。
Nuts can trigger off a violent allergic reaction. 坚果可以引起严重的过敏反应。
The trigger for the strike was the closure of yet another factory. 触发这次罢工的是另一家工厂的关闭。
Stress may act as a trigger for these illnesses. 压力可能会成为引发这些疾病的原因。
to trigger an alarm 触发警报器 
The bomb was triggered by a wire. 那颗炸弹是由一根导线引爆的。
to pull/squeeze the trigger 扣动扳机 
He kept his finger on the trigger. 他的手指一直勾着扳机。
Her finger tightened on the trigger as she heard footsteps approaching. 她听到脚步声越来越近，便用手指紧扣扳机。
trigger devices for nuclear weapons 核武器的引爆器

vt.＆vi.（在头脑中对要做的事情）计划，打算。极为常用:
intend sth (as sth) 意思是…，意指，类似于mean，但远不如mean常用:
intend |[ɪn'tend]
I never intended to hurt you. 我从来都没想伤害你。
The bomb was probably intended for him. 那颗炸弹很可能是要炸他。
It is intended that production will start at the end of the month. 计划月底将开始生产。
vt. intend sth (by sth) 
What exactly did you intend by that remark? 你那句话到底想说什么？
He intended it as a joke. 他只是想开个玩笑。

vt. spread sth (out) (over sth) 把…划分成各部分后分配到不同的时间（即分若干次来进行），或分配给不同的人等（即分摊）:
vt. spread sth (out) 张开或伸开手臂、腿脚、手指等:
n. [C, usually sing.]（人或事物的）多样，广泛:
n. [C] [美] 相当于bedspread，即（作为装饰用的）床罩（套在床上、床单上或毛毯上等）:
n. [C, U] 抹在面包上的柔软食物:
spread (B with A) 把一种物质涂抹到食物的表面；或能够被涂抹到食物表面:
n. [C] [非正式]（尤指为特殊场合准备的）一顿丰盛的饭食:
spread (B with A) 把一种物质涂抹到食物的表面；或能够被涂抹到食物表面:
n. [C, usually sing.] [美] spread (of sth) 一片水域:
n. [C, usually sing.] [美] spread (of sth) 一片陆地。强调该片土地在空间上的连续性和广阔感:
n. [C, usually sing.] spread (of sth)（某事物所覆盖的）面积。不常用:
n. [C, usually sing.] spread (of sth)（某事物的）宽度:
vt. spread sth (out) (on/over sth) 展开或打开折叠品，让其覆盖一个更大的区域:
spread (B with A) 把一种物质涂抹到…的表面；或能够被涂抹到…表面:
vt. spread sth (out) (on/over sth) 把物品摊开，让其覆盖一个更大的区域:
vt.＆vi. 事物覆盖（或使…覆盖）一个越来越大的区域，即蔓延，扩散等:
vi. spread (out) 覆盖一大片区域，即延伸，扩张等:
n. [C, usually sing.] spread (of sth) 涉及的区域或活动范围:
vt. 使…分布于（或分散于）不同的地方:
vt.＆vi. 在人们之间流传，传播；或使流传，使传播。是一个常规用词，极为常用:
n. [U] 传播，蔓延，散布，扩展等:
vt.＆vi. 疾病在人们之间传播；或使疾病传播。是此义的常规用词，极为常用:
n. [U] 疾病的传播，蔓延:
n. [U] 在商业和金融领域可指（两种比率或价格的）差额，尤指股票买卖的价差:
n. [C] 书籍、报刊或杂志上（在一张纸上的）相反的两页:
spread |[spred]
to spread the food over ten days 把食物分散在十天里吃  
to pay monthly and spread the cost of the machine 把这台机器的费用按月分期支付 
The meeting will be spread over three days. 本届会议将分三天举行。
The course takes forty hours, spread over twenty weeks. 这门课程共需四十个小时，分二十周上完。
to spread the task between the departments 把任务分摊给各部门 
to spread the state’s wealth more evenly 更加平均地分配国家财富
Spread your legs. 把你的腿伸开。
Spread your arms. 张开双臂。
a broad spread of opinions 各种各样的观点
cheese spread 奶酪酱 
Use a low-fat spread instead of butter. 抹点低脂肪的东西吧，不要抹黄油了。
vt.＆vi. spread (A on/over B) 
to spread butter on a piece of toast 在烤面包片上抹黄油
He had laid on a huge spread for the party. 他为聚会安排了丰盛的食物。 
vt.＆vi. spread (A on/over B) 
to spread the mixture in the cake pan 把该混合物摊在蛋糕烤盘里
a vast spread of water 一片浩瀚的水域
He has a huge spread in this country. 他在该国拥有大片土地。
His arms have a spread of nearly two metres. 他的臂展近两米。
to spread the map on a desk 在桌子上展开地图 
to spread a plastic on the desk 在桌子上铺上塑料 
to spread a towel on the grass 把一块毛巾铺在草坪上 
He had a newspaper spread open on his knee. 他把报纸展开放在膝上。
The bird spread its wings. 鸟儿展开翅膀。
vt.＆vi. spread (A on/over B) 
to spread butter on a piece of toast 在烤面包片上抹黄油 
to spread the paint evenly 均匀地刷油漆
to spread pictures on the desk 把一些照片摊在书桌上 
The fire rapidly spread to adjoining buildings. 大火迅速蔓延到了临近的建筑物。
Water began to spread across the floor. 水开始漫过地板。
A smile spread slowly across her face. 她脸上慢慢绽开微笑。
A red stain was spreading across his shirt. 一个红色的污渍正在他的衬衫上渗开。
Its roots spread widely. 它的根蔓生得很开。
The stream spread out beneath us. 溪流在我们下方延伸。
The corporation has a good geographical spread of branches in this country. 该公司在该国开设的分支机构地理分布相当广。
Seeds are spread by the wind. 种子是随风传播的。
The company has 50 branches spread all over the country. 该公司有50家分支机构分布在全国各地。
With four markets to manage, there’s a danger that’s she’s spreading herself too thin. 她要管理四个市场，恐怕会分身乏术。
to spread rumours about sb 散布关于某人的谣言 
The news spread like wildfire. 这消息传得快极了。
the sense of fear spreading in residential neighbourhoods 在住宅区蔓延的恐惧感 
Her confidence had spread throughout the team. 她的信心感染了全体队员。
The disease is spread easily by mosquitoes. 这种疾病很容易通过蚊子来传播。
His fame had spread far and wide. 他声名远扬。
The effects of this policy spread far beyond children now at school. 这一政策的影响已经远远超出了在校儿童的范围。
Use of smartphones spread rapidly during that period. 在那段时期，智能手机的使用迅速普及开来。
Expertise in this field is very thinly spread across the country. 该领域的专门技术在该国没有怎么得到推广。
The industrial revolution is spreading across the world. 工业革命正向全世界扩散。
the spread of information, the spread of disease, the spread of fire 信息的逐渐传播；疾病的传播；火势的蔓延 
the spread of a city into the surrounding areas 城市向周边地区的扩展
The disease is spread easily by mosquitoes. 这种疾病很容易通过蚊子来传播。
the spread of disease 疾病的传播
Market makers earn their livings from the spread between buying and selling prices. 炒股者赚取股票买卖的价格差。
A photograph of the star adorned the centre/center spread. 那位明星的照片刊登在中间跨页上。
double spread 横贯两版的文章 
five-page spread 五页的版面 
full-page spread 一整版的广告 
fashion, photo spread 时装广告；图片广告

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sth (at sth) 估计、估算（成本、尺寸、价值等）:
n. 1 [C]（对数量、成本等的）估计、估价、估算:
2 [C]（基于现有证据而对一个人或一种情况进行的）评价、评估、判断:
3 [C]（让员工提交的）估算单、预算书（是对项目成本的估算）:
estimate |[ˈestɪmət]
The satellite will cost an estimated £400 million. 这颗卫星估计要耗资4亿英镑。
Police estimate the crowd at 30 000. 警方估计聚集的人有3万。
The deal is estimated to be worth around $1.5 million. 这笔交易估计价值150万元左右。
We estimated (that) it would cost about €5 000. 我们估计要花费大约 5 000 欧元。
It is estimated (that) the project will last four years. 据估计，这项工程将持续四年。
It is hard to estimate how many children suffer from dyslexia. 很难估计有多少孩子有诵读困难。
how to roughly estimate your caloric intake 如何粗略估算热量摄入 
It is conservatively estimated that not less than half a million people died in the famine. 据保守估计，死于这场饥荒的人数不下五十万。
This made it possible to estimate the effect of workplace ventilation. 这样就能够估计工作场所的通风效果。
The results of the survey were used to estimate the preferences of the population at large. 调查结果已用于估计公众的大致喜好。
I can give you a rough estimate of the amount of wood you will need. 我可以粗略估计一下你所需要的木材量。
a ballpark estimate (= an approximate estimate) 大致相近的估计 
official government estimates of traffic growth over the next decade 政府对今后十年交通增长的正式估计 
At least 5 000 people were killed, and that's a conservative estimate (= the real figure will be higher). 至少5 000人丧生，这还是个保守的估计。
the official estimate of the election result 竞选结果的官方预测 
This figure is five times the original estimate. 这个数据是最初估算的五倍。
Current estimates suggest that supplies will run out within six months. 据目前估计，供给品将在六个月之内用尽。
Inflation could rise by 15% according to the latest estimate. 据最新估计，通货膨胀率可能上升15%。
optimistic, pessimistic estimate 乐观的估计；悲观的估计 
cost, earnings estimate 成本估计；收入估算 
population estimate 人口估算 
casualty estimate 伤亡估算 
I hadn't been far wrong in my estimate of his grandson's capabilities. 我对他孙子的能力的判断还不算太离谱。
The shop also offers a curtain-making and fitting service. Quotes and estimates can be prepared by computer on the spot. 那家商店还提供窗帘制作和安装服务，而且可以用计算机现场制作报价单和预算书。

n. 1 [U, C]（在某一艺术、体育或其他实践性的活动中所采用的）技巧或技艺（该技巧或技艺可通过训练和实践来获得）:
2 [U, C] 技术，此时其含义与technology相近，但technique一般只强调其实用性，而不太强调该技术的系统性和学术性:
technique |[tek'ni:k]
swimming technique 游泳技术 
cooking, painting, singing, narrative technique 烹饪技巧；油画技巧；歌唱技巧；叙事手法 
reading techniques 阅读技巧 
communication, dating, exam, management, marketing, problem-solving, relaxation, research, sales, teaching technique 交流技巧；约会技巧；应试技巧；管理技巧；营销技巧；解决问题的技巧；放松方法；研究方法；销售技巧；教学技巧 
analytical, medical, photographic, scientific technique 分析技术；医疗技术；摄影技术；科学技巧 
building, farming, manufacturing technique 建造技术；农业技术；制造技术 
techniques for the storage of data 数据存储技术 
advanced technique 先进的技术 
modern freezing techniques 现代冷冻技术 
techniques in farm management 管理农场的技术

vt. 1 某事物以其他事物作为其一部分，可称为包含、包括。一般也不表示空间上的“容纳”，而表示“包括”在概念上能明确界定的一些部分，且该词后面也不必列出所有组成部分（如这份文件“包含”文字和图片等）:
2 include sb/sth (as/in/on sth) 使某人或某事物成为其他事物的一部分:
include |[ɪn'klu:d]
The tour included a visit to the Science Museum. 这次游览包括参观科学博物馆。
Does the price include tax? 这个价钱是否包括税款？
Your duties include typing letters and answering the telephone. 你的职责包括打信件和接电话。
You should include some examples in your essay. 你应该在文章里举一些例子。
We all went, me included. 我们都去了，连我在内。
Representatives from the country were included as observers at the conference. 这个国家的代表都被列为会议的观察员。

n. [C] 高校中的学者:
adj. 1 常作前置定语，指与学术工作有关的，即学术上的:
2 与学校有关的，即学校的:
3 学术的，而非实际的或技术的:
4 指某人善于学习的，学习好的:
5 指一种讨论或情况不切实际的、空谈的、学究的、纯理论而不考虑实际情况的（且因此而不重要的）:
academic |[ækə'demɪk]
a group of academics 一批学者
academic standards 学术水平 
an academic career 学术生涯 
an academic year 学年 
an academic approach 学术的方法 
academic subjects 学科 
academic qualifications 学术资历 
It is purely academic. 这是纯学术性的。
less academic children 学习不太好的孩子 
to be purely academic 完全不切实际

adj. 独特的、有特色的:
distinctive |[dɪˈstɪŋktɪv]
clothes with a distinctive style 式样独特的衣服 
the distinctive odour of chlorine 氯气特有的气味 
a distinctive blue and yellow flag 特殊的蓝黄旗 
The male bird has distinctive white markings on its head. 雄鸟的头上有明显的白色斑纹。
The shell has a highly distinctive pattern. 这枚贝壳的图案很独特。
to be visually distinctive 视觉效果独特

vi. consist of sth 由（一些事物或人）构成。这些人或事物是并列关系，且通过某种组合形式来共同构成一个有机整体:
vi. [正式] consist in sth 拥有某事物作为主要或唯一的部分、或拥有其作为特征，可翻译为在于:
consist |[kən'sɪst]
The committee consists of ten members. 委员会由十人组成。
Their diet consisted largely of vegetables. 他们的日常饮食以蔬菜为主。
Most of her work consisted of editing pictures. 她的工作多半为编辑图片。
Their conversation consisted almost entirely of gossip. 他们的谈话几乎全是些闲言碎语。
a gas station that basically consists of two gas pumps and a vending machine 主要由两台汽油泵和一台自动售货机构成的加油站 
The settlements often consist of simple huts. 定居点常常由简易的棚屋构成。
The beauty of the city consists in its magnificent buildings. 这座城市的美就在于它那些宏伟的建筑。
True education does not consist in simply being taught facts. 真正的教育并不在于简单地讲授事实。

vi. 尝试去做、去取得或达到…，相当于attempt，尤用于报刊:
bid (to do sth) 尝试去做、去取得或达到…，尤用于报刊:
vt.＆vi.（某些纸牌游戏中）叫牌:
n. [C]（某些纸牌游戏中的）叫牌，叫出的点数:
vt. 告诉某人做某事，吩咐，此义用于旧时，或用于文学作品中:
vt. bid (sb) good morning, farewell, etc. 向某人问候、道别等，为正式用法:
vt.＆vi. 买方出价，尤指在拍卖中喊价:
vi. bid (for sth) 投标，相当于tender，美式为bid (on sth):
n. 1 [C] bid (for sth) 买方的出价，尤指拍卖或招投标过程中的“出价”。从词义范围上讲，bid是一种offer:
2 [C] bid (for sth) 投标，相当于tender，美式为bid (on sth):
bid |[bɪd]
The team is bidding to retain its place in the league. 这个队正争取保住它在联赛中的位置。
a bid for power 权力之争 
a desperate bid to escape from his attackers 拼命躲避攻击他的人 
election bid 竞选 
Olympic bid 申奥 
College presidents supported his bid for the position. 大学校长们支持他竞争这个职位。
a bid for freedom 努力获得自由
She bid four hearts. 她叫四个红桃。
The master bade her to close the window. 主人吩咐她把窗户关上。
I bade farewell to Tom. 我告别了汤姆。
We wanted to buy the chairs but another couple were bidding against us. 我们想买下那几把椅子，但另一对夫妇在同我们较劲出价。
Two dealers bid against each other for the table. 两个商人为这张桌子互相竞价。
She bid $10 000 for the painting. 她出价1万美元购买这幅画。
We have successfully bid for the contract. 我们竞标成功，得到了这份合同。
At the auction, the highest bid for the picture was £200. 拍卖会上，这幅画的最高出价为200英镑。
Any more bids? 还有谁出更高的价吗？
opening, starting bid 首次出价 
final bid 最终出价 
winning bid 中标价 
competitive bid 有竞争力的报价 
a bid of £100 100英镑的出价 
to bid on a computer（美）出价买一台电脑 
hostile bid（商业用语）恶意出价 
to launch a takeover bid for the company 收购该公司 
He made a cash bid for the company. 他提出以现金收购这家公司。
The company submitted a bid for the contract to clean the hospital. 该公司投标承包这家医院的清洁工作。
They have invited bids for the property. 他们为这块地产招标。
bid price 投标价 
bid process 投标过程

n. [C] 一场活动，例如为某人或某个慈善组织而筹款所组织的一场宴会:
n. [C] 一场活动，例如为某人或某个慈善组织而筹款所组织的一场表演:
n. 1 [U, C] [英] 政府向因失业、疾病等原因而需要钱款资助的人所提供的金钱，可看作一种福利:
2 [C, usually pl.]（从公司所得到的份内酬劳之外的）福利或奖金:
n. [C] 一场活动，例如为某人或某个慈善组织而筹款所组织的一场表演、一场宴会等:
n. [C, usually pl.]（从保险公司得到的）保险金:
n. [U, C]（某事物所给予你的）优势；（某事物所具有的）用处或益处。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
vt.（在某个方面）对于某人（或对于改善其生活）有用，有好处:
vi. benefit (from/by sth) 由于某事物而处于一种更好的境况中，即得益于:
benefit |['benɪfɪt]
a benefit concert 慈善音乐会
welfare benefit 福利金 
state benefit 国家救济金 
cash benefit 现金津贴 
child, disability, housing, maternity, sickness, social-security benefit 子女补助；残疾补助；住房津贴；生育津贴；疾病补助；社会保障金 
pension, retirement benefit 养老金；退休津贴 
jobless, unemployment benefit 失业救济金 
fringe benefit（薪金外的）附加福利 
employee, retiree（均美）benefit 员工津贴；退休人员补助 
benefits package 一揽子福利待遇 
benefit match, benefit concert 义赛；慈善音乐会
insurance benefit 保险赔偿金 
The insurance plan will provide substantial cash benefits to your family in case of your death. 投保人一旦死亡，该项保险将给其家属支付相当可观的保险金。
I’ve had the benefit of a good education. 我得益于受过良好教育。
He couldn’t see the benefit of arguing any longer. 他看不出再争论下去有什么好处。
mutual benefit 互惠互利 
practical benefit 实惠 
public benefit 公共利益 
personal benefit 个人利益 
clinical, economic, material, nutritional, social benefit 临床效用；经济效益；物质利益；营养价值；社会效益 
fitness, health benefit 对身体的益处
The new law clearly benefits those earning the most money. 新法律显然使那些收入最高的人受益。
We benefited directly from the reorganization. 我们从重组中直接受益。

make (a company or organization) smaller by eliminating staff positions:通过取消员工职位使（公司或组织）更小
(of a company) eliminate staff positions:（某公司）裁减员工职位
move to a smaller place of residence:搬到一个较小的居住地
make (something) smaller:make(something)更小
downsize |ˈdaʊnsʌɪz| Verb/:缩小规模,缩小尺寸
a TV news producer told what happened after her network downsized the newsroom:a电视新闻制作人讲述了她的网络缩小新闻编辑室后发生的事情
recession forced many companies to downsize:recession迫使许多公司缩减规模
I am downsizing from a large five-bedroom house to a two-bedroom flat:我正在从五居室的大房子缩小到两居室的公寓
I downsized the rear wheel to 26 inches:我把后轮缩小到26英寸

vt. 防止（或避免）坏事发生。是“避免”的常规用词，最为常用:
vt. 1 躲开或避开（某人或某事物）；尝试不去做某事（即避免做某事）:
2 避免自己撞到某东西:
avoid |[ə'vɒɪd]
The accident could have been avoided. 这起事故本来是可以避免的。
The name was changed to avoid confusion with another firm. 改名是为了避免和另一家公司混淆。
to avoid soil being washed away 防止土壤流失 
to avoid conflict 避免冲突 
I scrupulously avoid artificial additives when I buy food. 购买食品时我仔细地避开有人工添加剂的食物。
They narrowly avoided defeat in the semifinal. 他们在半决赛中险些败下阵来。
He’s been avoiding me all week. 整整一个星期他一直在回避我。
to avoid my eyes 躲避我的目光 
I left early to avoid the rush hour. 我早早动身以避开交通高峰时刻。
to avoid mentioning his divorce 避免提及他离婚的事 
He avoided answering the question. 他避开了这个问题，没有回答。
She swerved to avoid a bicycle. 她猛打方向盘以免撞上一辆自行车。
He ducked to avoid a low branch. 他迅速低下头以免撞上矮树枝。         

n. 1 [C, U] 性别:
2 [C] 统称男性（或女性）:
n. [C, U]（语法）（用于某些语言中）性（阳性、阴性和中性，不同的性有不同的词尾等）:
gender |[ˈdʒendə(r)]
issues of class, race and gender 阶级、种族和性别问题 
gender relations 两性关系 
gender differences, gender divisions, gender gap 两性差别；性别差异；两性之间的鸿沟 
gender equality, gender equity（尤美）性别平等 
gender bias, gender discrimination, gender imbalance, gender inequality 性别偏见；性别歧视；性别失衡；性别不平等 
The government is working on tackling gender inequalities in employment. 政府正在着手解决就业中的性别不平等问题。
gender identity, gender norm, gender role, gender stereotype 性别认同；性别规范；性别角色；性别成见 
Managers may value different qualities in men than in women, reinforcing gender stereotypes. 管理者可能会在男性和女性身上看重不同的才干，这就进一步强化了性别成见。
gender issues, gender politics 性别问题；性别政治 
gender roles 性别角色 
Women are sometimes denied opportunities solely because of their gender. 妇女有时仅仅因为性别而无法获得种种机会。
While her observations may be true about some men, they could hardly apply to the entire gender. 虽然她的评论就某些男人而言可能是正确的，但绝不适用于所有男性。
the different abilities and skills of the two genders 两性具备的不同能力和技能 
female, male gender 女性；男性 
opposite gender 不同的性别
In French the adjective must agree with the noun in number and gender. 法语中形容词必须在数和性上与名词一致。
In both Welsh and Irish the word for 'moon' is of feminine gender. 在威尔士语和爱尔兰语中，表示“月亮”的词是阴性的。           

existing between or involving different racial or ethnic groups:存在或涉及不同种族或族裔群体
interracial |ˌɪntəˈreɪʃl| Adjective/:异族,跨种族的
interracial conflict:异族冲突

~ (that…) 不满的原因；作出的抱怨、埋怨:
2 [U] 抱怨或埋怨的行为:
n. [C]（尤指不严重、常影响身体某部位的）疾病:
~ (that…) 投诉、控告:
2 [U] 投诉或控告的行为:
complaint |[kəmˈpleɪnt]
If you have a complaint about shoes bought from a shop covered by the Footwear Code, there are several ways of putting the matter right. 如果对在Footwear Code旗下零售店里买的鞋有不满意的地方，有几种解决问题的方式。
I've got no complaints about them. 对他们我没什么意见。
I believe you have a complaint against one of our nurses. 我认为你对我们的一位护士有怨言。
I'd like to make a complaint about the noise. 我要就噪音问题提出投诉。
a complaint that he had been unfairly treated 抱怨说他受到了不公正待遇 
My only complaint is that the website is a little difficult to use. 我唯一的不满是这网站使用起来有点儿难。
One of the chief complaints is the cost. 主要的意见之一是成本问题。
I have a complaint about the food. 我对这些食物有意见。
a complaint about working conditions 对工作条件的不满 
a complaint from a customer 顾客的抱怨 
a complaint of unfair dismissal 对不正当解雇的投诉! 
to make a complaint to the authorities 向当局申诉 
I can see no grounds for complaint. 我看没理由抱怨。
The way I was treated gave me no cause for complaint. 我得到的待遇让我没有理由抱恶。
a chorus of complaint 一片抱怨声 
a matter of complaint（英，法律）抱怨的事由 
Eczema is a common skin complaint which often runs in families. 湿疹是一种常见的皮肤病，通常具遗传性。
minor complaint 小病 
chronic complaint 慢性病 
Not being able to sleep at night is a very common complaint. 晚上睡不好觉是很常见的毛病。
back, chest complaint 背部疾病；胸部疾病 
physical complaint 身体疾病 
medical complaint 疾病 
He has a minor skin complaint. 他有轻微的皮肤病。
The most common complaint is about poor service. 最常见的投诉与服务差有关。
We received a number of complaints from customers about the lack of parking facilities. 我们收到了来自顾客的许多投诉，抱怨缺乏停车设施。
There's been a record number of complaints about the standard of service on Britain's railways. 有关英国铁路服务水平的投诉空前的多。
People have been reluctant to make formal complaints to the police. 人们不愿向警方作出正式投诉。
I'd like to make a complaint about the noise. 我要就噪音问题提出投诉。
a formal complaint 正式控告 
to file/lodge (= make) a complaint（正式）提出控告 
consumer, customer complaint 消费者投诉；顾客投诉 
citizen complaint（美）市民投诉 
civil, criminal（美）民事投诉；刑事投诉 
discrimination, harassment complaint 歧视投诉；骚扰投诉 
ethics complaint（美）道德方面的投诉 
He brought a complaint against his former manager. 他投诉他以前的经理。
They filed a complaint with the Commission. 他们向委员会操交投诉。
We have had some serious complaints from parents. 找们收到家长的一些严正投诉。
The tribunal heard complaints against the director. 审理委员会听取了对那名主管的控告。complaints arising from late payment 由拖欠付款引发的投诉 
a complaint against the police 对警方提出的控告 
a complaint of unfair dismissal 对不正当解雇的投诉! 
to make a complaint to the authorities 向当局申诉 
complaint procedure（美）, complaints procedure（英）, complaint system（美）申诉程序；投诉程序；控告制度 
complaint letter（尤美）（英美通常用letter of complaint）投诉信 
complaint form 投诉表

n. [C]（材料、地毯、音乐等东西上的）对于线条、形状、颜色、声音等的规则排列，作为一种图案或式样:
vt. 在某事物上形成一个规则的（由一些线条或形状构成的）图案（或花样）:
n. [usually sing.] 可供效仿的一个杰出典范:
n. [C] 某事发生或被执行的通常方式，即模式:
vt. [术语] 造成某种行为发展，或促成某种行为模式的形成:
n. 1 [C]（沿着…的周围切割出来的、用于制作某东西的）模型、底样、纸样等:
2 [C] 帮助你选择某事物的样式的一小块材料、纸张等，即样品、样本，相当于sample:
pattern |['pætn]
a pattern of diamonds 菱形图案 
abstract, geometric pattern 抽象图案；几何图案 
camouflage, floral, striped pattern 迷彩图案；花卉图案；条纹图案 
regular pattern 规则的样式 
random pattern 随机图样 
drum, sound pattern 鼓点模式；声音模式 
rhythmic patterns 节奏模式 
the pattern on the carpet 地毯上的图案 
Frost patterned the window. 霜在窗子上形成了图案。
a landscape patterned by vineyards 由一片片葡萄园构成的风景图
This system sets the pattern for others to follow. 这个系统堪为他人仿效的典范。
changing patterns of behaviour 行为的变化模式 
The murders all seem to follow a (similar) pattern. 这些凶杀案如出一辙。
There is no set pattern for these meetings. 这些会议没有固定的模式。
Her speech patterns are very distinctive. 她的讲话方式很有特色。
sleep pattern 睡眠模式 
spending pattern 消费模式 
weather pattern 天气模式 
patterns of thought 思维模式 
Adult behaviour is often patterned by childhood experiences. 成年人的行为模式往往是童年经历造成的。
a knitting pattern 编织图样 
She bought a dress pattern and some material. 她买了一幅衣服纸样和一些衣料。
wallpaper patterns 壁纸样品

n. [sing.]（一群人或某地的）气氛、氛围:
n. [C] [sing.]（群体的）意愿:
n. [C] [sing.]（群体的）态度、心态:
n. [C] 愤怒或不耐烦的情绪:
n. [C] 心情、情绪:
n. 1 [C]（语法）表达语气的动词屈折变化:
2 [C]（语法）动词的语气:
mood |[mu:d]
The mood of the meeting was distinctly pessimistic. 这次会议的气氛显然很悲观。
The movie captures the mood of the interwar years perfectly. 这部电影恰如其分地捕捉到了两次世界大战中间这些年的氛围。
First set the mood with music. 首先用音乐烘托气氛。
It was Christmas and everyone was in festive mood. 圣诞节到了，每个人都沉浸在节日的欢乐气氛中。
The right music sets the mood for such a great moment. 合适的音乐能为如此重大的时刻营造气氛。
His comments pretty much killed the mood for the rest of the show. 他的解说基本上毁掉了演出剩余部分的气氛。
I wanted different moods in each room. 我想让每个房间都感觉不一样。
The government seemed to be in tune with the popular mood. 政府似乎和民众的意愿是一致的。
They largely misread the mood of the electorate. 他们很大程度上误读了选民的意图。
The crowd's mood abruptly turned violent. 人群的情绪突然变得暴烈起来。          
I wonder why he's in such a mood today. 我不知道他为什么今天脾气这么坏。
She was in one of her moods (= one of her regular periods of being angry or impatient). 她又闹情绪了。
She's in a good mood today (= happy and friendly). 她今天心情很好。
He's always in a bad mood (= unhappy, or angry and impatient). 他总是情绪不好。
to be in a foul/filthy mood 情绪很差 
Some addicts suffer violent mood swings (= changes of mood) if deprived of the drug. 一些吸毒成瘾的人一旦没有毒品就会出现情绪的激烈波动。
She was in an upbeat mood about the future of the company. 她对公司的未来充满信心。
I can't keep up with his constantly changing moods. 他喜怒无常，让我无所适从。
The workers were in defiant mood as they entered the tribunal. 员工们走进仲裁法庭时看上去蔑视一切。
The music helped to put them in a more relaxed mood. 音乐使他们心情更加放松。
Choose clothes to match your mood. 要选择适合你心情的衣服。
The weather seemed to reflect his dark mood. 天气阴沉沉的，正如他阴郁的心情。
He seemed able to read her mood. 他似乎能读懂她的心情。
He could sense her gloomy mood. 他能感觉到她忧郁的心境。
| capture a film that has captured the mood of the moment | gauge 
Not wanting to dampen her good mood, I quickly changed the subject. 因为不想影响她的好心情，我很快改变了话题。
It immediately brightened her mood and brought a smile to her face. 这立刻让她心情开朗，满面笑容。
Serotonin is a brain chemical which regulates mood. 血清素是一种调整情绪的大脑化合物。
His mood lifted as he concentrated on his driving. 他集中精力开车时，心情又好了起来。
After the accident he suffered violent mood swings. 出事之后，他的情绪波动很大。
mood state 心境 
the challenge of coping with negative mood states 应对负面情绪状态的挑战 
Mood disorders can disrupt relationships. 情绪障碍可能扰乱人际关系。
I tried to make him laugh, but he was in no mood for jokes. 我尽力想逗他笑，可他根本就没心思听笑话。
He was in no mood for being polite to visitors. 他当时没心思以礼待客。
I'm just not in the mood for a party tonight. 我今晚就是没心情参加聚会。
Instantly he felt her change of mood. 他立刻感到了她情绪上的变化。
She could be a very funny girl when the mood struck her. 她心情好的时候会变得很风趣。
the indicative mood, the imperative mood, the subjunctive mood 陈述语气；祈使语气；虚拟语气           

n. [U, C, usually pl.] 对某人的同情（表明你理解并关心对方所面临的问题）。是此义的常规用词:
n. [U, C, usually pl.] 对一个想法或观点、一项事业、一个组织等表示支持或赞同的一种行为，即支持，赞同:
n. [U] 拥有相似观点或兴趣的人们之间的友谊或相互理解，即意气相投:
sympathy |['sɪmpəθɪ]
I have no sympathy for Jane, it’s all her own fault. 我不同情简，那都是她自己的错。
Our heartfelt sympathy goes out to the victims of the war. 我们对战争的受害者表示由衷的同情。
She expressed her deepest sympathy for him. 她向他表达了最深切的同情。
to waste sympathy 浪费同情心 
I don’t want your sympathy! 我不想要你的同情！ 
Nurses came out on strike in sympathy with the doctors. 护士们罢工以声援医生们。
The government showed sympathy to their cause. 政府对他们的事业表示了支持。
Her sympathies lie with the anti-abortion lobby. 她支持反堕胎院外活动集团。
There was no personal sympathy between them. 他们个人之间全无相投之处。

vt. discount sth (as sth) 是一种正式用法，表示认为（或说）…不重要、不真实或不相关，即不理会，相当于dismiss。但不常用:
n. [C,U] discount on/off sth 价格折扣，指从正常价格里砍掉的数额，是此义的常规用词，最为常用。与reduction近似:
vt. 打折出售，同义词为reduce:
discount |['dɪskaʊnt]
We cannot discount the possibility of further strikes. 我们不能低估再次发生罢工的可能性。
The news reports were being discounted as propaganda. 人们认为这些新闻报道不过是为了宣传，不可全信。
special discount 特别优惠 
group discount 团体折扣 
cash discount 现金折扣 
bulk discount 大宗购买折扣 
discount coupon（尤美）, discount voucher（英）优惠券 
discount price 优惠价 
discount shop, discount store 折扣商店 
discount airline（美）廉价航空 
to be entitled/allowed to a discount 享受折扣价 
Tickets are available to members at a discount. 会员可以优惠价购票。
Customers are allowed a discount of 10% on orders over $500. 订单超过500美元的顾客可以享受9折优惠。
Do you give any discount? 你们打折吗？
discounted prices, discounted fares 打折价；打折票价

n. [C] 数学中的值，数值:
n. [C] values 复数表示关于是非的信念，或生命、生活的价值观:
n. 1 [U, C] 某事物的价值，尤指商品的价值:
2 [U] 某事物与其价格相比时的划算程度，尤用于英式英语:
vt. value sth (at sth) 给…估算（或定下）金钱价格，即估价，定价:
value sb/sth (for sth) 认为…重要，即重视:
n. [U] 有用性或重要性，相当于benefit:
value |['vælju:]
Let y have the value 33. 假设y的值为33。
the dominant values of a society 一个社会的主流价值观 
traditional values 传统的价值观 
human values 人的价值观 
cultural, educational, political, social values 文化观念；教育观念；政治观念；社会观念 
moral, religious, spiritual values 道德观念；宗教信仰；精神观念 
family values 家庭观念 
Western values 西方的价值观 
parental values 父母的价值 
a set of values 一套价值观
land, property value 土地价值；房地产价值 
Use current market values to determine the worth of your assets. 用当前的市场价值来确定你的资产价值。
rental value 租赁价值 
net value 净值 
shareholder value 股东价值 
the high value of the pound 英镑的高币值 
monetary value 货币价值 
a share with a nominal value of $50 面值为50美元的股票 
face value of a coin 一枚硬币的面值 
the resale value of a car 汽车的转卖价值 
The piano has held its value. 这架钢琴保持了原有价值。
a painting to the value of one million pound 价值达100万英镑的一幅油画 
high production values 高产值 
The winner will receive a prize to the value of £800. 获胜者将得到价值为800英镑的奖励。
Our products deliver value. 我们的产品很划算。
Though a little more expensive, the larger model gives better value for money. 尽管较大的一款稍微贵了点儿，但是更划算一些。
The property has been valued at over $2 million. 这处房地产估价为200多万美元。
vt. value sb/sth (as sth) 
I really value him as a friend. 我真的把他视为好朋友。
The area is valued for its vineyards. 这个地区因它的葡萄园而受到重视。
a valued member of staff 职工中受重视的一员 
to value the ordinary things in life 珍视生活中的平凡事 
Tulips are valued for their beauty. 郁金香因美丽而受到青睐。
He hated to be valued for his looks alone. 他讨厌别人只看重他的相貌。
the value of regular exercise 经常锻炼的好处 
the nutritional value of eggs 鸡蛋的营养价值 
The arrival of canals was of great value to many industries. 运河的出现对许多行业具有重大的意义。
The necklace had sentimental value for her. 那条项链对她有纪念意义。
news, social value 新闻价值；社会价值 
practical, symbolic value 实际用途；象征意义 
aesthetic, entertainment value 审美价值；娱乐价值 
He places a high value on marriage. 他把婚姻看得很重。
He didn’t say anything of value. 他没讲什么有意义的话。
Pottery fragments are of great value to historians. 陶瓷碎片对于历史学家很有价值。

n. [C, usually sing.] 高出海平面的高度，即海拔高度。是此义的常规用词:
n. [C, usually pl., U] 海拔高的一个地方:
altitude |['æltɪtju:d]
We are flying at an altitude of 6 000 metres. 我们的飞行高度是6000米。
high altitude 高海拔 
The plane suddenly started to lose altitude. 飞机突然开始下降。
high altitudes 高海拔地区 
It’s harder to breaths at altitude. 在高海拔地区呼吸更加困难。
altitude sickness 高山病 
altitude training 高原训练

a waterproof sheet spread on the ground inside a tent.:一张防水布，铺在帐篷内的地面上。
groundsheet |ˈɡraʊn(d)ʃiːt| Noun/:地垫,底片

relating to or denoting the process by which different kinds of living organism are believed to have developed from earlier forms:与或表示不同种类的生物体被认为从早期形式发展而来的过程
relating to the gradual development of something:
relating to a pattern of movements or manoeuvres:与动作或动作模式有关
evolutionary |ˌiːvəˈl(j)uːʃən(ə)ri| Adjective/:进化的,进化论的
Darwinian evolutionary theory:达尔文进化论
updating technology is an evolutionary process:更新技术是一个进化过程
evolutionary tactics:进化策略

vt. 使官方决定得以生效、实施、执行、贯彻:
n. [C] 工具，器具，常指简单的户外用具:
n. [C] 工具，器具，常指简单的户外用具:
implement |[ˈɪmplɪment]
to implement policies 执行政策 
The proposed changes were never actually implemented. 提出的改革方案从未切实贯彻执行过。
These reforms have now been widely implemented in schools. 这些改革措施现在已在各学校广泛实施。
The government failed to implement the plan. 政府未能实施这一计划。
The decision will be difficult to implement. 这项决定难易落实。
agricultural, farm, garden implement 农具；园艺工具 
digging, writing implement 挖掘工具 
flint, metal, stone, wooden implement 燧石工具；金属器具；石器；木质工具 
Make sure that all sharp implements, such as scythes, have covers. 确保所有的锋利器具——例如长柄大镰刀，都有保护套。
kitchen, surgical implement 厨房用具；手术器具 
cooking, writing implement 厨具；书写工具
agricultural, farm, garden implement 农具；园艺工具 
digging, writing implement 挖掘工具 
flint, metal, stone, wooden implement 燧石工具；金属器具；石器；木质工具 
Make sure that all sharp implements, such as scythes, have covers. 确保所有的锋利器具——例如长柄大镰刀，都有保护套。
kitchen, surgical implement 厨房用具；手术器具 
cooking, writing implement 厨具；书写工具

adj. [生物学]（基因）显性的，优势的:
adj. 首要的、最重要的、占支配地位的、显著的:
dominant |[ˈdɒmɪnənt;美ˈdɑ:m-]
Because it is carried by a dominant gene, an affected individual can expect about half of his or her children to inherit the illness. 因为它是由显性基因携带，所以感染者的孩子会有约50％的可能性遗传该疾病。
The firm has achieved a dominant position in the world market. 这家公司在国际市场上占有举足轻重的地位。
The dominant feature of the room was the large fireplace. 这间屋子要数那个大壁炉最显眼了。
a change which would maintain his party's dominant position in Scotland 将使他的政党在苏格兰继续占据支配地位的变化 
She was a dominant figure in the French film industry. 她在法国电影界是个举足轻重的人物。
the economically dominant class 经济上占优势的阶层

vt. [非正式] 仔细看；彻底检查:
n. [U] -scope 用于构成名词，指用于观察…的一台仪器:
n. [U]（一个主题、组织机构、活动等的）范围:
~ (for sb) (to do sth)（去做某事，或去实现某事的）机会或能力:
scope |[skəʊp;美skoʊp]
His eyes scoped the room, trying to spot her in the crowd. 他环顾房间四周，想在人群中找到她。
microscope 显微镜 
telescope 望远镜
These issues were outside the scope of the article. 这些问题不属本文论述范围。
The subject lies outside the scope of this book. 这个题目超出了本书的范围。
This subject lies beyond the scope of our investigation. 这一问题超出了我们的考察范围。
the scope of a novel 小说所涉及的范围 
This is a novel of epic scope and grand passion. 这部小说场面宏大，气势磅礴。
The scope of the exhibition is disappointingly narrow. 展品的范围很窄，令人失望。
These criteria were used to determine the scope of the curriculum. 这些标准用以确定课程范围。
He promised to widen the organisation's scope of activity. 他许诺拓宽该组织的活动范围。
The sheer scope of the project was impressive. 项目的宏大规模令人惊叹。
The survey is too limited in (its) scope. 调查的范围太窄了。
Our powers are limited in scope. 我们的权限不大。
These disputes fall within the scope of the local courts. 处理这些纠纷属于地方法院的职权范围。
global, international, national scope 全球范围；国际范围；全国范围 
The geographical scope of product markets has widened since the war. 战后产品市场的地理范围扩大了。
First try to do something that is within your scope. 你先试着做一件自己力所能及的事。
Her job offers very little scope for promotion. 干着那样的工作，她几乎没有机会得到提拔。
He believed in giving his staff scope for initiative. 他认为应给员工提供发挥主动性的机会。
There is limited scope for creativity in my job. 我的工作发挥创造力的空间有限。
These courses give students more scope for developing their own ideas. 这些课程给学生提供了更多机会来完善自己的想法。
There's still plenty of scope for improvement. 还有很大的改进余地。
The extra money will give us the scope to improve our facilities. 有了这笔额外资金，我们就能把设备加以改进了。
Banks had increased scope to develop new financial products. 银行已为开发新的金融产品留出了更大余地。
In her new house she had full scope for her passion for gardening. 在新房子里，她有充分的空间释放自己对园艺的热情。

vt.＆vi. 认为某事有可能是真的，或很有可能发生，尤其是坏事，但没有明确证据，即怀疑，觉得，是一种含糊说法:
vt. 感觉…可疑，或不信任。常含有敌意:
adj. 可能是错的，因而靠不住的，即不可信的，相当于questionable:
vt. suspect sb (of sth/of doing sth) 怀疑某人有罪，但没有明确证据:
adj. 疑有危险的，或疑似非法的，相当于suspicious:
n. [C] 被怀疑犯了罪或做错了事的人，即嫌疑人，可疑对象:
suspect |[sə'spekt]
I suspect it is just the tip of the iceberg. 我怀疑那只是冰山一角。
I suspect your answer is wrong. 我觉得你的答案是错误的。
I began to suspect (that) they were trying to get rid of me. 我开始觉察出，他们试图摆脱掉我（或除掉我）。
If you suspect a gas leak, do not turn on an electric light. 假如你怀疑有煤气泄漏，不要打开电灯。
I suspected her motives in offering to help. 她主动要帮忙，我怀疑她的动机。
I suspected that he had not been telling the truth. 我怀疑他在撒谎。
These revelations only prove what I suspected all along. 这些揭露的事实恰好证明了我一直以来的怀疑。
The theory is rendered suspect. 该理论受到怀疑。
Some of the evidence was deeply suspect. 有些证据非常可疑。
morally suspect 道德上令人怀疑 
politically suspect citizens 政治上可疑的公民
He was wrongly suspected of theft. 有人错误地怀疑他有偷窃行为。
Whom do the police suspect? 警方怀疑谁？
The drug is suspected of causing over 200 deaths. 人们怀疑这种药物造成200多人死亡。
It was widely suspected that they had been acting on orders. 人们普遍怀疑他们是奉命采取行动的。
a suspect package 可疑包裹
criminal, murder, terror suspect 犯罪嫌疑人；谋杀嫌疑人；恐怖嫌疑人 
the prime suspect in the case 此案的头号嫌疑人 
He was arrested as the suspect in the bombing. 他因涉嫌该起爆炸案而被捕。
