confrontation					对抗，冲突
puzzle						谜，使困惑，苦思冥想
critic						评论家，批评者
apartment						公寓套间
analyze						分析，解读
maintain						维持，供养，坚称，保养
curb							控制，限制
version						说法，变体，版本
rival							竞争对手
beneficial						有益的，受益的
substantial						可观的，显著的
recover						收复，恢复，挽回，利用，康复
diploma						毕业文凭
carpenter						木匠
circumstance					状况，形势
canteen						食堂，水壶，餐具柜
disorderly						杂乱的，目无法纪的
essentially						本质上，非常
prevent						阻止
ceremony						仪式，礼节
assume						假定，获得，装出，呈现
demand						强求，需求
principle						原则，行为准则
reception						欢迎，接待，接待处，招待会
transfer						调动，转移，使转化，改编
preventable						可预防的
anticipate						预料，期望，是先驱
as anticipated					正如所料
assumption						假定，获得，承担
prescription					开处方，处方，规定
\\\\\\\\

~ (between A and B)（人员或群体之间的）愤怒的观点冲突、对峙、对抗:
~ (between A and B) 军事冲突、军事对抗:
confrontation |[ˌkɒnfrʌnˈteɪʃn;美ˌkɑ:nfrən-]
confrontation between employers and unions 资方与工会之间的对峙 
Their demands could lead to a serious confrontation with management. 他们的要求可能引发与资方的严重对抗。
The final confrontation on a train is classic thriller material. 火车上的最后对峙是惊险小说的经典素材。
armed, military, nuclear confrontation 武装对立；军事对抗；核对抗 
The issue has caused great tension between the two countries and could lead to a military confrontation. 这个问题使得两国关系非常紧张，可能会导致军事对抗。
Their climactic confrontation brings the novel to a dramatic close. 他们之间的冲突达到了顶点，小说以此戏剧化地收尾。
political 政治对立 
physical, verbal confrontation 身体上的对抗；语言上的交锋 
He hoped that a physical confrontation would not ensue. 他希望不会接着发生肢体冲突。
His actions brought him into direct confrontation with the authorities. 他的行动造成了他与当局的直接对立。
He would be very foolish to risk a confrontation with Robert. 他要是冒着与罗伯特对抗的危险，那可就太傻了。
He probably will have little choice but to force a confrontation sooner or later. 他很可能不会有多少选择的余地，迟早都得被迫走上对抗之路。
Lewis had a confrontation about money with his stepfamily. 刘易斯和他的继父在金钱问题上发生了冲突。
She had a series of heated confrontations with her parents over homework. 在家庭作业问题上，她和父母发生了一连串激烈的冲突。
She wanted to avoid another confrontation with her father. 她想避免和父亲再次发生冲突。
a head-on confrontation between the two governments 两国政府间的正面冲突 
The commission remains so weak that it will continue to avoid confrontation with governments. 委员会的力量仍然十分薄弱，所以将继续避免与各国政府发生冲突。
a confrontation with the police 与警方的冲突
armed, military, nuclear confrontation 武装对立；军事对抗；核对抗 
The issue has caused great tension between the two countries and could lead to a military confrontation. 这个问题使得两国关系非常紧张，可能会导致军事对抗。

vt. 使某人对某事感到迷惑或困惑。也较为常用:
n. 1 [C] 智力问题（也可叫“谜”），智力游戏或智力玩具（需要仔细思考才能答对或拼装正确）:
2 [usually sing.] 难以理解或解释的（或谜一样的）人、事物或事件:
vi. puzzle over sth 对某事苦苦思索或仔细琢磨（以试图去找出答案或做出解释）。不太常用:
puzzle |['pʌzl]
It often puzzles me. 这常常让我不解。
What puzzles me is why he did that. 令我不解的是为什么他会那样做。
crossword, jigsaw（英）puzzle 填字游戏；拼图玩具 
logic, number puzzle 逻辑游戏；数字游戏 
puzzle book 猜谜书 
puzzle game 猜谜游戏 
puzzle piece 拼图的一片 
His death remains a puzzle. 他的死仍然是个谜。
scientific, theoretical puzzle 科学难题；理论难题 
They’re trying to solve the puzzle of how gravity works. 他们在尝试解开重力的作用原理之谜。
The origin of the word is something of a puzzle. 这个词的起源有点儿让人困惑。
I puzzle over every detail of the matter. 我苦苦思索这个问题的每一个细节。

n. [C]（尤指公开批评…的）批评者、挑剔的人:
n. [C]（对图书、音乐等作出评论的）批评家、评论家、评论员:
critic |[ˈkrɪtɪk]
She is one of the ruling party's most outspoken critics. 她是最直言不讳地批评执政党的一个人。
an outspoken critic of government policy 直言不讳地批评政府政策的人 
a critic of private health care 对私人卫生保健持批评态度的人 
The newspaper has been the most consistent critic of the government. 一直以来，该报批评政府的立场最为坚定。
He became a fierce critic of the tobacco industry. 他成了烟草业的强烈反对者。
She is one of her husband's severest critics. 她是丈夫最严厉的批评者之一。
I am my own worst critic. 我是自己最苛刻的批评者。
He is now a major critic of the nuclear industry. 他现在是核工业的主要批评者。
She is looking for a chance to prove her critics wrong. 她正在寻找机会证明批评她的人错了。
Critics accused the government of giving in to pressure from the tobacco companies. 批评者指责政府屈服于烟草公司的压力。
Critics point out that poverty still exists. 批评者指出贫穷仍然存在。
art, cultural, drama, film, literary, media, movie, music, restaurant, social, television, theatre/theater critic 艺术评论家；文化评论家；戏剧评论家；电影评论家；文学评论家；媒体评论家；音乐评论家；餐饮评论家；社会评论家；电视评论家；剧院评论家 
The movie was hailed by critics as a triumphant piece of realism. 评论家把这部电影誉为现实主义的杰作。
The play was panned by critics. 该剧受到评论家的严厉批评。
Some critics are calling him 'the new De Niro'. 一些评论家称他为"新德尼罗" 
Critics described the paintings as worthless. 评论家把那些油画描述成一文不值的垃圾。
The critics loved the movie. 评论家喜爱这部电影。
Mather was film critic on the Daily Telegraph for many years. 马瑟多年来一直担任《每日电讯报》的影评人。
The New York critics had praised her performance. 纽约的影评家们高度评价了她的表演。

n. 1 [C] [尤美]（通常指在同一楼层的）公寓套房:
2 [C] 度假用的公寓套房:
3 [usually pl.] [英] 住宅的一个房间，尤指一个大型名宅的一间屋子:
apartment |[ə'pɑːtmənt]
comfortable, luxury apartment 舒适的公寓；豪华的公寓 
studio apartment 单间公寓 
basement apartment 地下室公寓 
I share an apartment with two friends. 我和两个朋友合住一套公寓。
apartment complex 公寓大楼 
holiday apartment（英）
You can visit the whole palace except for the private apartments. 整座宫殿除内殿外均可参观。
royal apartments 王室套房


analyze | 分析,解析

vt.（通过定期检查或维修来）保养、养护建筑物、机器等:
vt. 使某事继续保持在相同的水平上，如维持、保持:
vt. 通过给与金钱、食物等来供养…很长一段时间:
vt. ~ that（在别人不同意的情况下）坚称…:
maintain |[meɪnˈteɪn]
The house is large and difficult to maintain. 房子很大，难以养护。
The house costs a fortune to maintain. 维修这幢房子花销不菲。
a poorly maintained central heating system 养护不力的中央供暖系统 
a tough campaign to force authorities to maintain roads properly 迫使当局妥善维修道路的艰难斗争
They are looking to cut costs while simultaneously maintaining the existing levels of service. 他们考虑要在保持现有服务水平的同时降低成本。
to maintain prices (= prevent them falling or rising) 维持价格的稳定 
The government was right to maintain interest rates at a high level. 政府维持高利率的做法是正确的。
to ensure standards are maintained at as high a level as possible 确保标准维持在尽量高的水平上 
Commercial aircraft generally maintain cabin altitudes between 6 000 and 8 000 feet. 商务飞机座舱高度通常保持在6,000到8,000英尺之间。
This pace cannot be maintained indefinitely. 这样的速度不可能无限期地保持下去。
The government's position became increasingly difficult to maintain. 政府的地位越来越难以维持。
The company has easily maintained its position as the leading brand in the money-transfer business. 该公司轻松保持了在转账业务领域的领军地位。
We are anxious to maintain our close links with the police. 我们渴望与警方保持密切联系。
The Department maintains many close contacts with the chemical industry. 这个部门与化工行业保持着众多密切的联系。
The two countries have always maintained close relations. 这两个国家一直保持着密切关系。
Push yourself to make friends and to maintain the friendships. 要求自己与人交友并保持友谊。
He successfully maintained the financial health of the company. 他成功地维持了公司财务的健康运行。
He emphasized the need to maintain the status quo. 他强调了保持现状的必要性。
to maintain law and order 维持治安 
to maintain a balance 保持平衡 
She maintained a dignified silence.（正式）她一言不发，以保持尊严。
the basic costs of maintaining a child 抚养一个孩子的基本费用 
Her income was barely enough to maintain one child, let alone three. 她的收入养活一个孩子几乎都不够，更不用说三个了。
He should pay and maintain you as well. 他得给你钱，还得供养你。
He has maintained that the money was donated for international purposes. 他坚称这笔捐款将用于国际用途。
Prosecutors maintain no deal was made. 原告坚持说不存在任何交易。           

vt. 控制、限制，尤指控制或限制不好的东西:
n. [C] [美]（由条石砌成的）路缘、道牙子、马路牙子，相当于kerb:
n. [C] ~ (on sth) 起控制（或限制）作用的事物:
vt. 限制，尤指限制不好的东西:
n. [C] ~ (on sth) 起限制作用的事物:
curb |[kɜ:b;美kɜ:rb]
He needs to learn to curb his temper. 他得学着控制自己的脾气。
You must curb your extravagant tastes. 你必须控制自己铺张奢侈的嗜好。
A range of policies have been introduced aimed at curbing inflation. 为了抑制通货膨胀实施了一系列的政策。
advertisements aimed at curbing the spread of Aids 旨在控制艾滋病传播的广告 
This legislation will greatly curb the power of local authorities. 这项立法将极大地限制地方当局的权力。
a new law designed to curb harmful emissions from factories 旨在控制工厂排放有害物质的一部新法
Many companies have imposed curbs on smoking in the workplace. 许多公司已经限制在工作场所吸烟。
A range of policies have been introduced aimed at curbing inflation. 为了抑制通货膨胀实施了一系列的政策。
This legislation will greatly curb the power of local authorities. 这项立法将极大地限制地方当局的权力。
a new law designed to curb harmful emissions from factories 旨在限制工厂排放有害物质的一部新法 
Many companies have imposed curbs on smoking in the workplace. 许多公司已经限制在工作场所吸烟。

n. [C] 某事物（相对于该事物早期或同类事物）的轻微的形式变体或变种:
n. [C] 基于某个作品所改编而成的电影、戏剧或音乐等形式。通常是形式、风格或语言上的“改编版”（而内容基本保持不变），如小说的电影版。此时与edition的“图书出版的形式”之义有交集，如abridged version和abridged edition都可翻译为“删节本”，但abridged edition仅表示图书的“删节本”，而abridged version则除此之外还可指影视、音乐等作品的“删节版”。且涉及到不同语言之间的转换时，也要用version，如English version（英文版）。总之，在此义项下，edition一般仅用于表示图书的版本，且仅表示版本本身，而不如version那样强调各种事物不同版本之间的变化:
n. [C] 从某个人（或某一群人）的角度对一个事件所进行的描述，可称为“说法”或具有比喻色彩的“版本”:
n. [C] 文字内容的版本（通常为风格或语言上的改编版）。其表示“版本”时，强调一种变化，即某事物（相对于该事物早期或同类事物）的“轻微的形式变体或变种”，如最新版、升级版、测试版、初始版本、修订版、改良版、放大版、微缩版、便携版、高级版等。此时与edition的“版次”之义有一定交集，二者一般可互换使用。但有两点需要注意:
第一，表示“第几版”时，一般仅用edition；第二，edition一般仅用于图书出版领域，而version则可用于多个领域（当然也包括图书出版领域），且version用于出版领域时，一般强调不同版次间存在着某种或某些差别（如二者都翻译成出版领域的“最新版”时，edition仅强调图书次序上的新旧之别，而version则暗示新版对比旧版有了某些内容或形式上的变化）:
version |['və:ʃn]
There are two versions of the game. 这款游戏有两个版本。
an earlier version of this software 这款软件的早期版本 
A future version of the smartphone is currently being developed. 这种智能手机的新款正在研发中。
the less expensive generic version of the drug 这种药品中较便宜的仿制品 
the final version of the architectural plans 最后确定的建筑规划方案 
trial version 试用版 
audio version 音频版 
screen, stage, television version 银幕版；舞台版；电视版 
cover version 翻唱版 
the film version of ‘War and Peace’ 根据《战争与和平》改编的电影
She gave us her version of what had happened that day. 她向我们描述了她认为那天发生的事情。
Their versions of how the accident happened conflict. 他们对事故发生情况的说法相互矛盾。
the English version of the novel 这部小说的英文版 
They read the novel in its abridged version. 他们读的是这部小说的删节本。
the official version of a book 一本书的官方版本 
an updated version of his bestselling book 他这本畅销书的一个最新版本 
the rough version of the essay 该文章的草稿 
the full version of the speech 讲话的全文 
hardback, paperback version 精装版；平装版 
printed version 纸质版 
electronic version 电子版

vt. ~ sb/sth (for/in sth) 与…一样好或坏，即匹敌、比得上:
n. [C] ~ (to sb/sth) (for sth) 政治、商业、体育等领域的竞争对手（可以是一个人、一家公司、一个国家或一个事物等）:
rival |[ˈraɪvl]
You will find scenery to rival anything you can see in the Alps. 你能看到的景色可与你在阿尔卑斯山所见的任何景色相媲美。
Cassette recorders cannot rival the sound quality of CDs. 卡式磁带录音机的音质无法和CD相媲美。
An epidemic to rival that which killed 26,000 in 1989 may hit the UK. 一种流行病可能会袭击英国，其危害程度不亚于1989年导致26,000人丧生的疾病。
political rival 政治对手 
presidential rival 竞选总统的对手 
Conservative rival 保守党的对手 
They're old political rivals. 他们是政坛上的老对手。
rival candidate 候选人竞争者 
rival clan, rival faction, rival gang, rival group, rival tribe 敌对的家族；敌对的派系；敌对的团伙；敌对的团体；敌对的部落 
business rival 商业对手 
The Japanese are our biggest economic rivals. 日本人是我们最大的经济竞争对手。
The business needed to receive profits and compete with new rivals. 该公司需要恢复利润并且与新对手竞争。
The company is well equipped to compete with its international rivals. 该公司条件优越，足以和国际对手竞争。
The company faces big rivals in Europe and Asia. 该公司在欧洲和亚洲都要面对强劲的竞争对手。
rival company, rival firm, rival organization 竞争对手公司；对立的机构 
rival bid, rival offer 竞争投标；竞争的出价 
The two teams have always been rivals. 这两个队一直是竞争对手。
She has no rivals for the job. 没有任何对手和她争这份工作。
They wind up as romantic rivals for the same woman. 他们最后因为追求同一个女人而成为情敌。
They were rivals in love. 他们是情敌。
They were rivals for her love. 为了得到她的爱他们成了情敌。
She is now regarded as the greatest potential rival to Jane. 她现在被认为是简最大的潜在对手。
Those two have been friendly rivals since they first met. 那两个人从第一次见面就成了友好的对手。
He eliminated his rivals with brutal efficiency. 他残忍而又利落地消灭了自己的对手。
rival claim 对立的权利要求 
rival theory 对立的理论
Grand it may be, but this cathedral is no rival to the great cathedral of Amiens. 这个教堂虽然很雄伟，却绝对不能和亚眠大教堂相匹敌。
This latest design has no rivals (= it is easily the best design available). 这种最新款式独领风骚。

adj. beneficial (to sth/sb) 对于改善一种情况有利的，有益的，有帮助的，有用的，相当于advantageous或favourable:
beneficial |[͵benɪ'fɪʃl]
A good diet is beneficial to health. 良好的饮食有益于健康。
The arrangement was mutually beneficial. 这种安排对彼此都有利。
economically, environmentally, socially beneficial 对经济有益；对环境有益；对社会有益 
I think it would be beneficial for each committee member to have a copy. 我认为委员会成员人手一份比较好。

adj. 大量的:
adj. 价值巨大的:
adj. [常用于名词前] [正式] 大而坚固的；建造得结实坚固的:
adj. 相当重要的:
substantial |[səbˈstænʃl]
Substantial numbers of people support the reforms. 相当多的人支持这些改革措施。
The party has just lost office and with it a substantial number of seats. 该党刚刚竞选失利，同时还失去了许多席位。
He ate a substantial breakfast. 他吃了一顿丰盛的早餐。
substantial sums of money 大笔大笔的钱
a substantial house 结实的房子
a substantial change 重大变化 
That is a very substantial improvement in the present situation. 在当前形势下这是一个非常巨大的进步。        

vt. 1 recover sth (from sb/sth) 找回或找到（丢失或失窃的东西）:
2 重新获得曾失去的位置或地位（即从弱势或困境中好转）:
vi. 1 recover (from sth)（从伤病中）康复，即恢复健康，痊愈:
2 recover (from sth)（人从不愉快的事件、经历或时间段中）恢复:
vt. 恢复身心状态（如恢复意识）:
vt. recover sth (from sb/sth) 全额收回（已花掉、投资或被拖欠的钱款）:
vi. recover (from sth)（事物从困境中）恢复:
recover |[rɪ'kʌvə]
to recover stolen goods 找回被盗物品 
Seventy bodies were recovered from the wreckage. 从残骸中找到了七十具尸体。
He recovered his lead in the second half. 他下半场再次领先。
to recover from an ankle injury 脚踝伤痊愈 
to recover from his operation 他从手术中恢复过来 
He is recovering well. 他恢复得不错。
to recover from the death of his mother 从他母亲去世的悲痛中恢复过来 
to recover her breath 她呼吸恢复正常 
to recover consciousness 恢复意识 
to recover eyesight 恢复视力 
He seemed upset but quickly recovered himself. 他显得心烦意乱，但很快就静下心来。
After a minute she recovered enough to speak. 她歇了一分钟，有了力气开口说话。 
Legal action is being taken to recover the money. 正采取法律途径来收回那笔钱。
The economy is beginning to recover. 经济正开始复苏。

n. 1 [C] 大学或美国中学的毕业文凭:
2 [C] [英] 大学的文凭课程:
diploma |[dɪ'pləʊmə]
college, university diploma 大学文凭 
law diploma 法学文凭 
full-time, part-time diploma 全日制文凭；非全日制文凭 
a two-year course leading to a diploma in management studies 一门可获得管理学文凭的两年制课程 
diploma holders 持有文凭者 
a fake diploma 假文凭 
diploma course 文凭课程 
She was taking a diploma in business management. 她正在修企业管理学位课程。

n. [C] 制作、修理木器的人，即木匠，木工:
carpenter |['kɑːpəntə]


n. [C, usually pl.] 与某个情况、事件或行动相关的条件（也可指对该情况、事件或行动产生影响的条件）:
n. 1 [C, usually pl.] 与某个情况、事件或行动相关的环境（也可指对该情况、事件或行动产生影响的环境）:
2 [U] [正式] 对你的生活产生影响并不受你控制的一些情况或事件，可称为客观环境:
n. [pl.] circumstances 可指一个人的生活条件或状况（尤指其经济条件或状况）:
n. [C, usually pl.] 情况:
circumstance |['sə:kəmstəns]
The company reserves the right to cancel this agreement in certain circumstances. 本公司保留在一定条件下取消这项协议的权利。
The ship sank in mysterious circumstances. 那艘船神秘地沉没了。
She died in rather suspicious circumstances. 她死得相当蹊跷。
changing social and political circumstances 正在变化的社会和政治环境 
The plan might work better with more favourable/favorable circumstances. 如果客观环境有所改善，这个计划实施起来效果可能更好。
victim of circumstance 客观环境的牺牲品
Grants are awarded according to your financial circumstances. 补助金根据经济状况发放。
family, personal circumstances 家庭经济状况；个人经济状况 
desperate circumstances 捉襟见肘的境况 
comfortable circumstances 宽裕的经济状况 
adverse, difficult, tragic circumstances 逆境；困境；悲惨的境遇
in normal circumstances 正常情况下 
in any circumstance 在任何情况下 
suspicious circumstances 可疑的情况 
true circumstances 真实情况 
extreme circumstance 极端情况 
the extenuating circumstances 可减轻罪行的情况 
Only if the circumstances are exceptional will we accept late applications. 除非特殊情况，否则我们不接受逾期申请。

n. [C] [尤英]（工厂、学校等的）供应食物和饮料的一个地方，即食堂，餐厅:
n. [C] 士兵、旅行者等所用的用于装水或其他液体的一个小容器，有时可称为水壶:
n. [C] [英] canteen of cutlery 装有一套刀、叉、汤匙的一个盒子，可称为餐具盒:
canteen |[kæn'ti:n]
He had eaten his tea in the canteen. 他已经在餐厅吃过茶点了。
a school canteen 学校食堂
a full canteen of water 满满一壶水

lacking organization; untidy:
involving or contributing to a breakdown of peaceful and law-abiding behaviour:涉及或促成破坏和平和守法行为
disorderly |dɪsˈɔːdəli| Adjective/:乱,无序的,杂乱无章
his life was as disorderly as ever:他的生活一如既往的混乱
they had no intention of staging a disorderly protest:他们无意进行无序抗议

used to emphasize the basic, fundamental, or intrinsic nature of a person or thing:用于强调人或事物的基本、根本或内在本质
essentially |ɪˈsɛnʃəli| Adverb/:本质上,基本上

vt. prevent sb/sth (from doing sth) 防止某人做某事；防止某事发生。是一个常规用词:
vt. prevent sb/sth (from doing sth) 阻止某人做某事；阻止某事发生。具体可称为阻止、阻碍、阻挠等:
prevent |[prɪ'vent]
The accident could have been prevented. 这次事故本来是可以避免的。
to prevent sunburn 防止晒伤 
prevent the disease from spreading 防止疾病蔓延
These barriers prevent new companies from entering the market. 这些障碍使新公司无法进入市场。
No one can prevent you from attending this meeting. 没有人能阻止你参加这次会议。

n. [U] 正式的行为；某一正式场合所做出的传统行为（或说出的传统的话语）。即礼节、礼仪、客套:
n. [C]（包括一系列正式或传统活动的）公共（或宗教）仪式、典礼。是“仪式”的常规用词:
ceremony |['serɪmənɪ]
the pomp and ceremony of a royal wedding 王室婚礼的盛大场面与仪式 
to be buried with great ceremony 被隆重地安葬 
The Republic was proclaimed in public with great ceremony. 共和国在公开场合非常隆重地宣布成立。
opening ceremony 开幕式 
awards ceremony 颁奖礼 
wedding ceremony 婚礼仪式 
religious ceremony 宗教仪式 
funeral, memorial ceremony 葬礼；纪念仪式 
graduation ceremony 毕业典礼 
inauguration, signing ceremony 就职典礼；签字仪式 
tea ceremony 茶道

vt. [正式] 开始拥有某种品质或外观，即呈现出（外观或品质），相当于take on:
vt. 假设性地认为:
vt. [正式] 承担（责任）。此时一般可换为bear:
vt. 假设，假定，即未经证明而认为。比suppose更专门地表示采取不确定的态度，以检验一项假设:
vt. [正式] 假装有某种感情或品质，相当于put on:
vt. [正式] 开始拥有（权力），取得（权力），相当于take:
assume |[ə'sju:m]
This matter has assumed considerable importance. 这件事看来相当重要。
In the story the god assumes the form of an eagle. 在这个故事中神以鹰的形象出现。
It is reasonable to assume (that) the economy will continue to improve. 认为经济将继续好转是有道理的。
She would, he assumed, be home at the usual time. 他认为，她会在通常时间回到家的。
It is generally assumed that stress is caused by too much work. 普遍认为，紧张是工作过重所致。
I had assumed him to be a Belgian. 我本以为他是比利时人。
I automatically assumed that you knew about this. 我想当然地认为你知道这件事。
I think we can safely assume that this situation will continue. 我想我们可以有把握地认为这种情况将持续下去。
It is generally assumed that they were lovers. 大家普遍认为他俩是恋人。
The court assumed responsibility for the girl’s welfare. 法庭承担了保障这个女孩福利的责任。
Let us assume for a moment that the plan succeeds. 咱们暂时假设计划成功。
In this example we have assumed a unit price of $10. 在这个例子中我们已假定单价为10美元。
Don’t always assume the worst. 别总往最坏处想。
He assumed an air of concern. 他装出关心的样子。
Rebel forces have assumed control of the capital. 叛军已控制了首都。

n. [C] 所需之物:
vt.（为成功做成某事而）需要…:
vt.＆vi. 坚决要求，强烈要求:
n. 1 [C] demand (for sth/that ...) 坚决要求:
demands (on sb)可表示…让你做的事，尤指困难、让人劳累或烦恼、担忧等的要求:
n. [U, C] demand (for sth/sb)顾客对商品和服务的需求或需求量:
demand |[dɪ'mɑːnd]
economic, emotional, financial, physical, practical, social, technical demands 经济需求；感情需求；财务需求；体力需求；实际需求；社会需求；技术需求
This sport demands both speed and strength. 这项运动既需要速度也需要体力。
She demanded an immediate explanation. 她强烈要求立即做出解释。
I demand to see the manager. 我坚决要求见经理。
‘Where are the keys?’ she demanded angrily.“钥匙在哪儿？”她生气地问道。
The UN has demanded that all troops be withdrawn. 联合国已要求撤出所有部队。
A final demand for payment had been issued. 要求付款的最后通知已经发出。
written demand 书面要求 
financial, political demand 资金要求；政治要求 
public, union demand 公众的要求；工会的要求 
ransom, salary demand 赎金要求；薪金要求 
to be available on demand 有求必应 
the demands of children, the demands of work 孩子烦人的事；工作中累人的事 
Flying makes enormous demands on pilots. 驾驶飞机对飞行员要求很高。
My work seems to make more and more demands on my time. 工作似乎要占用我越来越多的时间。
customer, market demand 顾客需求；市场需求 
domestic demand 国内需求 
energy demand 能源需求 
demand for credit 贷款需求 
seasonal demand 季节性的需求 
the law of supply and demand 供求规律 
Demand is exceeding supply. 供不应求。
Demand for the product is enormous. 这种产品需求量很大。

n. [C, U] 作可数名词时常用复数，指（影响一个人行为的）一种内在的道德规则或强烈信念，即道德准则，道德原则:
n. [C] 人的行为方式（或思考方式）所基于的理由、信条，即观念:
n. [C] 某事情、事物所基于的一条法则、规则或理论:
n. [C] 单数名词，指解释事件如何发生（或为何发生）的一条普遍的或科学的规则，即工作原理，定律:
principle |['prɪnsəpl]
He has high moral principles. 他很有道德。
a man of principle 一个品行端正的男人 
ethical, guiding principle 伦理规范；指导规范 
I refuse to lie about it; it’s against my principles. 我绝不为此事撒谎；那是违背我的原则的。
She refuses to allow her family to help her as a matter of principle. 她不要家人帮忙，对她来说这是个原则问题。
the principle that free education should be available for all children 所有儿童都应该能享受免费教育的观念 
the basic principles of car maintenance 汽车保养的基本原则 
His novels reject chronology as an organizing principle. 他的小说放弃了以年代为序的布局原则。
market, political principle 市场原则；政治原则 
the uncertainty principle 不确定性原则 
the principles and practice of writing reports 报告写作的理论与实践 
There are three fundamental principles of teamwork. 团队合作有三个基本原则。
Discussing all these details will get us nowhere; we must get back to first principles. 一直谈这些细节不会有结果的；我们必须回到根本原则上来。
I agree with you in principle, but we’ll need to discuss the details. 我原则上同意你的意见，但是我们需要讨论一下细节问题。
the principle that heat rises 热气上升的定律 
mathematical, physical, scientific principle 数学原理；物理学原理；科学原理

n. [sing.] 给予某人或某事的反应或反响:
n. [U]（无线电和电视信号的）接收效果:
n. [U] 接收、接纳某人（的行为）:
n. 1 [U] [尤英]（旅馆、办公建筑等入口处内部的）接待处或接待区（宾客或到访者到达旅馆或办公楼后首先要去的地方）:
2 [C] 欢迎某人（或庆祝某事）的一个正式社交场合，即接待仪式；招待会等:
3 [sing.] 给予某人或某事的欢迎:
4 [U] 接待或迎接某人（的行为）:
reception |[rɪ'sepʃn]
critical reception to a movie 对一部电影的批评 
the positive reception to the speech 对演讲的好评 
The plan has had a somewhat mixed reception from local people. 当地居民对这一计划反响不一。
The managers did not expect a sympathetic reception from the striking workers. 管理人员并没指望得到罢工工人的同情。
radio, satellite, television reception 收音机收听质量；卫星接收效果；电视机收视效果 
There was very poor reception on my phone. 我的电话接收效果很差。
the reception of refugees from the war zone 接纳战区来的难民 
a reception centre for children who have run away from home（英）离家出走儿童收容处
reception area 接待区 
reception counter, reception desk 接待处 
reception staff 接待人员 
at reception（英）在前台 
Please wait for me downstairs in reception. 请在楼下前台等我。
You can leave a message with reception. 你可以在接待处留个口信。
to report to the reception 到接待处报到 
evening reception 欢迎晚宴 
welcome reception（尤美）欢迎宴会 
diplomatic, wedding reception 外交宴会；婚宴 
cocktail reception（尤美）鸡尾酒会 
a reception for the Japanese trade delegation 欢迎日本贸易代表团的招待会 
Delegates gave him a warm reception as he called for more spending on education. 由于他呼吁增加教育经费，代表们向他报以热烈的欢迎。
The returning soldiers received a rousing reception. 归来的士兵们受到了热烈的欢迎。
reception party 迎宾队 

vt.&vi. ~ (sth/sb) (from…) (to…)（使）转移到不同的地点:
vt.&vi. ~ (sb) (from…) (to…)（使）某人转移到一个新的工作岗位、学校、情况等:
vt.&vi.（使）转移感情:
vt.&vi. [尤英] ~ (sb) (from…) (to…) 在体育运动中可指（使）某人转会（尤指职业足球队）:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (from sth) (to sth)（使）转存、转录（信息、音乐、想法等）:
vt.&vi. 转移技能:
n. 1 [U, C]（地点、工作、学籍等的）改变:
2 [U, C] 数据的迁移:
3 [U, C]（物理、化学等领域的）电荷、能量等的转移、传递:
4 [U, C] 在体育运动中可指（运动员）转会:
5 [U] [心理学] 迁移（将已习得的行为在新的情况下应用）:
vt.&vi. 改编:
n. 1 [U, C] 信息的传递、知识的传播:
2 [U, C]（物理、化学等领域的）电荷、能量等的转移、传递:
vt.&vi. 移交权力:
vt.&vi.（使）转让权利、技术等:
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 转让财产:
n. 1 [U, C] 资金的转移、转账:
2 [U, C] 所有权的转让:
3 [U, C] 权力的移交:
n. [C] [尤英] [美常用decal] 转印图画，转印图案；转印纸（利用挤压或加热，可从纸上转印到物体的表面）:
n. [U, C] 生物学上的移植:
vt.&vi.（使）传染疾病:
vt.&vi. ~ (sb) (from…) (to…)（使）在旅途中转乘、换乘:
n. 1 [U, C] 旅途中的换乘交通工具、改变路线:
2 [C] [美]（火车、公交车等的）换乘票:
transfer |[trænsˈfɜ:(r)]
The film studio is transferring to Hollywood. 这家电影制片厂正迁往好莱坞。
How can I transfer money from my bank account to his? 怎么才能把我账户上的钱转到他的账户上呢？
to transfer assets abroad 向国外转移资产 
I couldn't transfer all my credits from junior college.（尤美）我无法把我在专科学校的所有学分都转过来。
If I spend a semester in Madrid, will my credits transfer?（尤美）如果我在马德里上一学期的课，我的学分能转过来吗？
The patient was transferred to another hospital. 患者转送到了另一家医院。
He was transferred from Weston Hospital to Frenchay. 他从韦斯顿医院转院到了法兰查。
Remove the wafers with a spoon and transfer them to a plate. 用勺子抄起薄饼，把它们转盛到盘子里。
She transferred the gravy into a gravy boat. 她把肉汁倒入船形卤汁盘。
Children usually transfer to secondary school at 11 or 12. 儿童通常在11或12岁时升读中学。
He transferred to UCLA after his freshman year. 他读完大学一年级后，转学到加利福尼亚大学洛杉矶分校。
Ten employees are being transferred from the sales department. 十名雇员已调离销售部。
I was transferred to the book department. 我被调到图书部。
I suspect that she is going to be transferred. 我猜想她要被调走了。
Joe had already transferred his affections from Lisa to Cleo. 乔已移情别恋，把爱意从莉萨转移到了克利奥身上。
I realized she'd transferred all her love from me to you. 我意识到她已把所有的爱从我身上转移到了你身上。
He transferred to Everton for £6 million. 他以600万英镑的转会费转到埃弗顿队。
He was transferred from Spurs to Arsenal for a huge fee. 他以巨额转会费从热刺队转到阿森纳队。
Nick Barmby who transferred from Spurs to Middlesbrough. 从热刺队转会到米德尔斯伯勒队的尼克·巴尔姆比 
He was transferred from Crystal Palace to Arsenal for £2.5 million. 他以 250 万英镑的身价从水晶宫队转入阿森纳队。
You can transfer data to a disk in a few seconds. 你可以在几秒钟内将数据转存到磁盘上。
Such information is easily transferred onto microfilm. 这种信息很容易转存到缩微胶卷上。
Data is easily transferred electronically. 利用电子手段传输数据很容易。
systems to create film-quality computer effects and then transfer them to film 创造胶片级电脑画质并将之转录到胶片的系统 
Skills cannot be transferred directly from a trainer to a trainee. 技能无法直接从培训师转给受训者。
population transfer 人口迁移 
The war caused a massive transfer of population. 战争造成大规模的人口迁移。
There has been a net transfer of lower-paid people away from the inner cities. 低收入者移出内城区的人数已多于移入者。
Her boss recommended a permanent transfer overseas. 她的老板建议调她常驻海外。
He has asked for a transfer to the company's Paris branch. 他要求调到公司的巴黎分部。
transfer student 转校生 
The law schools accept a large number of second-year transfer students. 法学院接受了大量的二年级转校生。
data transfer 数据传输 
file transfer 文件传输 
digital, electronic transfer 数字传输；电子传输 
electronic data transfer 电子数据传输 
transfer speed 传输速率；传输速度 
data transfer rates of 6.4 GB per second 美秒6.4GB的数据传输速率 
transfer process 传输过程 
I did a file transfer from one PC to another. 我把一个文件从一台个人电脑上转移到另一台上。
charge, electron, energy, heat, nuclear, thermal transfer 电荷转移；电子转移；能量传递；热量传递；核移植；热传递 
It was the first goal he had scored since his transfer from Chelsea. 这是他从切尔西队转会过来之后的第一记入球。
His club have given him a free transfer. 他的俱乐部同意他自由转会。
transfer list, transfer market, transfer system 转会清单；转会市场；转会制度 
transfer fee, transfer payment, transfer price 转会费；转会价格 
transfer budget, transfer kitty 转会预算；转会资金 
transfer deadline, transfer window 转会截止日期；转会窗口期 
transfer deal 转会协议 
The novel does not transfer well to the movies. 这部小说不太适宜改编成电影。
information, knowledge transfer 信息传递；知识传播 
charge, electron, energy, heat, nuclear, thermal transfer 电荷转移；电子转移；能量传递；热量传递；核移植；热传递           
Sovereignty was formally transferred on December 27. 主权在12月27日正式移交。
The Philippines needs capital and technology transfer. 菲律宾需要资本与技术转让。
There will be a transfer of technology from this country to Mongolia. 这个国家将会向蒙古国进行技术转让。
He transferred the property to his son. 他把财产转让给了儿子。
He has already transferred ownership of most of the works to a British foundation. 他已把大部分作品的所有权转让给一家英国基金会。
Certain kinds of property are transferred automatically at death. 死亡时某些财产会自动转让。
balance（尤英）, bank, capital, cash, credit, financial, money, share（尤英）, stock transfer 余额转结；银行转账；资本转移；现金转账；信贷转账；财务转账；资金划拨；股份过户；股票过户 
telegraphic transfer（英）电汇 
the transfer of currency from one country to another 货币从一国到另一国的汇划 
Employees are paid by direct transfer to a bank account. 雇员的工资直接转入银行账户。
land, property transfer 土地转让；资产转让 
resource transfer 资源转让 
technology transfer 技术转让 
Only the owner can make a transfer of goods. 只有货主才能转让货物。
the transfer of property between private buyers 私人买家之间的资产转让 
the smooth transfer of power to the new government 权力向新政府的顺利移交 
After the election there was a swift transfer of power. 大选之后权力迅速交接。
the transfer of sovereignty 主权的移交           
gold letter transfers 金字转印纸
embryo, gene transfer 胚胎移植；基因移植      
This disease is rarely transferred from mother to baby (= so that the baby has it as well as the mother). 这种疾病很少由母亲传给婴儿。
The chances of the disease being transferred to humans is extremely remote. 该疾病传播到人类身上的几率微乎其微。
Can the disease be transferred across species? 这种疾病能跨物种传播吗？         
I transferred at Bahrain for a flight to Singapore. 我在巴林转乘飞往新加坡的班机。
Passengers are transferred from the airport to the hotel by taxi. 旅客自机场改乘出租汽车到旅馆。
He likes to transfer from the bus to the Blue Line at 103rd Street in Watts. 他喜欢在华兹区第 103 大街下公交车转乘地铁蓝线。
1,654 passengers were transferred at sea to a Norwegian cruise ship. 1,654 名乘客在海上转搭了一艘挪威游轮。
The transfer from the airport to the hotel is included in the price. 票价包括从机场转车到旅馆的费用。

adj.（坏事）可以预防的:
preventable |[prɪˈventəbl]
Forty-thousand children a day die from preventable diseases. 每天有4万个孩子死于本可以预防的疾病。
These injuries are entirely preventable. 这些伤害完全可以预防。
Many potentially preventable cancers are currently missed. 许多可防治的癌症目前被漏诊。
Most common health upsets that spoil a holiday are easily preventable. 导致假期泡汤的大多数常见的身体不适都是很容易预防的。

vt. 对将要发生的事怀有一种高兴或兴奋的心情，如期盼、期待:
vt. [正式] 先于某人去做某事，早于某人行动:
vt. 预料、预期:
vt. 预见（将来会发生的事并采取行动为此事做好准备），如未待提出就回答（问题）；预先考虑并满足（请求、需要等）:
anticipate |[ænˈtɪsɪpeɪt]
We eagerly anticipated the day we would leave school. 我们迫切地期盼着毕业离校的那一天。
one of the most eagerly anticipated arts events of the year 一年中最受期盼的艺术盛事之一 
The eagerly anticipated movie will be released next month. 那出观众翘首企盼的电影将于下月上映。          
When Scott reached the South Pole he found that Amundsen had anticipated him. 斯科特到达南极时发现阿蒙森已先到过那里。
We don't anticipate any major problems. 我们预料不会发生什么大问题。
I don't anticipate it being a problem. 我认为它不会成为一个问题。
It is widely anticipated that she will resign. 大家都预料她会辞职。
They anticipate moving to bigger premises by the end of the year. 他们预期年底前迁入较大的经营场址。
At the time we couldn't have anticipated the result of our campaigning. 那时我们不可能预料到我们这项运动的结果。
We anticipate that sales will rise next year. 我们预料明年销售量将会增加。
It is anticipated that inflation will stabilize at 3%. 据预测，通货膨胀将稳定在3%。
It is anticipated that the equivalent of 192 full-time jobs will be lost. 预计将失去相当于192份全职工作的岗位。
Our anticipated arrival time is 8.30. 我们预计抵达的时间是8:30。
What Jeff did was to anticipate my next question. 杰夫预先回答了我的下一个问题。
Do you expect your partner to anticipate your needs? 你是否期望你的伴侣不等你提出就主动满足你的需要？
We need someone who can anticipate and respond to changes in the fashion industry. 我们需要一个能预见时装业变化并做相应安排的人。

n. [C] 假设性的认为:
n. [C, U] [正式] assumption of sth（责任的）承担:
n. [C]（在没有证据的前提下做出的）假设、假定:
n. [C, U] [正式] assumption of sth（权力的）开始拥有，即取得:
assumption |[ə'sʌmpʃn]
There is an underlying assumption that the unemployed are reluctant to work. 人们都下意识地认为失业的人不愿意工作。
We need to challenge some of the basic assumptions of Western philosophy. 我们有必要向西方哲学的某些基本假设提出质疑。
Dr Subroto questioned the scientific assumption on which the global warming theory is based. 苏布罗托博士质疑全球变暖理论所依据的科学假设。
Your argument is based on a set of questionable assumptions. 你的论证建立在一套有问题的假设上。
the assumptions underlying their beliefs 构成他们信仰的基础的种种假设 
Lots of evidence supports this assumption. 许多证据支持该假设。
We are working on the assumption that the techniques are safe. 我们是在假定这些技术安全可靠的前提下工作的。
It was impossible to make assumptions about people's reactions. 臆断人们的反应是不可能的。
His actions were based on a false assumption. 他的行为基于错误的设想。
They have taken a wrong turning in their assumption that all men and women think alike. 他们错误地设想所有男女均见解一致。
There is an underlying assumption that the unemployed are reluctant to work. 人们都下意识地认为失业的人不愿意工作。
shared assumptions between teachers and parents 老师和家长共同的假设 
She's always making assumptions about how much money people have. 她总在猜人们有多少钱。
I set the table for eight people, on the assumption that Jo would come. 我假定乔也会来，所以准备了八个人的餐具。
We are working on the assumption that everyone invited will turn up. 我们假定了每一个人都会应邀出席并正就此做出安排。
assumptions about how women should behave 关于女性应如何行事的种种假设
The government have retained the support which greeted their assumption of power last March. 自从在刚过去的三月掌权以来，政府的支持率依旧未减。
their assumption of control 他们的取得控制

n. [C] [正式] prescription (for sth)（为解决问题或改进状况等所提出的）方案，提议，建议，计划。不太常用:
n. 1 [C] prescription (for sth)（医生开的）处方，药方:
2 [U] 开处方；开药:
n. [C]（医生开的）药，药品，药物:
prescription |[prɪ'skrɪpʃn]
economic prescriptions 经济方案 
a prescription for happiness 增进幸福的建议
prescription drug, prescription medicine 处方药 
The drug will require a physician’s prescription. 这种药需要医生的处方。
The doctor gave me a prescription for antibiotics. 医生给我开了抗生素。
the usual prescription for asthma 治疗哮喘病常开的处方 
the prescription of drugs 开药
a prescription charge 处方药费 
I’m not sleeping even with the prescription the doctor gave me. 我服了医生给我开的处方药还是睡不着。
