evolution						进化，演变
annoy							惹恼，打搅
unintended						非计划中的
origin						产地，起源，出身
qualify						使具有资格，限定，修饰，有权
emergence						出现，形成
complain						抱怨，抗议
merit							价值，荣誉，长处，值得
forum							公共集会场所，论坛
arrange						整理，排列，安排，达成
determination					决心
bargain						协议，便宜货，讲条件
appetite						食欲，欲望
neutral						中立的，平淡的，互相抵消的，空档
primitive						原始的，早期的，简陋的
therapy						治疗
conscience						良心，内疚
define						给...下定义，阐明，界定
creativity						创造性
tailor						裁缝，定制
dramatically					戏剧性的，突发惊人的
panic							恐慌
motivation						动机，积极性
durable						耐用的，耐用品
remedy						治疗药物，改进措施，补偿
inevitable						必然发生的
diverse						多种多样的
context						环境，上下文
prominent						重要的，著名的，显眼的
witness						目击者，证人，证明
\\\\\\\\

n. [U] 某事物的逐渐发展，即演变，渐进:
n. [U] 生物学上的进化（即动植物经过多年而适应环境的过程）:
evolution |[͵i:və'lu:ʃn]
cultural, historical, political, social, spiritual, ideological, technological evolution 文化演变；历史演变；政治演变；社会演变；精神进化；意识形态的演变；技术演变 
peaceful evolution 和平演变 
the evolution of modern physics 现代物理学的演进 
the evolution of the English Language 英语的演变 
the evolution of the financial system 金融体系的演变 
his evolution from comedian to serious actor 他由喜剧演员到严肃演员的演变
Darwin’s theory of evolution 达尔文的进化论 
biological evolution 生物进化 
human evolution 人类的进化

vt. 使某人轻微生气，即使恼怒，相当于irritate:
vt. 使某人不舒服或不能放松，即打扰、骚扰，相当于bother:
annoy |[ə'nɒɪ]
His constant joking was beginning to annoy her. 他不停地开玩笑，已开始惹她生气。
It annoys me to see him getting ahead of me. 我看见他领先于我就心里不痛快。
His air of calm superiority annoyed her intensely. 他那平静而又盛气凌人的样子让她很烦。
I only stay out late to annoy my parents. 我在外面待到很晚只是为了气我的父母。
A fly were beginning to annoy. 一只苍蝇开始惹得我心烦。

not planned or meant:未计划或无意
unintended |ˌʌnɪnˈtɛndɪd| Adjective/:意外,无意的
the unintended consequences of people's actions:人们行为的意外后果

n. [C, U] 某事物的起因，原因:
n. [C, U]（也可用复数的origins）某事物的起源，源头:
n. [C, U]（也可用复数的origins）一个人的社会和家庭背景，如出身、身世:
origin |['ɒrɪdӡɪn]
Most coughs are viral in origin. 咳嗽大多是由病毒引起的。
the origins of life on earth 地球上生命的起源 
the origin of the word 该词的来源 
The custom has its origin in ancient festival. 该习俗起源于古代的一个节日。
a painting of unknown origin 一幅来历不明的画 
local origin 来自当地 
historical origin 历史起源 
African origin 来源于非洲 
the origins of the city 这座城市的起源 
The rock is volcanic in origin. 这块石头是火山石。
The label tells you the country of origin. 标签显示了原产国。
sb’s country of origin 某人的出生国 
African origin 非洲血统 
He is a Londoner by origin. 他是伦敦人。
foreign origin 外国血统 
mixed origin 混血 
class, racial, social origin 阶级出身；种族背景；社会背景 
noble, peasant origin 贵族出身；农民出身 
He was of humble origins. 他出身卑微。

vi. ~ (as sth) 取得做某项工作的资格（如通过资格考试）:
vt. ~ sb (for sth) 使某人具备做某事所需的技能和知识:
vi. ~ (for sth) 获得更高一级的参赛资格:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (as sth) 质量高到（或特征充足到）足以符合或配得上某称号、名称等:
vt.&vi. ~ (sb) (for sth)（使）有权做某事:
vt. [语法]（单词）修饰、限定:
vt. 使原先所说的话更具体:
qualify |[ˈkwɒlɪfaɪ;美ˈkwɑ:l-]
How long does it take to qualify? 需要多长时间才能取得资格？
But when I'd qualified and started teaching it was a different story. 可是等我获得资格开始教书的时候，却是另一番情形了。
I qualified as a doctor from London University over 30 years ago. 30多年前，我从伦敦大学毕业，取得了行医资格。
This training course will qualify you for a better job. 本培训课程将使你能胜任更好的工作。
The basic course does not qualify you to practise as a therapist. 这门基础课程并不能让你获得治疗师的从业资格。
The test qualifies you to drive heavy vehicles. 通过这一考试就有资格驾驶重型车辆。
He failed to qualify. 他未能获得参赛资格。
They qualified for the World Cup. 他们打进了世界杯。
Nottingham Forest qualified for the final by beating Tranmere on Tuesday. 诺丁汉森林队于星期二打败了特兰米尔队，取得了决赛资格。
Cameroon have also qualified after beating Sierra Leone. 喀麦隆队击败塞拉利昂队之后也成功晋级。
Do you think this dress qualifies as evening wear? 你看这连衣裙适合作晚礼服吗？
It's an old building, but that doesn't qualify it as an ancient monument! 这是一座老建筑，但不足以称为古迹。
13 percent of American households qualify as poor, says Mr. Mishel. 米歇尔先生说，13%的美国家庭符合贫困家庭的标准。
These people seem to think that reading a few books on old age qualifies them as experts. 这些人似乎以为自己读了几本关于老年人的书就可以算作专家了。
A three-week course hardly qualifies as sufficient training. 三周的课程很难称得上充分的培训。
If you live in the area, you qualify for a parking permit. 你若在本地区居住，就有权领取停车许可证。
To qualify, you must have lived in this country for at least three years. 你必须在这个国家居住至少三年才能享有此权利。
Paying a fee doesn't automatically qualify you for membership. 交纳会费并不能使你自动成为会员。
You will automatically qualify for a pension. 你将自动获得领取养老金的权利。
To qualify for maternity leave you must have worked for the same employer for two years. 你必须为同一个雇主工作满两年才能享受产假。
In ‘the open door’, ‘open’ is an adjective qualifying ‘door’. 在the open door中，open是修饰door的形容词。
I want to qualify what I said earlier--I didn't mean he couldn't do the job, only that he would need supervision. 我想具体说明一下我原先的话——我没有说他不能担任这工作，只是说他需要指导。
I would qualify that by putting it into context. 我会将它放入上下文中进行具体解释。

n. [U]（某个过程或事件的）出现、兴起:
emergence |[iˈmɜ:dʒəns;美iˈmɜ:rdʒəns]
the island's emergence from the sea 3 000 years ago 3000年前这个岛从大海中露出 
the emergence of new technologies 新技术的出现 
Conditions after the war led to the emergence of a new type of political party. 战后的形势导致一类新政党的出现。
The last decade saw the emergence of a dynamic economy. 最近十年见证了经济的强劲增长。
The annual competition has encouraged the emergence of several talented young musicians. 每年一度的比赛造就了若干天才的年轻音乐家。
his emergence as the party's leader 他脱颖而出成为该政党的领导者

vt.&vi. ~ (to sb) (about/of sth) 抱怨、埋怨、发牢骚、投诉:
complain |[kəmˈpleɪn]
I'm going to complain to the manager about this. 我要就这件事向经理投诉。
I'm going to complain to the council about this! 我要向当局投诉这件事！
45 officers complained of harassment. 45名军官投诉受到骚扰。
She never complains, but she's obviously exhausted. 她虽然从不抱怨，但显然已疲惫不堪。
The defendant complained of intimidation during the investigation. 被告申诉在调查期间受到了恐吓。
He complained bitterly that he had been unfairly treated. 他愤懑地诉说他所受到的不公平待遇。
‘It's not fair, ’ she complained. “这不公平。”她抱怨道。
‘How are you? ’ ‘Oh, I can't complain (= I'm all right). ’（非正式用法）“你好吗？”“啊，没的抱怨的。” 
Miners have complained bitterly that the government did not fulfill their promises. 矿工们愤愤不平地抱怨说政府没有履行诺言。
The American couple complained about the high cost of visiting Europe. 这对美国夫妇抱怨到欧洲旅行的花销太高。
He complained of a headache. 他说头痛。
She complained bitterly about the lack of help she received. 她对自己没有得到帮助而愤愤地抱怨。
to loudly complain 大声埋怨 
to privately complain 私底下埋怨 
It was entirely my own idea, so I can hardly complain. 这完全是我自己的主意，所以不能抱怨什么。
He really has no right to complain. 他实在无权抱怨。
All the guests complained about the noise. 所有的客人都抱怨这些噪声。
She complained at the unfairness of it all. 她抗议所有这一切的不公平。

n. 1 [C] [英]（学校或大学考试或作业的）良好（是一种成绩等级）:
2 [C] [英]（在学校操行好而获得的）良好（是一种品德等级）:
vt. [不用于进行时] [正式] 应得、值得受到:
n. [U] [正式] 好的且值得赞扬、奖赏或钦佩的品质，如价值:
n. 1 [U] [正式] 好的且值得赞扬、奖赏或钦佩的品质，如美德、优点:
2 [C, usually pl.] 值得赞扬、奖赏或钦佩的品特征，如优点、长处:
merit |[ˈmerɪt]
He claims that their success was not merited. 他声称他们不应该获得成功。
The question hardly merits an answer. 这个问题简直不值得回答。
Such ideas merit careful consideration. 这样的想法值得斟酌。
The case does not merit further investigation. 这个案子不值得进一步调查。
He said he had done nothing wrong to merit a criminal investigation. 他说自己没有干坏事，不应该受到刑事调查。
academic, aesthetic, architectural, intellectual, legal, literary, musical, scientific, technical merit 学术价值；美学价值；建筑价值；知识价值；法律价值；文学价值；音乐价值；科学价值；技术价值 
The movie has no artistic merit whatsoever. 这部电影毫无艺术价值。
I found no artistic merit in this film. 我没发现这部影片有任何艺术价值。
Box-office success mattered more than artistic merit. 票房上的成功比艺术价值更重要。
a work of outstanding artistic merit 具有杰出艺术价值的作品 
The plan is entirely without merit. 这个计划毫无价值。
The argument seemed to have considerable merit. 这个论点似乎颇有价值。
She proved her merit as a serious actress. 她证明了自己作为一名严肃演员的价值。
She saw the merit in this arrangement. 她看到了这种安排的优点。
I find no merit at all in any of the arguments. 我发现这些争论毫无意义。
a lawsuit that lacked any real merit 毫无是处的诉讼
She received a merit award for outstanding work. 她因为工作表现突出而获得了优秀奖。
Films are given a rating of one to five stars according to merit. 影片根据优劣按一到五星评级。
Prizes are awarded entirely on merit. 奖项完全根据表现来颁发。
There is lots of merit to the idea. 这个想法有许多优点。
I can see no merit in excluding the child from school. 我看不出开除这个孩子的学籍有什么好处。
The winners are ranked in order of merit.（英）获胜者按照成绩排序。
They weighed up the relative merits of the four candidates. 他们对四名候选人各自的优点作了比较。
We need to consider the relative merits of both makes of dishwasher. 我们需要权衡两种品牌洗碗机相比较而言的优点。
We need to assess the merits of both proposals before making our decision. 做出决定之前，我们需要对两个提案的优缺点进行评估。
I began to question the merits of these new technologies. 我开始质疑这些新技术的优点。
They have been persuaded of the merits of peace. 他们被劝服，认识到了和平的好处。
the technical merits of a film 一部电影技术上的长处

n. 1 [C] ~ (for sth) 人们就某个问题（尤指重大的公共问题）进行讨论的一个场所，如论坛；也可指为此而组织的讨论会:
2 [C]（古罗马城镇中讨论商业和政治问题的）公共集会场所:
forum |[ˈfɔ:rəm]
Television is now an important forum for political debate. 电视已成了政治辩论的重要擂台。
to hold an international forum on drug abuse 举行药物滥用问题国际论坛 
An international forum on economic development took place in Brussels. 在布鲁塞尔举行了一次关于经济发展的国际讨论会。
Members of the council agreed that it still had an important role as a forum for discussion. 理事会成员一致认为它仍然发挥着论坛的重要作用。
The organization would provide a forum where problems could be discussed. 这个组织将提供一个可以讨论问题的平台。
The conference provides a useful forum for the exchange of views and ideas. 大会为观点和思想的交流提供了一个有用的论坛。
The movie show was followed by an open forum on editing techniques. 电影放映后举行了一个有关剪辑技术的公开讨论会。
economic, political, social 经济论坛；政治论坛；社会论坛 
Internet, online, web forum 互联网上的论坛；在线论坛；网络论坛 
We will be hosting a two-day forum on childcare. 我们将主办为期两天的儿童保育讨论会。

vt.＆vi. 提前计划（或组织）某事，如安排、筹备。是“安排”的常规用词，最为常用:
vt. 以一种特定的顺序来放置某事物；使某事物整洁美观。如整理、布置、排列。是此义的常规用词:
vt. arrange sth (for sth) 谱写（或改编）一支乐曲（以使其适合于一种特定的乐器或嗓音）:
arrange |[ə'reɪndӡ]
The party was arranged quickly. 聚会很快就安排好了。
She arranged a loan with the bank. 她和银行商定了一项贷款。
We met at six, as arranged. 我们按时在六点钟碰面。
We arranged for a car to collect us from the airport. 我们安排了一辆轿车到机场接我们。
I’ve arranged with the neighbours about feeding the cat while we are away. 我们外出期间给猫喂食的事，我已和邻居安排妥了。
These matters are easy to arrange. 这些事情好安排。
chronologically, systematically, thematically arrange 按年代顺序排列；系统排列；按主题排列 
The books are arranged alphabetically by author. 这些书是按照作者名字的字母顺序排列的。
She arranged the chairs in neat rows. 她把椅子整齐地排列成行。
to arrange my financial affairs 安排我的财务 
She arranged the flowers in a vase. 她把花瓶中的花插好。
The clothes were arranged according to size. 衣服按照大小排列。
He arranged traditional folk songs for the piano. 他把传统民歌改编成钢琴曲。

n. [U] ~ (to do sth) 决心；果断；坚定；坚决:
n. [U] [正式] 作出正式决策的过程，即决定:
n. [U, C] [术语] 查明:
n. [U, C] [术语] 计算:
n. [U, C] [术语] 测定:
n. [U, C] [术语] 查明；计算；测定:
determination |[dɪˌtɜ:mɪˈneɪʃn;美-ˌtɜ:rm-]
dogged, fierce, great, grim, gritty（尤英）, ruthless, single-minded, steely, strong, firm, stubborn determination 顽强的决心；坚强的意志；钢铁般的意志；坚定的决心；始终不渝的决心 
quiet determination 暗自决心 
absolute, sheer determination 坚定的决心 
He succeeded by hard work and sheer determination. 他靠努力工作和坚定的信念取得了成功。She demonstrated a clear determination to improve her performance. 她明确地表示出完善自己表现的决心。
With a renewed determination, she stood up. 她重下决心，站了起来。
She was full of determination to achieve her goals. 她下定决心要实现自己的目标。
He has the determination to succeed.他有争取成功的决心。
She has shown great determination and skill. 她表现出坚强的决心和出色的技能。
She expressed her determination to continue in the job. 她表明了在这个职位上继续干下去的决心。
He hung on with grim determination. 他以坚韧不拔的毅力坚持着。
He fought the illness with courage and determination. 他勇敢顽强地与疾病作斗争。
Everyone concerned acted with great courage and determination. 所有相关人员都表现出了极大的勇气和决心。
He reaffirmed their determination to tackle inflation. 他重申了他们要解决通货膨胀问题的决心。
I admire her determination to get it right. 我赞赏她非把事情弄清楚的决心。
They had survived by sheer determination. 他们全凭坚强的决心幸存下来。
factors influencing the determination of future policy 影响未来决策的各种因素
Both methods rely on the accurate/precise determination of the pressure of the gas. 两种方法都依赖于对气体压力的准确测定。
age, sex determination 年龄判断；性别判定

n. [C] bargain (with sb) 一些人或组织之间的协议，尤指正式的商业协议。该协议规定为彼此做某事，是一份交易性的协议，与deal极其类似，不过bargain明显暗示出在达成协议的过程中有一番你来我往的讨价还价:
vi. bargain (with sb) (about/over/for sth) 与某人商定价格、条件等，以达成一个可接受的协议，与negotiate近义，但不如negotiate正式:
n. [C] 减价货，便宜货，但是含褒义:
bargain |['bɑːɡɪn]
I expect you to keep your side of the bargain. 希望你遵守协议。
Finally the two sides struck a bargain. 双方最终达成了协议。
to drive a hard bargain 强迫对方达成对你极为有利的协议 
Her part of the bargain was to provide the food. 说好了她的责任是提供食物。
He was prepared to bargain about money. 他愿意就钱的问题进行商议。
to bargain for a better salary 为争取提高薪水而谈判
I picked up a few good bargains. 我买了几样挺不错的便宜货。
The car was a bargain at that price. 那辆车的价格真便宜。
bargain buy（尤英）买得合算的东西；便宜货 
bargain hunting 寻找减价商品 
bargain basement 廉价商品部 
bargain-basement prices 低价 
bargain bin 减价商品箱

n. [C] appetite (for sth) 欲望，强烈愿望:
n. [U, C, usually sing.] 对食物的渴望，即食欲，胃口:
appetite |['æpɪtaɪt]
an appetite for success, an appetite for capital, an appetite for power, an appetite for books, appetite for adventure 对成功的渴望；对资本的渴望；对权力的渴望；对书籍的渴望；对冒险的渴望 
the public appetite for serious information 大众对严肃信息的渴望 
sexual appetite 性欲望 
Reading the first story whetted my appetite for more. 读第一个故事激起了我继续读下去的欲望。
to have a healthy appetite 有健康的胃口 
to spoil your appetite 破坏食欲 
poor appetite 食欲不振

adj. 色彩素净的、不鲜艳的:
n. [C] 素净的颜色、中和色:
adj.（化学性质）中性的（即既非酸性也非碱性的）:
adj.（缩写为N）不带电的，即中性的:
adj. 1 在分歧、竞争等处境中不支持任何一方的，即中立的:
2 在战争中中立的、中立国的:
3 感情上中立的，即不带强烈感情的:
Isabel put her magazine down and said in a neutral voice, 'You're very late, darling.' 伊莎贝尔放下杂志，平静地说道:
4（话语）中立的、不含褒贬义的:
n. [C] 分歧或竞争中的中立者、战争中的中立国:
n. [U]（车辆排挡的）空挡:
adj. 某事物（因本身力量较弱，或达到了各方平衡而）不好不坏的，不引起变化的:
neutral |[ˈnju:trəl;美ˈnu:-]
a neutral colour scheme 中和色组合 
neutral tones 浅色调 
At the horizon the land mass becomes a continuous pale neutral grey. 陆地在地平线处变成了一片浅灰。
Mary suggests using a neutral lip pencil. 玛丽建议用浅色唇线笔。
She chose fairly neutral make-up. 她选择淡妆。
The room was decorated in neutrals. 房间装饰得素素净净。
Pure water is neutral with a pH of 7. 纯水是中性的，酸碱度为7。            
the neutral wire in a plug 插头上的不带电的电线 
A neutron is simply a neutral particle in the nucleus of an atom. 中子就是原子核里不带电的粒子。
neutral about this issue 在这个问题上保持中立 
Journalists are supposed to be politically neutral. 新闻工作者在政治上应持中立态度。
I didn't take my father's or my mother's side; I tried to remain neutral. 我既不支持父亲也不袒护母亲，尽力做到不偏不倚。
Those who had decided to remain neutral in the struggle now found themselves required to take sides. 那些先前决定在争斗中保持中立的人现在发现他们需要表明立场了。
culturally, ethically, ideologically, morally, politically neutral 文化上没有倾向；伦理上没有倾向；意识形态上没有倾向；道德上没有倾向；政治上没有倾向 
Our actions are never culturally neutral. 我们的行为必然要受到文化的影响。
neutral territory, neutral waters 中立国的领土；中立国的水域 
Switzerland was neutral during the war. 瑞士在战争期间保持了中立。
The government maintained its strictly neutral policy. 政府坚持了严格的中立政策。
The Russians took a broadly neutral position. 俄罗斯采取了大体上中立的立场。
The meeting must be at a politically neutral location. 这次会议必须在一个政治上中立的地点举行。
Her expression seemed neutral. 她的表情好像是中性的。
Jane kept her voice carefully neutral. 简小心翼翼地使自己的声音不带任何感情色彩。
‘So you told her? ’ he said in a neutral tone of voice. “那么你告诉她了？”他平静地说。
He told her about the death, describing the events in as neutral a manner as he could. 他告诉了她这次死亡事故的情况，描述经过时尽可能不掺杂个人感情。
Both sides had agreed to use neutral terms in their references to each other, avoiding controversial ones. 双方已达成协议，在提及对方时使用中性的词语，避免有争议的字眼。
He had departed from his prepared testimony, which was considered to be neutral. 他抛开了自己准备好的、被认为是中立的证词。
to leave the car in neutral 将车的排挡置于空挡位 
Graham put the van in neutral and jumped out into the road. 格雷厄姆把货车挂到空挡，自己跳到马路上。
Three in every five interviewed felt that the Budget was neutral and they would be no better off. 五分之三的受访者觉得该预算案不好不坏，他们的境况不会好到哪里去。

adj. 非常简单且旧时的，尤指不便或不舒适的，即发展水平低的，相当于crude:
adj. 1 常用于名词前，属于原始社会的，远古的:
2 常用于名词前，属于人类或动植物发展早期的:
adj. 常用于名词前，（感觉或欲望）强烈且无理性的，像人类生活的早期一样的:
n. [C] 绘画风格像孩子一样的画家或作品，即原始派画家:
n. [C] 绘画风格像孩子一样的画家或作品，即原始派画家或作品:
n. [C] 文艺复兴前的艺术家:
n. [C] 文艺复兴前的艺术作品:
primitive |['prɪmɪtɪv]
The facilities on the campsite were very primitive. 营地的设施非常简陋。
The conditions are primitive by any standards. 这些条件以任何标准衡量都是简陋的。
primitive tribes 原始部落 
studies of primitive societies 对原始社会的研究 
primitive man 原始人 
primitive whales 原始鲸
a primitive instinct 原始本能

n. 1 [U, C]（针对某人特定病情的）治疗方案、治疗方法:
2 [U] 心理治疗。相当于psychotherapy:
therapy |[ˈθerəpi]
conventional drug therapy 常规药物疗法 
Most leukaemia patients undergo some sort of drug therapy (= treatment using drugs). 绝大多数白血病患者都会接受某种药物治疗。
alternative, complementary, natural therapies (= treatments that do not use traditional drugs) 替代疗法；补充疗法；自然疗法 
hormonal therapies 激素疗法 
a therapy group 心理治疗小组 
She's in therapy. 她在接受心理治疗。
In therapy, she began to let go of her obsession with Mike. 在接受治疗的过程中，她开始逐渐从对迈克的迷恋中解脱出来。
He is having therapy to conquer his phobia. 他在接受治疗以克服自己的恐惧症。

n. [U, C] 对自己所做过（或未曾做过）的某事所怀有的一种内疚感:
n. 1 [C, U] 内心的一部分，负责对行为之正误进行判断，即良心，良知:
2 [U]（做事）凭良心（即使这可能会引起一些问题）:
conscience |['kɒnʃəns]
I have a terrible conscience about it. 我对此事深感愧疚。
He had no conscience about taking his brother’s money. 他对拿哥哥的钱一点儿也不觉得内疚。
I have a clear conscience. 我问心无愧。
to have a guilty conscience 问心有愧 
individual conscience 个人良知 
moral, social conscience 道德良知；社会良知 
consumers with an environmental conscience 有环境意识的消费者 
to followe my conscience 凭我的良心行事 
to examine your conscience 扪心自省 
a man of conscience 一个有良知的人 
freedom of conscience 凭良心行事的自由 
Jane is the voice of conscience in the play. 简在这部戏中是良知的代言人。

vt. 表现出清晰的线条、形状或边缘:
vt. ~ sth (as sth) 给词语下定义:
When people are asked 'What is intelligence?' they tend to reply: 'I don't know how to define it, but I can certainly recognize it when I see it.' 当被问及“智力是什么”的时候，人们往往会回答说:
vt. 准确地描述、阐明、表明、界定:
define |[dɪˈfaɪn]
The mountain was sharply defined against the sky. 那座山在天空的衬托下显得轮廓分明。               
The term ‘mental illness’ is difficult to define. “精神病”这个词很难下定义。
He was asked to define his concept of cool. 他被要求说明自己关于“酷”的定义。
Life imprisonment is defined as 60 years under state law. 按照州法律终身监禁定义为60年。
Collins English Dictionary defines a workaholic as 'a person obsessively addicted to work'. 《柯林斯英语词典》给“工作狂”一词下的定义是“一个过分沉溺于工作中的人”。
It is important to define these terms accurately. 准确定义这些术语很重要。
Thread count is defined as the number of threads in one square inch of fabric. 织物经纬密度的定义为每平方英寸织物中线的根数。
We need to define the task ahead very clearly. 我们需要明确今后的任务。
There may be problems if responsibilities are not adequately defined. 如果责任没有充分界定，就可能出现问题。
We have chosen to define the scope of our study quite broadly. 我们已决定把研究范围界定得笼统些。
The difficulty of a problem was defined in terms of how long it took to complete. 问题的难易度是以解决这个问题所花时间的长短而定的。
It is difficult to define what makes him so popular. 很难解释清楚什么原因使他如此走红。
We were unable to define what exactly was wrong with him. 我们说不清楚他到底哪里不对劲。
the culturally defined role of women 从文化角度定义的女性角色 
Social values are not easy to define. 社会价值观定义起来并非易事。
This type of lymphoma is defined by the presence of specific malignant cells. 这种淋巴瘤确诊的依据是某些恶性肿瘤细胞的存在。

n. [U] 创造性；创造力:
creativity |[ˌkriːeɪˈtɪvəti]
artistic, cultural, intellectual, musical, scientific creativity 艺术创造力；文化创造力；知识创造力；音乐创造力；科学创造力 
human creativity 人的创造力 
individual, personal creativity 个人的创造力 
I wanted an agency that had real creativity. 我想要一个真正富有创造力的机构。
It was his way of expressing his creativity. 这是他自己表达创造力的方式。
Her approach showed great creativity. 她的做法显示出极大的创新性。
A good teacher can encourage artistic creativity. 好的老师能够激发学生的艺术创造力。
This rigid approach stifles creativity. 这种僵化的方法扼杀创造力。
Developers were forced to use their creativity and originality to develop new games. 要求开发人员研发的新游戏必须有创意且不落俗套。
This exercise encourages creativity in the use of language. 这个练习促进对语言的创造性运用。
My job doesn't give me much scope for creativity. 我的工作没有给我多少创新空间。

vt. tailor sth to/for sb/sth 为某个目的、某个人等专门制作、订做、改编…:
n. [C] 以制作男士服装为工作的一个人（尤指为顾客私人订制套装等的一个人），即裁缝:
tailor |['teɪlə]
Special programmes of study are tailored to the needs of specific groups. 制订特殊课程，以满足特定群体的需要。
Most travel agents are prepared to tailor travel arrangements to meet individual requirements. 为了满足个性化需要，大多数旅行社都愿意做出专门的旅游安排。
We identify your needs, and tailor your training accordingly. 我们找出你们的需求，并相应地制定培训方案。
a system that is specially tailored for small companies 专门为小公司开发的系统

in a way that relates to drama or the performance of drama:以与戏剧或戏剧表演有关的方式
by a strikingly large amount or to a strikingly large extent, greatly:非常多或在很大程度上，极大地
in an exciting or impressive manner:以令人兴奋或令人印象深刻的方式
in a way intended to create an effect, theatrically:以一种旨在创造一种效果的方式，戏剧性地
dramatically |drəˈmatɪkli| Adverb/:,极大地
they displayed their talents both musically and dramatically:他们在音乐上和戏剧上都展示了他们的才华
his health has improved dramatically:他的健康状况显着改善
his dramatically shaped canvases attracted critical acclaim:他造型奇特的画布获得了一致好评
she paused dramatically:she戏剧性地停顿了一下

n. 1 [U, C, usually sing.] 突然产生的一阵巨大且难以抑制的恐惧（使人难以清晰地思考），可称为惊恐或恐慌。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
2 [C] 人心惶恐不安的一种局面（在该局面中人们担忧焦虑、不经仔细思考就匆匆行动）:
vt.＆vi. 惊慌失措（以致说些蠢话、做些蠢事或危险的事等）；使某人惊慌失措:
panic |['pænɪk]
a panic decision 慌乱中做出的决定 
panic reaction, panic symptoms 恐慌反应；恐慌症状 
a look of panic 惊恐的神色 
She went into a blind panic when she couldn’t find the exit. 她找不到出口，陷入了莫名的恐慌之中。
News of the losses caused (a) panic among investors. 亏损的消息令投资者人心惶惶。
a last-minute panic 事到临头手忙脚乱 
panic buying, panic selling 恐慌购买；恐慌抛售 
panic about food contamination 对食物污染的恐慌 
public panic 公众的恐慌 
financial panic 金融恐慌 
They fled in panic as the fire took hold. 火势起来时，他们惊慌逃出。
panic button 紧急按钮
I panicked when I saw smoke coming out of the engine. 我看见发动机冒烟时，吓得手足无措。
The gunfire panicked the horses. 枪声惊到了马匹。       

n. [C, U]（某人做某事的）动机、理由、原因:
n. [U] 做事的积极性:
motivation |[͵məʊtɪ'veɪʃn]
economic, political, psychological motivation 经济动机；政治动机；心理动机 
I question your motivation. 我质疑你的动机。
He said that pay was his main motivation for working. 他说赚取报酬是他工作的主要动机。
students with high motivation 学习热情高涨的学生 
He’s intelligent enough but he lacks motivation. 他很聪明，但缺乏积极性。

able to withstand wear, pressure, or damage, hard-wearing:能承受磨损、压力或损坏，耐磨
(of a person) having endurance:（一个人的）有耐力
durable |ˈdjʊərəbl| Adjective/Noun/:耐用的,耐用,耐久,经久耐用
porcelain enamel is strong and durable:瓷釉坚固耐用
the durable Smith lasted the full eight rounds:耐用的史密斯打了整整八轮

vt. 解决:
n. 1 [C] ~ (for/to sth)（问题或困难处境的）处理方法、改进措施、补救措施:
2 [C] [法律] ~ (against sth)（通过法律程序的）解决方法:
vt. 补救:
n. [C] ~ (for/to sth)（针对疾病或疼痛的）药品:
n. [C] ~ (for/to sth)（针对疾病或疼痛的）疗法、治疗:
n. [C] [法律] ~ (against sth)（通过法律程序获得的）补偿、赔偿:
remedy |[ˈremədi]
to remedy a problem 解决问题           
There is no simple remedy for unemployment. 失业问题没有简单的解决办法。
The remedy lies in the hands of the government. 解决良策掌握在政府手中。
a remedy for economic ills 解决经济问题的良方妙策 
There are a number of possible remedies to this problem. 这个问题有许多可能采取的解决办法。
Desperate remedies were resorted to in the search for food. 为寻找食物采取了极端的做法。
When the reservoir becomes blocked, the only remedy lies in cleaning the entire system. 水库堵塞，唯一的解决办法就是疏浚整个系统。
The agreement states that he has a remedy against the subcontractor. 协议称他有一种对付分包商的办法。
legal remedy 法律手段 
Holding copyright provides the only legal remedy against unauthorized copying. 持有版权是制止盗版的唯一法律手段。
Your best remedy is to go to the small claims court. 解决你问题的最好办法是去小额索赔法院。
They will have to seek a judicial remedy for breach of contract. 他们将不得不寻求司法手段来解决合同违约的问题。
They advised him to exhaust all other remedies before applying to court. 他们建议他在诉诸法律之前先试试其他的办法。
This situation is easily remedied. 这种情形易于补救。
This could easily be remedied if the authorities were willing. 如果当局愿意的话，这很好补救。
The government should have taken steps to remedy the situation. 政府本应采取措施挽救这一局势。
A great deal has been done internally to remedy the situation. 已经做了很多内部工作对这种情形进行补救。
herbal remedy 草药 
He took a herbal remedy for his hay fever. 他服用草药治疗花粉热。
over-the-counter remedy 非处方药 
cold, cough, hangover remedy 感冒药；咳嗽药；宿醉药 
The player insists that he merely took a cold remedy and not a banned substance. 该运动员坚称他只是服用了感冒药而不是什么禁药。
One dose of the remedy is sufficient. 这药吃一服就够了。
The remedy was given in different strengths to a group of volunteers. 药按照不同的浓度分发给了一组志愿者。
The remedies are all prepared from wild flowers. 这些药物都是从野花中提取的。
traditional remedy 传统疗法 
folk, home remedy 民间疗法；家庭疗法 
an excellent home remedy for sore throats 治疗咽喉疼痛的极佳的家庭疗法 
alternative, homoeopathic, natural remedy 非传统疗法；顺势疗法；天然疗法 
natural remedies to help overcome winter infections 有助于治疗冬季传染病的自然疗法 
They're hoping to find a remedy for the condition. 他们希望找到一种医治这种疾病的方法。
She tried various remedies, but none of them worked. 她尝试了各种疗法，却没有一种见效。
remedies afforded to creditors by a bankruptcy order 通过破产令给债主的补偿 
You have a remedy in civil law. 你可以求助于民法来解决。
rights and remedies（英，法律）权利和赔偿 
The Act created rights and remedies for consumers. 该法案明确了消费者的权利，制定了补偿办法。

adj. [只用于名词前]（常幽默）总会发生的（以致于让人每次都期待的），如照例必有的、惯常的:
adj. 不可避免的；无法防止的:
n. [sing.] the inevitable可指不可避免的事、必然发生的事:
inevitable |[ɪnˈevɪtəbl]
the English and their inevitable cups of tea 英格兰人和他们例行的饮茶
It was an inevitable consequence of the decision. 那是这个决定的必然后果。
It was inevitable that there would be job losses. 裁员已是不可避免的事。
A rise in the interest rates seems inevitable. 提高利率似乎是不可避免的。
If the case succeeds, it is inevitable that other trials will follow. 如果该案胜诉,其他审判必然随之而来。
The defeat had inevitable consequences for British policy. 战败对英国政策不可避免地产生了影响。
The scandal made her resignation inevitable. 丑闻使得她不得不辞职。
They came to see defeat as inevitable. 他们逐渐认识到失败是不可避免的。
She bowed to the inevitable (= accepted a situation in which she had no choice）and resigned. 她迫于无奈，只得辞职。
You have to accept the inevitable. 你得接受必然发生的事。
The inevitable happened--I forgot my passport. 逃不掉的事情发生了——我忘了带护照。

adj. 彼此之间十分不同且多种多样的:
diverse |[daɪ'və:s]
people from diverse cultures 不同文化背景的人 
My interests are very diverse. 我的兴趣非常广泛。
economically, religiously, socially diverse 经济多元化；宗教多元化；社会多元化 
an ethnically diverse population 多民族的人口 
biologically diverse 生物多样化

n. [C, U] 某事发生的背景、来龙去脉（能帮助你理解这件事）:
n. [C, U] 上下文、语境:
context |[ˈkɒntekst;美ˈkɑ:n-]
This speech needs to be set in the context of Britain in the 1960s. 这篇演说需要放到20世纪60年代的英国这一背景之下来看待。
You have to look at these remarks within the context of the recent scandals. 你得把这些话放在最近的丑闻背景下加以考虑。
We are doing this work in the context of reforms in the economic, social and cultural spheres. 我们是在对经济、社会、文化诸领域进行改革的背景下从事这项工作的。
the historical context in which Chaucer wrote 乔叟写作的历史背景 
His decision can only be understood in context. 只有了解来龙去脉才能明白他的决定。
Taxation is not popular in principle, merely acceptable in context. 征税基本上是不受欢迎的，在一定情境中才勉强为人接受。
It is important that we put Jesus into the context of history. 我们将耶稣置于历史环境中来看是很重要的。
You have to see the problem in a wider context. 你必须从更广阔的背景来看这个问题。
a work which transcends its immediate historical context and speaks to later generations 一部超越当时历史背景、与后代对话的作品 
These actions only have meaning within certain specific contexts. 这些行为只有在特定情形下才有意义。
It is natural to find conflict in the work environment, in the family, or any other human context. 在工作场合、家庭内部，或其他任何与人有关的环境下出现冲突是很正常的。
experimental, theoretical context 实验背景；理论背景 
cultural, economic, educational context 文化背景；经济背景；教育背景 
geographical, historical, legal, literary, political, religious, social context 地理背景；历史背景；法律背景；文学背景；政治背景；宗教背景；社会背景 
Christian context 基督教背景 
Institutions provide a context in which individuals can take on different roles. 机构为个体提供能够发挥不同作用的环境。
How can teachers create the right context for kids? 教师如何才能给孩子们创造适当的环境？
Similar problems have arisen in other contexts. 在其他情况下也出现过类似的问题。
a neutral context for sharing and debating ideas 交流思想和进行辩论的中立环境
You should be able to guess the meaning of the word from the context. 你应该能从上下文猜出这个词的含义。
to present examples of language in use in an appropriate context 举出在恰当语境中语言运用的例子 
Without a context, I would have assumed it was written by a man. 如果没有上下文，我会以为这是出自一名男子笔下。
This quotation has been taken out of context (= repeated without giving the circumstances in which it was said). 这条引语是断章取义。
Thomas says that he has been taken out of context on the issue. 托马斯说，在这个问题上他的话被断章取义了。
Quotes can be manipulated and used out of context. 引语可能会被篡改，使用时断章取义。

adj.（某人）重要的；著名的；杰出的:
adj.（某事物）容易被看到的，如显眼的、显著的:
adj. 从某事物中突出来的:
adj.（某人）重要的:
prominent |[ˈprɒmɪnənt;美ˈprɑ:m-][ˈprɒmɪnənt;美ˈprɑ:m-]
a prominent politician 杰出的政治家 
He played a prominent part in the campaign. 他在这次运动中发挥了重要作用。
She was prominent in the fashion industry. 她曾在时装界名噪一时。
a prominent member of the Law Society 法律协会的重要成员 
the children of very prominent or successful parents 杰出或成功人士的孩子 
prominent as a player and coach作为运动员和教练知名的 
prominent in the trade unions 在各工会之间声名显赫
The church tower was a prominent feature in the landscape. 教堂的尖塔曾经是此地景观的重要特色。
Here the window plays a prominent part in the design. 这里窗户在设计中起着非常重要的作用。
The story was given a prominent position on the front page. 这则报道刊登在头版的显著位置。
Romania's most prominent independent newspaper 罗马尼亚最著名的独立报纸
a prominent nose 高鼻子 
prominent cheekbones 突出的颧骨
He played a prominent part in the campaign. 他在这次运动中发挥了重要作用。
a prominent member of the Law Society 法律协会的重要成员

n. [C]（也叫eyewitness）一个见到某事发生并能向其他人描述该事件的人，即目击者，见证人:
vt. 看到某事发生，尤指犯罪或事故:
n. 1 [C] 法庭上的证人:
2 [C]（也叫eyewitness）罪案的目击者，见证人:
3 [C] 你签署了一份正式文件后，在该文件上进行签字的另一个人，（该人的签字旨在证明其见证了你的签署）即连署人:
vt. 为正式文件的签署进行作证，即连署:
vt. 1 是某事件发生的地点、时期、组织等，即见证了…的发生。此时与see未见明显差别:
2 [正式] 用于给出一个例子，以证明自己刚才所说过的，即…就是证据，或看…就知道:
vt.＆vi. witness (to sth) 常用被动式，是…的迹象或证据:
witness |['wɪtnɪs]
The ancient temples bears silent witness to the passing dynasties.（比喻用法）这些古刹默默见证了历代王朝的兴亡。
She was shocked by the violent scenes she had witnessed. 她被亲眼目睹的暴虐场面惊呆了。
We are now witnessing an unprecedented increase in violent crime. 我们现在看到暴力犯罪空前增多。
reluctant, unwilling witness 不情愿作证的证人 
hostile witness 敌意证人 
defence/defense, prosecution witness 辩方证人；控方证人 
expert witness 专家证人 
character witness 品格证人 
civilian, police（英）witness 平民证人；警方证人 
The defence called their first witness. 被告传唤他们的第一个证人。
witness box（英）, witness stand（美）证人席 
witness testimony（尤美）证人证词 
witnesses to the attack 此次袭击的目击者 
to appeal for witness（尤英）呼吁目击者作证 
witness account, witness statement（尤英）目击者描述 
According to witnesses, the thief escaped through the bedroom window. 根据目击者的描述，小偷是从卧室的窗户逃走的。
a witness to murder 谋杀案目击者 
silent witness（比喻用法）沉默的见证人 
The document was signed and dated by you in the presence of two witnesses. 该文件由你当着两个连署人的面签名并写上日期。
a witness at a wedding 婚礼的证婚人 
The marriage contract is signed in front of witnesses. 婚约是当着几个见证人的面签订的。
Would you be willing to act as a witness to my signature when I sign my will? 你愿意做我签署遗嘱的见证人吗？
to witness a signature 为签字作连署
The country has witnessed great economic progress these years. 该国这些年来在经济领域取得了巨大进步。
Last year witnessed a declining unemployment. 去年失业率出现下降。
Traditional industries are witness great changes. 传统行业正发生巨大变革。
The final success often follows a long stand of failure--witness the great ones who have changed the world. 挺过长久的失败才有资格迎来最终的成功，看看那些改变了这个世界的伟人巨匠就知道了。
The huge attendance figures for the exhibition witness to a healthy interest in modern art. 从展览会参观人数之巨大可以看出，人们对现代艺术具有浓厚兴趣。
