impact						冲撞，影响
personality					个性，气质，名人
inhabitant				居民
hardy				强壮的
vessel				船，容器，导管
convention				大会，习俗，惯例，公约
coupon				优惠券
grim					严肃的，严酷的，令人沮丧的，坚定的，恐怖的
groan				呻吟，抱怨
invest						投资，使...就职，赋予
crumble			碎裂，崩溃
overhaul			全面修订
commend			称赞，推荐，委托
commend oneself	受到某人的欣赏
peculiar				奇怪的，不舒服的，特别的，特有的
commonwealth			英联邦
deceive				欺骗，使人误信
lax				不严谨的
default					拖欠，默认
monitor						显示器，班长，观察，监测
intermediate		中间的，中级的
nominal				名义上的，微不足道的，正常的
deadly						致命的，极度的
exterminate		消灭，灭绝
contrast					差异，反面，反差，对比
presumably		大概
conservatory		暖房
embed			把...嵌入，使被铭记，使并入
available						可获得的，有空的，单身的
Arctic			北极
onlooker			旁观者
\\\\\\\\

vt.&vi. ~ (on/upon) sth 对某事物有影响、有作用:
n. [C, usually sing, U] ~ (of sth) (on sb/sth) 对某人或某事物产生的巨大影响:
n. [C, usually sing, U] 物体之间的撞击力:
n. [C, usually sing, U] 物体之间的撞击:
vt.&vi. ~ (on/upon/with) sth [正式] 撞击:
impact |[ˈɪmpækt]
The company's performance was impacted by the high value of the pound. 公司的业绩受到了英镑高值的冲击。
to impact on inflation and competition 对通货膨胀和竞争产生影响 
Such schemes mean little unless they impact on people. 这些计划没什么意义，除非它们对人民产生影响。
Her father's death impacted greatly on her childhood years. 父亲去世对她的童年造成巨大影响。
cultural, ecological, economic, emotional, financial, health, political, psychological, social impact 文化影响；生态影响；经济影响；情感影响；财务影响；健康影响；政治影响；心理影响；社会影响 
Businesses are beginning to feel the full impact of the recession. 工商企业开始感受到了经济衰退的全面冲击。
the impact of the debt crisis on developing countries 本次债务危机对发展中国家的影响 
Variations in the interest rate will have an impact on the whole housing market. 利率的变动将对整个房地产市场产生影响。
the initial impact of the reforms 改革的最初影响 
the likely impact of the changes on employment patterns 这些变化对雇佣模式可能产生的影响 
to minimize the impact of price rises on our customers 努力使涨价对我们的顾客产生的影响降至最低 
to resist the impact of poverty on the health of their children 避免贫困对孩子的健康产生影响 
They say they expect the meeting to have a marked impact on the future of the country. 他们称他们预期会议对国家的未来会产生显著影响。
the wider impact of this proposal 这份提议的更广泛的影响 
the personal impact of party leaders 政党领袖的个人影响力 
the environmental impact of tourism 旅游事业对环境的巨大影响 
the impact of AIDS on the gay community 艾滋病对同性恋群体的影响 
the major impact of this epidemic 这种传染病的重大影响 
Architecturally, these churches reflected the impact of the Renaissance. 从建筑风格来看，这些教堂受到了文艺复兴的影响。
The railways made a direct physical impact on the landscape. 铁路对地貌产生直接影响。
We'll show you how to dress for maximum impact at the all-important audition. 这次试演关系重大，我们会教你如何着装才能取得最佳效果。
the cumulative impact of a series of damaging events 一系列危害事件所产生的累积影响 
Her speech made a profound impact on everyone. 她的讲话对每个人都有深远的影响。
You certainly made a big impact on Carter. 你确实对卡特产生了很大影响。
the human impact on the dolphins 人类对海豚的影响 
physical, visual impact 生理影响；视觉影响 
potential impact 潜在的影响 
decisive impact 决定性的影响 
positive, negative impact 积极的影响；消极的影响
The front coach of the train took the full impact of the crash. 火车的前部车厢承受了全部撞击力。
A well-designed sports shoe should absorb the impact on the 28 bones in each foot. 设计精良的运动鞋应能减轻冲击力，保护单足的28块骨头。
asteroid impact 小行星撞击 
craters made by meteorite impacts 陨石撞击而成的陨石坑 
The front of the car had crumpled on impact. 汽车前部因撞击叠成了一团。
The car is fitted with side impact bars (= to protect it from a blow from the side). 这辆车的两侧都安装了保险杠。
Air bags are designed to soften the impact for crash victims. 气囊是为减缓撞车事故受害人所受冲击而设计的。
to die on impact 死于撞击 
to survive the impact 在撞击中幸存下来 
The bomb explodes on impact (= when it hits something). 炸弹受到撞击就爆炸。
The impact of the blow knocked Jack off balance. 这一记猛击把杰克打了个趔趄。
impact speed, impact velocity 撞击速度 
the moment of impact 撞击的瞬间 
the sharp tinkle of metal impacting on stone 金属撞击石头发出的刺耳叮当声 
The missile merely impacted with the ground prematurely. 导弹只是提前撞向了地面。          

n. 1 [U] 一个人有趣的或有魅力的品质，如魅力、气质:
2 [C] 有个性魅力的人:
n. [C]（尤指娱乐界或体育界的）名人:
n. 1 [C, U] 人的（区别于别人的）性格、个性、人格:
2 [U] 一个人有趣的或有魅力的品质，如魅力、气质:
3 [C] 性格鲜明的人；有突出个性的人:
n. [U] 某地或某事物的有趣的或有区别性的特色、特征:
personality |[ˌpɜ:səˈnæləti;美ˌpɜ:rs-]
We need someone with lots of personality to head the project. 我们需要一位富有魅力的人来主持这个项目。
a woman of great personality 极有个性的女人 
Their son is a real personality. 他们的儿子真是有个性。
He is such a personality--he is so funny. 他很有个性魅力——非常风趣。         
personalities from the world of music 音乐界名流 
political, sports personality 政界名人；体育界名人 
media, radio, television, TV personality 媒体名人；电台名人；电视名人 
on-air personality（美）无线广播人物 
a broadcast network with well-known on-air personalities 携有知名播音员的广播网 
the personality cult surrounding Stalin 对斯大林的个人崇拜
bright, bubbly, extrovert（尤英）, jovial, lively, outgoing, sparkling, vibrant, vivacious personality 开朗的性格；活泼的个性；外向的个性；乐观的性格；风趣的性格 
attractive, charming, lovely（尤英）, nice, pleasant, warm personality 迷人的个性；讨人喜欢的个性；和蔼可亲的性格 
her amiable nature and easygoing personality 她和蔼的性格和随和的个性 
dominant, dynamic, forceful, formidable, powerful, strong personality 强势的个性；坚强的个性；令人敬畏的人格 
authoritarian personality 专制人格 
vulnerable（英）, weak personality 脆弱的个性；软弱的性格 
She manages to project a very distinct personality. 她设法表现出非常鲜明的个性。
quirky personality 古怪的个性 
complex personality 复杂的个性 
volatile personality 反复无常的个性 
creative personality 创造性人格 
dual, multiple, split personality 双重人格；多重人格；分裂人格 
He developed a split personality after the crash. 那次撞车后他变得人格分裂了。
Addictive personalities can run in families. 成瘾个性会在家族中世代相传。
antisocial personality 反社会个性 
Barbara is/has a very forceful personality. 芭芭拉是一个个性很强的人。
The events of her early life shaped her personality. 她童年经历的事塑造了她的个性。
His choice of clothes reflects his personality. 他对衣服的选择反映了他的个性。
She has brought out her husband's personality since their relationship began. 从他们谈恋爱以来，她就让丈夫完全释放出其个性。
The job didn't really suit my personality. 这项工作并不太适合我的性格。
personality type 个性类型 
personality characteristic, personality quirk（尤美）, personality trait 性格特点；性格怪癖；性格特征 
personality disorder, personality flaw, personality problem 人格障碍；人格缺陷；人格问题 
personality development个性发展 
personality change 个性变化 
personality assessment（尤美）, personality profile, personality test个性评估；个性分析；个性测试 
From your personality profile, it seems you're interested in politics. 从你的个性分析结果来看，你似乎对政治感兴趣。
All candidates have to undergo a personality test. 所有候选人都必须接受个性测试。
There was a personality clash between two members of the committee. 两名委员会成员性格不合。
personality conflicts between a faculty member and a student 师生之间的性格冲突 
For the first time she was seeing the more unpleasant aspects of her husband's personality. 她第一次看到了丈夫个性中不那么令人愉快的方面。
She stamped her personality on the company. 公司带有她鲜明的个性色彩。
His wife has a strong personality. 他妻子的个性很强。
The children all have very different personalities. 孩子们的性格各不相同。
He maintained order by sheer force of personality. 他纯凭人格力量维护秩序。
There are likely to be tensions and personality clashes in any social group. 任何社会团体都容易出现关系紧张和性格冲突。
She has such a kind, friendly personality. 她个性善良友好。
Through sheer force of personality Hugh Trenchard had got his way. 休·特伦查德完全凭着个人魅力就能随心所欲。
He has achieved success by the sheer strength of his personality. 他全凭自己人格的力量获得了成功。
We need someone with lots of personality to head the project. 我们需要一位富有魅力的人来主持这个项目。
a woman of great personality 极有个性的女人 
Their son is a real personality. 他们的儿子真是有个性。
He is such a personality--he is so funny. 他很有个性魅力——非常风趣。
The problem with many modern buildings is that they lack personality. 许多现代建筑物的问题在于缺乏特色。
Interesting dis-plays can add personality to your store window.（add尤为美式用法）有趣的展品可以为商店的橱窗增添个性。

n. [C] 栖息在某地的一个动物:
n. [C] 居住在某地的一个人:
inhabitant |[ɪnˈhæbɪtənt]
the oldest inhabitant of the village 这个村最老的居民 
the inhabitants of Glasgow 格拉斯哥市居民 
local inhabitant 当地居民 
first, original inhabitant 首批居住者；原住民 
The island's earliest inhabitants came from India. 该岛最早的居民来自印度。
aboriginal, indigenous, native inhabitant 原住民；本地居民；本地人 
human inhabitant 居住的人 
current, present inhabitant 现在的居民 
former inhabitant 以前的居民 
permanent inhabitant 永久居民 
rural inhabitant 乡村居民 
London has over seven million inhabitants. 伦敦有七百多万居民。
77% of the inhabitants lived in the countryside. 那时77%的居民生活在乡村。
a town of about 1 000 inhabitants 居民在1万人左右的一座城镇

Plants that are hardy are able to survive cold weather. (植物) 耐寒的
hardy |英 ['hɑːdɪ]  | adj. 坚强的；勇敢的；能吃苦耐劳的；鲁莽的/n. 强壮的人；耐寒植物；方柄凿/
The silver-leaved varieties of cyclamen are not quite as hardy.银色仙客来品种不是十分耐寒。


n. [C] [旧时或术语] 盛装液体的容器，器皿（如碗、杯等）:
n. [C]（植物的）导管:
n. [C]（人或动物的）血管，脉管:
n. [C] [正式] 大船、大轮船:
vessel |[ˈvesl]
a Bronze Age drinking vessel 青铜器时代的饮具 
He makes decorative vessels in copper, stainless steel and silver. 他用铜、不锈钢和银制造装饰性器皿。
storage vessels 储物容器 
It is a scientific fact that empty vessels make the most noise. 空容器发出的声音最响，这是经过科学证明的事实。
ritual, sacred vessel 祭器；圣器 
ancient bronze ritual vessels 古代的青铜礼器 
bronze, ceramic, glass, pottery, wooden vessel 青铜器皿；陶瓷器皿；玻璃器皿；陶制器皿；木制器皿
stranded, stricken vessel 搁浅的船只；遇险的船只 
seaworthy vessel 适于航海的船只 
sailing, steam vessel 帆船；蒸汽船 
ocean-going, seagoing vessel 远洋轮船；海船 
fishing vessel 渔船 
cargo, commercial, container, freight（尤英）, merchant vessel 货轮；商船；集装箱船；货运轮船 
naval vessel 军舰 
escort, patrol, Supply, support, survey, transport vessel 护航舰；巡逻舰；补给舰；支援舰；勘测船；运输舰 
passenger vessel 客轮 
research vessel 科考船 
foreign vessel 外国轮船 
enemy vessel 敌舰 
high-speed vessel 快艇 
He was accused of operating the vessel while drunk. 他被控醉酒驾船。
The vessel was registered in Bermuda. 这条船是在百慕大注册的。
A salvage team failed to refloat the vessel. 打捞队没能使这艘船重新浮上水面。
The Navy seized any vessel caught trading with the enemy. 海军扣押了被发现与敌人做生意的所有船只。
Police boarded and searched the vessel. 警察登船搜查。
The captain of the boat was accused of ramming a patrol vessel. 小船的船长被指控撞击一艘巡逻艇。
It was one of the largest vessels afloat. 那是在水上航行的最大船只之一。
The damaged vessel sailed on for another 50 miles. 受损的船又航行了50 英里。
a French vessel bound for Nigeria 一艘驶往尼日利亚的法国船 
The vessel finally entered port after thirty days at sea. 经过三十天的海上航行，这艘船终于驶入港口。
The vessel carried a crew of 130. 这艘船上载有130名船员。
The vessel flooded and began to sink. 船身进水，开始下沉。
They managed to haul the survivors aboard the vessel. 他们设法将幸存者都拖上了船。
A rescue boat managed to come alongside the crippled vessel. 一艘救援船设法靠在了受损船的旁边。
A fire broke out on board the vessel. 船上起火了。
A Moroccan fishing vessel and a South Korean cargo ship collided in rough seas. 一艘摩洛哥渔船与一艘韩国货船在波涛汹涌的大海上相撞了。

n. [C]（某个职业或专业组织、某一政党等的）大型的会议或集会。相当于conference:
n. [C]（国家、组织或首脑间的）官方协议，如公约、协定:
n. [C, U] 社会中大多数人认为礼貌或正确的做事方式，如习俗:
n. [C, U] 社会中大多数人认为礼貌或正确的做事方式，如常规、惯例:
n. 1 [C, U] 社会中大多数人认为礼貌或正确的做事方式，如传统:
2 [C, U]（文学、艺术或戏剧的）传统手法或传统风格:
convention |[kənˈvenʃn]
the annual convention of the Society of Professional Journalists 职业新闻工作者协会年度大会 
annual convention 年会 
international, national convention 国际大会；全国大会 
constitutional, nominating（美）, party, political, presidential convention 制宪会议；提名大会；党代表大会；政治会议；总统会议 
A constitutional convention was elected to try to agree on a new form of government. 选举产生了制宪会议，以努力就新的政体达成一致。
the Democratic Party Convention (= to elect a candidate for president) 民主党代表大会（选出总统候选人）
She was at the Democratic convention. 她参加了民主党代表大会。
He addressed the annual Republican convention. 他在共和党年会上讲了话。
convention centre, convention hall（美） 会议中心；会议厅 
convention floor（美） 大会会众席 
journalists reporting from the convention floor 在会议会众席进行报道的记者 
convention attendee（美）, convention chair, convention chairman, convention delegate, convention organizer, convention speaker 与会者；大会主席；会议代表；大会组织者；大会发言人 
delegates to a convention 会议的代表们 
Dallas is one of the top convention cities in the United States. 达拉斯是美国最顶级的会议城市之一。
global, international convention 全球公约；国际公约 
European convention 欧洲公约 
human rights convention 人权公约 
draft convention 公约草案 
the Geneva convention 日内瓦公约 
the United Nations convention on the rights of the child 联合国儿童权利公约 
the UN convention on climate change 联合国有关气候变化的公约 
the 1951 United Nations Convention on refugees 1951年关于难民的联合国公约 
the Berne Convention for the Conservation of European Wildlife《伯尔尼保护欧洲野生动物公约》
Most countries have adhered to the convention. 大多数国家都遵守这项公约。
This practice breaches the arms convention. 这一做法违反了武器公约。
a convention governing the conditions under which mining is permitted 规定采矿批准条件的公约 
The convention established procedures for the transport of toxic waste. 这一公约规定了运输有毒废物的程序。
This is forbidden under the European Convention on Human Rights.《欧洲人权公约》禁止这种行为。
the 1869 convention between Turkey and Persia 1869年土耳其和波斯之间的公约 
a breach of a convention 对公约的违反
It's just a social convention that men don't wear skirts. 男人不穿裙子只是一种社会习俗。
the rigid social conventions of Victorian Britain 英国维多利亚时期僵化的社会习俗 
They followed the Greek convention of pinning gifts of money to the bride's dress. 他们遵循希腊习俗，把钱作为礼物别在新娘的礼服上。
She knew that she had broken an important social convention. 她知道自己违反了一个重要的社会习俗。
She is a young woman who enjoys flouting conventions. 她是一位喜欢无视传统习俗的年轻女子。
Despite her wish to defy convention, she had become pregnant and married at 21. 尽管她不想遵循传统习俗，但她还是在21岁的时候就怀孕并且结婚了。
In a surprising break with convention, she wore a red wedding dress. 她打破习俗，出人意料地穿了一件红色婚纱。
polite convention（尤英） 礼貌习俗 
Her work refuses any concession to polite conventions of ‘good taste’. 她的作品拒绝迎合“高品位”的礼貌习俗。
cultural, legal convention 文化惯例；法律惯例 
By convention the deputy leader was always a woman. 按惯例，这一领导职务的副职总是由女性担任。
It's an established convention that the part is played by a woman. 由女性扮演这个角色已成惯例。
Convention dictated that dangerous physical action is the part of heroes, not heroines. 惯例要求男主角做危险的身体动作，而不是女主角。
By convention, planets are named after Roman gods. 根据惯例，行星是以罗马神话中诸神的名字命名的。
No young politician can afford to flout convention in this way. 没有哪个年轻的从政者敢于以这样的方式无视传统。
artistic, cinematic, comic, dramatic, journalistic, literary, narrative, operatic, poetic convention 艺术的传统手法；电影的传统手法；喜剧的传统手法；戏剧的传统手法；新闻的传统手法；文学的传统手法；叙述的传统手法；歌剧的传统手法；诗歌的传统手法 
The novel refuses to conform to the narrative conventions of 19th century realism. 这部小说拒绝沿用19世纪现实主义的叙述套路。
orthographic, spelling, rhetorical convention 拼写惯例；修辞的习惯用法 
He challenged the conventions of painting. 他挑战绘画的传统手法。
the conventions of Greek tragedy 希腊悲剧的传统手法 
the stylistic conventions of Egyptian art 埃及艺术的传统风格 
We go offstage and come back for the convention of the encore. 按照加演的传统做法，我们走到后台后又再次返场。

n. [C]（例如从报刊杂志上剪下来的）小型表单，用于参赛、订货、邮回去以询问信息等，即参赛表、订货单、咨询单等:
n. [C]（可用于换取…的）配给券 ，或（可用低于正常价格够买…的）优惠券:
coupon |[ˈku:pɒn;美-pɑ:n;ˈkju:-]
entry coupon（英）参赛单 
To enter the competition, fill in the entry coupon on page 6. 若要参加比赛，请填写第六页的参赛报名表。
Fill in and return the attached coupon. 填写所附上的参赛表并寄回。
Send the coupon with a cheque for £18.50, made payable to 'Good Housekeeping'. 将订单连同一张18.50英镑的支票一同寄出，支票抬头为“《好管家》杂志”。
He was filling in his pools coupon. 他正在填写足球博彩的彩票。
clothing, food, petrol（英） coupon 衣服配给券；食品券；汽油票 
an international reply coupon 国际通用预付回信邮资券 
New members receive coupons for complimentary services. 新成员可得到免费服务券。
She had saved enough coupons to get a free flight. 她已经攒够了优惠券，可以免费乘坐飞机一次。
Cut out and return this coupon to claim your free lift. 想要赠品，请将此券剪下并寄回。
Bring the coupon below to any Tecno store and pay just £10.99. 持下面的优惠券到任意一家Tecno专卖店，只需付10.99英镑。
a 50p money-off coupon 可以便宜50便士的优惠券 
discount, free money-off（英）coupon 折扣券；免费券；抵扣券 
They are offering 50%-off coupons. 他们在发送半价优惠券。
This coupon is valid until 31 January. 这张优惠券1月31日前有效。

A place that is grim is unattractive and depressing in appearance. (地方) 阴沉的
A situation or piece of information that is grim is unpleasant, depressing, and difficult to accept. 严酷的; 令人沮丧的
grim |英 [grɪm]  美 [ɡrɪm]| adj. 冷酷的；糟糕的；残忍的/n. (Grim)人名；(英、德、俄、捷、匈)格里姆/
The city might be grim at first, but there is a vibrancy and excitement.这个城市也许一开始沉闷，但它有一种活力和激情。
There was further grim economic news yesterday.昨天有更令人沮丧的经济新闻。
They painted a grim picture of growing crime.他们描绘了一个犯罪增长的严酷局面。


vt. ~ about 抱怨、发牢骚:
vi. 发出似呻吟的声音:
n. [C]（事物发出的）似呻吟的声音:
vt.&vi. ~ (at/with sth)（因为烦恼、痛苦或高兴而）呻吟、哼哼:
vi. 不高兴地低声说，如咕哝:
n. [C]（人发出的）呻吟声、咕哝声:
groan |[grəʊn;美groʊn]
His parents were beginning to groan about the price of college tuition. 他的父母开始抱怨大学的学费太贵。
We all groaned at his terrible jokes. 他讲的笑话很糟糕，我们都发出不满的抱怨声。
They were all moaning and groaning (= complaining) about the amount of work they had. 他们对工作量都怨声载道。
There's no point in moaning and groaning about not having any money. 为没钱而不停地抱怨是毫无意义的。           
The trees creaked and groaned in the wind. 树在风中嘎吱作响。
The timbers groan and creak and the floorboards shift. 这些木头在吱吱嘎嘎作响，木地板有些摇晃。
The house was filled with the cello's dismal squeaks and groans. 房子里回荡着大提琴低沉而凄厉的声音。
Some of the patients were groaning with pain. 一些病人痛苦地呻吟着。
to groan with pleasure 高兴得直哼哼 
He lay on the floor groaning. 他躺在地板上呻吟。
They glanced at the man on the floor, who began to groan. 他们瞥了一眼躺在地上的男人，那人现在开始呻吟起来。
He groaned inwardly at the thought of spending another day in that place. 一想到要在那儿再待上一天，他就暗自叫苦。
She groaned out loud in protest. 她大声哼哼以示抗议。
‘It's a complete mess! ’ she groaned. “这简直是一团糟！”她咕哝着说。
'My leg — I think it's broken,' Eric groaned. “我的腿——我想是断了，”埃里克咕哝着说。
She let out a groan of dismay. 她发出沮丧的叹息声。
He let out a loud groan of frustration. 他沮丧地大声哼了一声。
He stood up slowly with a groan of pain. 他痛苦地呻吟了一声，慢慢地站起身来。
a groan of annoyance 气恼的哼哼声 
He ignored her moans and groans. 他对她的呻吟充耳不闻。
He fell to the floor with a groan. 他哼了一声倒在地板上。

vt. ~ sth (in sth/in doing sth) 投入时间、精力等:
vt. [正式] 赋予，使具有（某种品质或特征）:
~ sb (as sth) 授予某人权力（尤指作为职位之一部分的权力）:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (in sth) 向企业投资:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (in/on sth)（组织机构、政府等）把资金投入…:
vt.&vi. 购买、买进（有用的东西，其能够帮助自己做事更有效率或成本更低）:
invest |[ɪnˈvest]
She had invested all her adult life in the relationship. 她把成年后的时间全用于维护那一关系。
I would rather invest time in Rebecca than in the kitchen. 我宁愿把时间花在丽贝卡身上也不愿花在厨房里。
The buildings are invested with a nation's history. 这些建筑承载着一个国家的历史。
A tsar was a living icon, invested with deep historical and religious significance. 沙皇曾是活着的圣像，具有深远的历史和宗教意义。
The new position invested her with a good deal of responsibility. 新职位赋予她重大的责任。
The interview was broadcast on the same day he was invested as President. 这次采访是在他成为总统的当天播放的。
The constitution had invested him with certain powers. 宪法授予他某些权力。
Now is a good time to invest in the property market. 现在是对房地产市场投资的好时机。
He invested his life savings in his daughter's business. 他把一生的积蓄投资到了女儿的企业。
They intend to invest directly in shares. 他们打算直接投资股票。
He invested all our profits in gold shares. 他把我们所有的收益都投资在黄金股上了。
The government has invested heavily in public transport. 政府已对公共交通投入了大量资金。
The college is to invest $2 million in a new conference hall. 这所学院计划投入200万元建造新的会议大厅。
In his time managing the club he has invested millions on new players. 他在管理俱乐部期间投入了几百万培养新运动员。
the European Investment Bank, which invested £100 million in Canary Wharf 向卡纳里码头投资了1亿英镑的欧洲投资银行
The company invested thousands in an electronic order-control system. 公司耗资数千购买了一套电子订单管理系统。
The easiest way to make ice cream yourself is to invest in an ice cream machine. 自己制作冰激凌的最简单的办法就是买一台冰激凌机。

Crumble away means the same as . (制度、关系或希望) 崩溃
If something such as a system, relationship, or hope crumbles, it comes to an end. (制度、关系或希望) 崩溃
Crumble away means the same as . 崩塌
If an old building or piece of land is crumbling, parts of it keep breaking off. 崩塌
If something crumbles, or if you crumble it, it breaks into a lot of small pieces. 碎裂; 弄碎
crumble |英 ['krʌmb(ə)l]  美 ['krʌmbl]| vi. 崩溃；破碎，粉碎/vt. 崩溃；弄碎，粉碎/n. 面包屑/
Opposition more or less crumbled away.反对党差不多崩溃了。
Their economy crumbled under the weight of United Nations sanctions.在联合国制裁的重压之下，他们的经济崩溃了。
Much of the coastline is crumbling away.多处海岸线正在垮塌。
The high- and low-rise apartment blocks built in the 1960s are crumbling.建于20世纪60年代的高、低层公寓楼正摇摇欲坠。
Under the pressure, the flint crumbled into fragments.在压力作用下，燧石裂成了碎片。


vt. 对机器或体制进行大修:
n. [C] 对机器进行的大修:
vt. 对体制或方法进行全面修订:
n. [C] 对体制或方法进行的全面修订:
vt. 在体育比赛中赶上并超过对手:
n. [C] 对体制或方法进行的彻底革新:
vt. 对体制或方法进行彻底革新:
overhaul |[ˈəʊvəhɔ:l;美ˈoʊvərh-]
The engine has been completely overhauled. 发动机已彻底检修过了。
Our car was towed away to have its suspension overhauled. 我们的车被拖走了，要对悬架进行大修。
They had ensured the plumbing was overhauled a year ago. 他们曾保证水管一年前彻底检修过。
complete, major overhaul 全面检修；大检修
The legal system needs to be overhauled. 有必要对这套法律体系进行全面修正。
The plan was completely overhauled. 这一计划已全面修订。
He managed to overhaul the leader on the final lap. 他在最后一圈努力超过了领先的人。
Argentina need to beat Peru by at least four goals to overhaul Brazil and reach the final itself. 阿根廷队至少要赢秘鲁队4球才能超越巴西队进入决赛。         
A radical overhaul of the tax system is necessary. 有必要彻底改革税制。
Within a year the party had drastically overhauled its structure. 该党在一年内大刀阔斧地进行了改组。
The government said it wanted to overhaul the employment training scheme to make it cost effective. 政府表示希望彻底改革就业培训计划以实现低成本高效益。

~ sb (on sth/on doing sth)（尤指公开地）赞扬、称赞、赞许:
vt. [正式] ~ sb/sth (to sb) 向某人推荐…:
vt. [正式] ~ sb/sth to sb 把…托付给某人照看:
vt. [正式] 受到赞同、得到认可:
commend |[kəˈmend]
vt. ~ sb (for sth/for doing sth) 
She was commended on her handling of the situation. 她因妥善处理了那个局面而受到表扬。
He was commended for his brave actions. 他的英勇行为受到表彰。
I commended her for that action. 我赞扬了她的那一举动。
I commend Ms. Orth on writing such an informative article. 我对奥思太太写出内容如此翔实的文章表示赞许。
The Prime Minister's initiative has much to commend it. 首相的新方案有不少令人赞许之处。
His book was highly commended. 他的书受到高度赞扬。
She is an excellent worker and I commend her to you without reservation. 她工作出色，我毫无保留地把她推荐给你。
She said she would commend the proposal to the Board. 她说她会向董事会推荐这个提议。
I can commend it to him as a realistic course of action. 我可以把这作为一个切实可行的处理方法推荐给他。
The movie has little to commend it (= it has few good qualities). 这部电影乏善可陈。
The proposed site has much to commend it. 提议中的选址颇有些亮点。
We commend her soul to God. 我们把她的灵魂托付给上帝。
His outspoken behaviour did not commend itself to his colleagues. 他直言不讳的行为不受他同事的欢迎。
The Rousseau model commended itself to a lot of early socialists. 卢梭提出的模式被很多早期的社会主义者接受。

adj. ~ (to sb/sth)（某人、某地、某种情况等）特有的:
adj. 奇怪的、怪异的（尤指同时令人不悦或担忧）:
adj. [英，非正式] 身体略微不适的、略感眩晕的:
peculiar |[pɪˈkju:liə(r)]
a humour that is peculiar to American sitcoms 美国情景喜剧特有的幽默 
The problem is by no means peculiar to America. 这个问题绝不是美国独有的。
a species of bird peculiar to Asia 亚洲独有的鸟类 
He has his own peculiar style which you'll soon get used to. 他有自己独特的风格，你会很快习惯的。
the peculiar properties of mercury 水银的特殊性质 
the smell that is peculiar to hospitals 医院特有的气味
peculiar smell, peculiar taste 奇怪的气味；奇怪的味道 
The meat tasted rather peculiar. 这肉的味道很怪。
There was something peculiar in the way he smiled. 他笑起来有点怪。
I find her attitude a little peculiar, to say the least. 至少可以说，我发觉她的态度有点儿奇怪。
He is a most peculiar man! 他真是个怪人！
I had a peculiar feeling we'd met before. 我有一种奇怪的感觉，觉得我们以前见过面。
For some peculiar reason, she refused to come inside. 出于某种奇怪的原因，她拒绝到里面来。
Mr Kennet has a rather peculiar sense of humour. 肯尼特先生有种很奇怪的幽默感。
All this has made me feel quite peculiar. 这一切令我觉得有点儿不舒服。

n. [sing.] [美]（与美国联系紧密的）自治政区:
n. 1 [sing.] the Commonwealth 英联邦（由英国和大多数曾经隶属于大英帝国的国家组成）:
2 [sing.]（通常用Commonwealth）（用于某些政治上相互有联系的国家集团的名称）联合体:
3 [sing.]（关系友好、有共同点的国家组成的）团体:
n. [sing.]（通常用the Commonwealth）（用于美国肯塔基、马萨诸塞、宾夕法尼亚和弗吉尼亚四州的正式名称中）州:
commonwealth |[ˈkɒmənwelθ;美ˈkɑ:m-]
Puerto Rico remains a US commonwealth, not a state. 波多黎各至今仍然是美国的一个自治政区，而不是一个州。          
a member of the Commonwealth 英联邦成员国 
Commonwealth countries 英联邦国家 
the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) 独立国家联合体（独联体）
the Commonwealth of Australia 澳大利亚联邦 
a commonwealth of nations without economic borders 经济上自由往来的几个国家组成的联盟
the Commonwealth of Virginia 弗吉尼亚州 
The city and the Commonwealth have lost a great leader. 这座城市和这个州失去了一位伟大的领袖。

vt. ~ sb (into doing sth) 欺骗:
vt.&vi. 某事物使人对…有一个错误的观念:
deceive |[dɪˈsi:v]
Her husband had been deceiving her for years. 她丈夫多年来一直在欺骗她。
She deceived him into handing over all his savings. 她把他所有的积蓄都骗了出来。
The public should not be deceived into buying inferior goods. 不应欺骗公众购买劣质货品。
You're deceiving yourself if you think he'll change his mind. 如果你认为他会改变主意，那你是在欺骗自己。
Alcoholics are notorious for their ability to deceive themselves about the extent of their problem. 酗酒者善于在自身问题的严重性上自欺欺人，这是人所共知的。
His gentle, kindly appearance did not deceive me. 我没有被他文雅和善的外表所蒙蔽。
The boys, if my eyes did not deceive me, were praying. 如果我没有看错的话，那些男孩子正在祈祷。
Unless my eyes deceive me, that's his wife. 如果我没有看错的话，那是他的妻子。          

laxity 松懈
If you say that a person's behaviour or a system is lax, you mean they are not careful or strict about maintaining high standards. 松懈的; 不严格的
lax |英 [læks]  美 [læks]| n. 松元音；泻肚/adj. 松的；松懈的；腹泻的/n. (Lax)人名；(英、法、德、意、芬、匈、瑞典)拉克斯/adj. 不严格的；不严谨的/
The laxity of export control authorities has made a significant contribution to the problem.出口管理当局的松懈是导致此问题的重要因素。
There have been allegations from survivors that safety standards had been lax.幸存者们指控安全标准不严格。
One of the problem areas is lax security for airport personnel.其中一个问题是对机场人员的安全措施不严格。


failure to fulfil an obligation, especially to repay a loan or appear in a law court:未能履行义务，尤其是偿还贷款或出庭
a preselected option adopted by a computer program or other mechanism when no alternative is specified by the user or programmer:当用户或程序员没有指定替代方案时，计算机程序或其他机制采用的预选选项
something that is usual or standard:通常或标准的东西
fail to fulfil an obligation, especially to repay a loan or to appear in a law court:未能履行义务，尤其是偿还贷款或出庭
declare (a party) to have defaulted and give judgement against that party:declare（一方）违约并对该方作出判决
(of a device or computer program) revert automatically to (a preselected option):（设备或计算机程序的）自动恢复为（预选选项）
adopt or revert to something that is usual, customary, or standard, especially a behaviour or course of action:采用或恢复到通常、习惯或标准的事物，尤其是行为或行动方针
default |dɪˈfɔːlt| Noun/Verb/:默认,违约,缺省
the company will have to restructure its debts to avoid default:公司将不得不重组其债务以避免违约
the default is fifty lines:默认是五十行
all my life, envy has been my default emotion:我一生，嫉妒一直是我默认的情绪
the dealer could repossess the goods if the customer defaulted:如果客户违约，经销商可以收回货物
two semi-finalists were defaulted:两个半决赛被默认
when you start a fresh letter the system will default to its own style:当你开始一个新的字母时，系统将默认为它自己的风格
when it comes to a crisis, he defaults to being a professional politician:遇到危机，他默认是职业政治家

vt. 监控…的发展或进程（以在必要的时刻做出改变，或同时对该进程进行评论）:
n. [C] 监督或核查某事执行得是否公平、公正等的一个人，尤指派往国外的监督员或核查员:
vt. 监听（电话、外国广播等）以获取信息:
n. [C] 巨蜥:
n. 1 [C] 显示器:
2 [C] 用于监测或记录…的一台设备，即监控器，监测器:
n. [C] 班长；年级级长；班级代表等:
monitor |['mɒnɪtə]
to monitor the voting 监控投票过程 
to monitor the progress 监控进展情况 
The authorities will continue to monitor the situation. 当局将继续密切关注局势。
Television advertising is strictly monitored. 电视广告受到严格监督。
The workers are constantly monitored for exposure to radiation. 这些员工接受了持续的受辐射程度监测。
to remotely monitor 远程监控 
to electronically monitor 电子监控
government monitors 政府监督员 
UN monitor 联合国监督员 
ceasefire, election monitor 停火监督员；选举监督员
digital monitor 数字显示器 
computer monitor 电脑显示器 
baby, heart, radiation monitor 婴儿监测仪；心脏监测仪；辐射监测仪
school monitor 学校的班长

adj. [常用于名词前] ~ (between A and B) 位于两个地方、事物、状态等之间的:
n. [C] 中等学生（即拥有的知识比基本程度要多，但比高级程度要少的学生）:
adj.（拥有的知识程度）中等的、中级的；适合中等程度者的:
intermediate |[ˌɪntəˈmi:diət;美-tərˈm-]
You should consider breaking the journey with intermediate stopovers at airport hotels. 你应该考虑将旅程分为几段，中途在机场旅馆稍作停留。
hourly trains to Perugia, Assisi, and intermediate stations 每小时都会发出的、开往佩鲁贾、阿西西与中间站的火车 
an intermediate stage in a process, an intermediate step in a process 中间阶段；中间步骤 
Liquid crystals are considered to be intermediate between liquid and solid. 液晶被认为介于液态和固态之间。
intermediate skier, intermediate student, intermediate learner 中等程度的滑雪者；中等程度的学生；中等程度的学习者 
an intermediate coursebook 中级课本 
intermediate course 中级课程 
pre-intermediate classes, upper-intermediate classes 初等中级班；高等中级班 
intermediate phase, intermediate stage 中级阶段 
intermediate level 中等水平 
The Badminton Club holds coaching sessions for beginners and intermediate players on Friday evenings. 羽毛球俱乐部每周五晚上为初学者与中等水平练习者开设训练课程。

In economics, the nominal value, rate, or level of something is the one expressed in terms of current prices or figures, without taking into account general changes in prices that take place over time. 票面上的
A nominal price or sum of money is very small in comparison with the real cost or value of the thing that is being bought or sold. (价格、金额) 象征性的
nominally 在名义上
You use nominal to indicate that someone or something is supposed to have a particular identity or status, but in reality does not have it. 名义上的
nominal |英 ['nɒmɪn(ə)l]  美 ['nɑmɪnl]| adj. 名义上的；有名无实的；[会计] 票面上的/n. [语] 名词性词/
Inflation would be lower and so nominal rates would be more attractive in real terms.通货膨胀将要降低，所以名义汇率实际上会更有吸引力。
I am prepared to sell my shares at a nominal price.我准备以低价卖掉我的股票。
The road is nominally under the control of UN peacekeeping troops.那条路名义上是在联合国维和部队的控制之下。
The sultan was still nominally the chief of staff.苏丹在名义上仍是军队领导人。
As he was still not allowed to run a company, his wife became its nominal head.由于他仍未获准管理公司，他的妻子就成了公司名义上的老板。


causing or able to cause death:导致或能够导致死亡
filled with hatred or intense rivalry:充满仇恨或激烈竞争
extremely accurate, effective, or skilful:极其准确、有效或熟练
complete; total:完成；全部的
extremely boring:好无聊
very good; excellent:很好；优秀
in a way resembling or suggesting death; as if dead:以类似于或暗示死亡的方式；好像死了一样
extremely:极度
deadly |ˈdɛdli| Adjective/Adverb/:致命,致命的
a deadly weapon:致命武器
we are deadly enemies:我们是死敌
his aim is deadly:他的目标是致命的
she was in deadly earnest:she非常认真
my end of the theatre is deadly at the moment:我的剧院尽头此刻是致命的
it's a great town and the pubs are deadly:这是一个很棒的小镇，酒吧是致命的
her skin was deadly pale:她的皮肤苍白得要命
a deadly serious remark:一个致命的严重评论

vt. 灭绝一群人或动物里的所有成员:
exterminate |[ɪkˈstɜ:mɪneɪt;美-ˈstɜ:rm-]
A huge effort was made to exterminate the rats. 灭鼠花了大力气。
They have a real fear that they'll be exterminated in the ongoing civil war. 他们十分害怕自己会在持续的内战中被彻底消灭。 

vt. ~ (A and/with B) 对两个事物进行对比、对照（以找出差异）:
vi. ~ (with sth)（靠近或作比较时）显出明显的差异，形成对比:
~ (to/with sb/sth) 对两个或多个人或事物进行的对比、对照:
2 [U]（摄影或绘画中的）颜色反差，明暗对比（以创造一种特殊的效果）:
3 [U]（电视屏幕的）图像明暗对比度，反差:
~ (to/with sb/sth)（将两个或多个人或事物进行对比或放在一起时所看出来的）差异:
2 [C] ~ (to sb/sth)（与其他同类相比）明显不同的人或事物:
vi. ~ (with sth)（靠近或作比较时）显出明显的差异:
contrast |[kənˈtrɑ:st;美-ˈtræst][ˈkɒntrɑ:st;美ˈkɑ:ntræst]
It is interesting to contrast the British legal system with the American one. 把英国的法制与美国的加以对比很有意思。
The poem contrasts youth and age. 这首诗对比了青春与老年。
She contrasted the situation then with the present crisis. 她将当时的情况和目前的危机进行对比。
Contrast that approach with what goes on in most organizations. 将那个方法和大多数机构现行的做法进行对比。
He contrasted her brashness unfavourably with his mother's gentleness. 他拿她的粗鲁与自己母亲的温柔相比，那她就逊色多了。
Compare and contrast the two main characters in the play. 比较并对照剧中的两个主要角色。
Her actions contrasted sharply with her promises. 她的行动与她的诺言相差甚远。
Her actions and her promises contrasted sharply. 她的行动与她的诺言相差甚远。
Johnson's easy charm contrasted sharply with the prickliness of his boss. 约翰逊的亲和力和他老板易怒的性格形成了鲜明的对比。
The open approach contrasts favourably with the exclusivity of some universities. 这种开放式的做法与一些大学的封闭排外相比，具有明显优势。
This statement contrasts starkly with his previous statements. 这一陈述与他先前的陈述形成了鲜明的对比。
Paint the wall in a contrasting colour. 把这面墙刷成对比鲜明的颜色。
His cream shirt contrasted beautifully with his tan skin. 米黄色的衬衫恰到好处地反衬出他晒黑的皮肤。
to show a sharp/stark/striking contrast with sth 与某事物形成鲜明（或明显、显著）的对比 
Careful contrast of the two plans shows some important differences. 把两个计划仔细地加以对比就可看出一些重要的差异。
The private sector, by contrast, has plenty of money to spend. 相比之下，私营部门就有很多钱可供开销。
In contrast, the lives of girls in well-to-do families were often very sheltered. 相反，生活在富裕家庭的女孩子通常都备受呵护。
There is a stark contrast between the lives of the rich and those of the poor. 穷人和富人的生活之间有着鲜明的对比。
Her hair was black, a stunning contrast to her pale complexion. 她的头发乌黑，与苍白的肤色形成极大的反差。
The two cities make an interesting contrast. 两座城市形成了有趣的对照。
The fresh fruit provides a contrast to the rich chocolate pudding. 新鲜的水果同甜腻的巧克力布丁形成对比。
He draws a sharp contrast between himself and his opponents. 他与对手之间形成了鲜明的对比。
When you look at their new system, ours seems very old-fashioned by contrast. 看看他们的新系统，相比之下我们的就显得太过时了。
The company lost $13 million this year, in contrast with a profit of $15 million last year. 同去年1,500万元的盈利相比，公司今年亏损了1,300万元。
Their attitudes towards love and marriage stand in stark contrast to those of their parents. 他们对待婚姻的态度同他们的父母形成鲜明的对比。
The artist's use of contrast is masterly. 这位艺术家娴熟地运用了明暗对比。
The flowers provide a contrast with the dark background. 这些花朵与深色的背景形成反差。
Use this button to adjust the contrast. 用此按钮调节图像明暗的对比度。
a television with brighter colours, better contrast, and digital sound 颜色更为鲜艳、图像对比度更高、具备数字音响效果的电视
There is an obvious contrast between the cultures of East and West. 东西方文化之间存在着明显的差异。
The situation when we arrived was in marked contrast to the news reports. 我们到达时的局势与新闻报道的截然不同。
His public statements have always been in marked contrast to those of his son. 他和他儿子在公开场合的言论总是截然不同。
That is in stark contrast to the situation during the 1970 oil crisis. 那和1970年石油危机时的情形完全不同。
the contrast between town and country 城乡差别 
The two visitors provided a startling contrast in appearance. 这两位访客的外表截然不同。
A wool jacket complements the silk trousers and provides an interesting contrast in texture. 毛料上衣配真丝长裤，质地上的差异非常有趣。
The writer emphasizes the contrast between conventional and alternative medicine. 作者强调了常规医疗与替代性医疗的差异。
The contrast between the sisters was striking. 姐妹之间的差别十分明显。
This busy social life was a complete contrast to his old quiet life. 这种忙碌的社交生活同他过去平静的生活截然不同。
The poverty of her childhood stands in total contrast to her life in Hollywood. 她孩提时的贫困处境与她在好莱坞的生活有着天壤之别。
The work you did today is quite a contrast to (= very much better/worse than) what you did last week. 你今天的成果与上周截然不同。
The boy's room is a complete contrast to the guest room. 这个男孩的房间和客房截然不同。
a country of great contrasts 一个截然不同的国家
Her actions contrasted sharply with her promises. 她的行动与她的诺言相差甚远。
Her actions and her promises contrasted sharply. 她的行动与她的诺言相差甚远。

If you say that something is presumably the case, you mean that you think it is very likely to be the case, although you are not certain. 很可能
presumably |英 [prɪ'zjuːməblɪ]  美 [prɪ'zuməbli]| adv. 大概；推测起来；可假定/
The spear is presumably the murder weapon.这矛很可能就是凶器。


A conservatory is an institution where musicians are trained. 音乐学院
conservatory |英 [kən'sɜːvət(ə)rɪ]  美 [kən'sɝvətɔri]| n. 温室；音乐学校/adj. 有保存力的；保存性的/
...the New England Conservatory of Music.…新英格兰音乐学院。


vt. [常用被动式] 使某事物（如态度、感情等）植根于或融入一个社会或体制，或使其成为一个人的人格的一部分，从而变成一个长久且显著的特征:
vt. ~ sth (in sth) [常用被动式] 把…牢牢地放入一种物质或一个物体中:
vt. [常用被动式] 向战地派遣通讯记者或摄影记者等:
vt. [常用被动式] 语言学中可指在一个句子中嵌入另一个句子。（在I'm aware that she knows句中，she knows为内嵌句）:
embed |[ɪmˈbed]
These attitudes are deeply embedded in our society (= felt very strongly and difficult to change). 这些看法在我们这个社会中根深蒂固。
This agreement will be embedded in a state treaty to be signed soon. 这份协议将被纳入即将签署的国家条约中。     
an operation to remove glass that was embedded in his leg 取出扎入他腿部玻璃的手术 
The bullet embedded itself in the wall. 子弹射进了墙里。
embedded reporters in the war zone 战区特派记者

adj. 可找到的:
adj.（一个人）有空去见别人的，或有空和别人谈话的，即有空的:
adj.（事物）可获得（或得到）的、可买到的、可找到的:
adj.（事物）可买到的:
available |[ə'veɪləbl]
Every available doctor was called to the scene. 所有能找到的医生都被召集到了现场。
Will she be available this afternoon? 今天下午她有空吗？
I’ll let you know as soon as she becomes available. 她一有空我就通知你。
not available for comment 没空评论（或无可奉告）
available resources, available facilities 可利用的资源；可利用的设施 
When will the information be made available? 何时才可以了解到情况？
Further information is available on request. 详情备索。
This was the only room available. 这是唯一可用的房间。
Every available doctor was called to the scene. 所有能找到的医生都被召集到了现场。
The books are available for purchase. 这些书可以买到。
The houses are built using locally available materials. 这些房子是就地取材建造的。
immediately available funds 可随时取用的资金 
Grants should be available for most students. 助学金应面向多数学生。
We’ll send you one as soon as it becomes available. 一有货我们就给您寄一个。
The product will now be made available throughout the market. 这种产品现在可以在市场上买到。
The books are available for purchase. 这些书可以买到。

adj. 极冷的，严寒的:
adj. 只作前置定语，北极的；北极地区的:
n. [sing.] the Arctic可指北极；北极地区:
Arctic |['ɑːktɪk]
arctic conditions 严寒的环境 
The bathroom is positively arctic. 这间浴室太冷了。
Arctic explorers 北极探险者 
winter in the Arctic 北极的冬天

An onlooker is someone who watches an event take place but does not take part in it. 旁观者
onlooker |英 ['ɒnlʊkə]  美 ['ɑnlʊkɚ]| n. 旁观者；观众（等于spectator）/
A handful of onlookers stand in the field watching.少数旁观者站在场地里观看。

