sensible						明智的，实用的，意识到的
sign									符号，迹象，征兆，签订
explicit				详述的，明确的
wreck				失事，沉船，毁坏
ravage			毁坏，劫掠
ravages			毁坏
wreathe			笼罩，使缠绕，编成，缭绕
impede			阻碍
thesis			论文
precedent					先例
lofty						高耸的，崇高的，高傲的
fridge						冰箱
immune				免疫的，受保护的，豁免的
scratch								划破，挠，取消
circulate							循环，传播，散发
nitrogen			氮
alone				独自的，单独的，仅仅
sieve				筛子，筛
spiral				螺旋形的，不断上升或下降
mercenary			唯利是图的，外国雇佣兵
mechanism						机械装置，机制，途径
integrate			使成为一体，使融入
earnest			认真的，热切的，认真，保证
in earnest			认真的
adolescence				青春期
grave							坟墓，严重的
intrigue			引起...的好奇心，密谋
claim							要求...的所有权，声称，要求，获得，索赔
opt					选择
stipulate			规定
eradicate					根除，杜绝
\\\\\\\\

adj.（衣服、鞋等）朴素而实用的:
adj.（行为或决定）基于理性和经验（而非感情）做出的，即明智的、合理的:
adj. 1（行为或决定）基于理性和经验（而非感情）做出的，即明智的:
2（人）能够基于理性和经验（而非感情）做出合理判断的，即理智的、明智的:
adj. [正式或文学] 意识到、认识到:
sensible |[ˈsensəbl]
sensible shoes 朴实而舒适的鞋 
Wear loose clothing and sensible footwear. 穿上宽松的衣服和舒服的鞋子。
It might be sensible to get a solicitor. 也许应该请一个诉状律师。
The sensible thing is to leave them alone. 别去管他们才是明智的。
I think the sensible thing would be to take a taxi home. 我想还是坐出租车回去的好。
In the state I was in, this seemed a perfectly sensible remark. 根据我当时的情况，这么说似乎完全合乎情理。
Are you going out to search for it at this time of night? It seems hardly sensible. 你打算夜里这个时候出去找吗？这好像不那么明智。
I think that's a very sensible idea. 我看这个主意很妥当。
This approach seems very sensible to me. 在我看来，这个方法似乎很明智。
That advice sounds sensible enough. 那个建议听起来相当合理。
Say something sensible. 说点正经的。
It might be sensible to get a solicitor. 也许应该请一个诉状律师。
The sensible thing is to leave them alone. 别去管他们才是明智的。
I think the sensible thing would be to take a taxi home. 我想还是坐出租车回去的好。
Are you going out to search for it at this time of night? It seems hardly sensible. 你打算夜里这个时候出去找吗？这好像不那么明智。
I think that's a very sensible idea. 我看这个主意很妥当。
This approach seems very sensible to me. 在我看来，这个方法似乎很明智。
Say something sensible. 说点正经的。
She was a sensible girl and did not panic. 她是一个理智的女孩，没有惊慌失措。
Oh come on, let's be sensible about this. 噢，得了吧，我们还是理智地对待此事吧。
She's a sensible sort of person. 她属于那种通情达理的人。
He's usually very sensible. 他做事通常很理智。
I am sensible of the fact that mathematics is not a popular subject. 我知道数学课不受欢迎。

n. [C]（纸、木头或金属等材质的，上面有文字或图片的，用以提供信息、指示、警告等内容的）标牌、指示牌、标志:
n. [C, U] ~ (of sth) | ~ (that…)（某事存在、发生或可能将发生的）征兆、预兆、迹象:
n. [C] 符号、记号，尤指数学符号:
n. [C] [非正式] 星座，相当于star sign:
vi. ~ (to sb) (to do sth) 向某人示意（尤指打手势）:
vi.（聋人）打手语，（向聋人）打手语:
n. [C] 用以向某人传递信息的动作或声音，如示意、手势:
vt.＆vi. 在文件、书信等材料上签名、签字、署名（以表明以上内容由本人书写，或者表明本人同意上述内容，或者表明上述内容是真实的）:
vt.＆vi. 使某人（如运动员或歌手）与你的公司签约（从而使其为公司效力），也可指签约（从而可以为一家公司效力）:
sign |[saɪn]
road, street, traffic, direction（尤英）, shop, pub sign 道路标志；街道标牌；交通标志；方向标；商店招牌；酒吧招牌 
warning sign 警告标志 
neon sign 霓虹灯标牌 
flashing sign 闪烁的标牌 
Some of the marchers were holding up signs. 一些游行人员举着标牌。
Someone had put up a ‘For Sale’ sign. 有人已经竖起了“待售”的牌子。
The sign read ‘No Fishing’. 标牌上写着“禁止垂钓”。 
The sign on the wall said ‘Now wash your hands’. 墙上的牌子上写着“请洗手”。
The sign pointed down a small lane. 标牌指向一条小道。
Follow the signs for the city centre. 按照标牌的指示到市中心。
Headaches may be a sign of stress. 头痛可能是紧张的迹象。
early signs of pregnancy 怀孕的早期征兆 
The gloomy weather shows no sign of improving. 阴沉的天气没有丝毫转晴的迹象。
Her work is showing some signs of improvement. 她的工作出现了一些改进的迹象。
There was no sign of life in the house. 那座房子没有一点住人的迹象。
a warning sign 预警征兆 
He was silent. It was a good sign. 他没有说话，这是个好兆头。
to point out the danger signs 指出危险征兆 
The first signs of spring appeared. 飘来了第一缕春天的气息。
All the signs pointed to it being more than just a coincidence. 所有的迹象表明这不仅仅是一个巧合。
He disappeared at the first sign of trouble. 一有麻烦的苗头他就溜之大吉。
There is no sign of John anywhere. 哪儿都没有约翰的影子。
plus, minus sign 加号；减号 
the sign for ‘square root’平方根符号 
dollar, pound sign 美元的符号；英镑的符号 
The wizard drew some strange signs in the air with his wand. 巫师用手在空中画了个奇怪的符号。
I used the Chinese sign for ‘father’ instead of ‘uncle’. 我用了汉字“父亲”而不是“叔叔”。
What does this sign mean? 这个符号什么意思？
What sign are you? 你是什么星座的？
people born under the sign of Gemini 双子座的人 
the signs of the Zodiac 黄道十二宫
The hotel manager signed to the porter to pick up my case. 旅馆经理示意行李工替我拿箱子。
She learnt to sign to help her deaf child. 为帮助她耳聋的孩子，她学会了手语。
An increasing number of plays are now being signed. 现在越来越多的戏剧配上了手语。
A V sign V字型手势 
He gave a thumbs-up sign. 他竖起了大拇指表示赞同。
She nodded as a sign for us to sit down. 她点头示意我们坐下。
Sign here, please. 请在这里签字。
Sign your name here, please. 请在这里签名。
You haven't signed the letter. 这封信您还没有署名。
to sign a cheque 在支票上签字 
The player was signing autographs for a group of fans. 这名队员正在为一群球迷签名。
a book personally signed by the author 由作者亲笔签名的一本书 
He signed himself ‘Jimmy’. 他署名“吉米”。
to sign a contract 签合同 
to sign a treaty 签订条约 
The postman asked me to sign for the parcel. 邮递员让我签收包裹。
United have just signed a new goalie. 联队最近和一名新守门员签了约。
He signed for United yesterday. 昨天他和联队签了约。
The band signed with Virgin Records. 乐队同维珍唱片公司签了约。

adj. 1（人）说话清晰、准确且开放的，相当于frank:
2 以一种开放或直接的方式被表达出来的（以致于使人对正在发生的此行为没有怀疑），即不隐晦的；直截了当的:
adj.（一则陈述或一篇文章）清楚易懂的，清晰且易于理解的。强调信息本身表达得清楚的，类似于clear:
adj. 以一种开放或直接的方式被做或被展现的（以致于使人对正在发生的此行为没有怀疑），即不隐晦的；直截了当的:
explicit |[ɪk'splɪsɪt][ɪk'splɪsɪt]
She was quite explicit about why she had left. 她对自己离开的原因直言不讳。
The reasons for the decision should be made explicit. 应该直截了当给出决定的理由。
She made some very explicit references to my personal life. 她毫不隐讳地谈到了我的私生活。
a highly explicit description of torture 对酷刑的赤裸裸的描述 
He gave me very explicit directions on how to get there. 他清楚地向我说明了去那儿的路线。
She told him he needed to improve, without being explicit as to how. 她说他需要改进，却没有明确指出如何去做。
The information should be made explicit. 信息应该表达清楚。
a sexually explicit film 一部有露骨性爱场面的影片

vt. 破坏、毁灭…:
vt. ~ sth (for sb) 彻底毁掉…:
vt. [常用被动式] 使船舶失事:
n. 1 [C] 已经沉没并严重毁坏的船只:
2 [C] 事故中遭到严重毁坏的汽车、飞机等:
3 [C] [非正式] 状况非常糟糕的车辆、建筑物等:
n. [usually sing.] [非正式] 身体或精神上受到严重损伤的人:
n. [C] [美] 交通工具的失事，相当于crash:
wreck |[rek]
The building had been wrecked by the explosion. 那座楼房被炸毁了。
The road was littered with wrecked cars. 公路上到处都弃置着被撞坏的汽车。
The weather wrecked all our plans. 天气把我们的计划全都毁了。
a crisis that threatens to wreck the peace talks 威胁到和平会谈的一次危机 
A coalition could have defeated the government and wrecked the treaty. 联盟本来可以击败政府并毁掉该条约的。
A serious injury nearly wrecked his career. 一次重伤差点儿葬送了他的前程。
He wrecked the garden. 他毁掉了花园。
The ship was wrecked off the coast of France. 那艘船在法国的沿岸失事。
The ship was wrecked by an explosion. 这艘船被炸毁了。
a wrecked cargo ship 失事的货船  
the wreck of a sailing ship 帆船的残骸 
Divers were sent down to try and locate the wreck. 派潜水员下水去探查失事船只残骸的位置。
to raise/salvage the wreck from the sea bed 从海底打捞失事船只 
the wreck of the Titanic 泰坦尼克号的残骸 
Two passengers are still trapped in the wreck. 有两名乘客仍被困在失事的车辆里。
Explosions ripped through the blazing wreck. 着火的残骸接连发生爆炸。
The car was a total wreck. 这辆车完全报废了。
The house was a wreck when we bought it. 我们买下这座房子时，它破烂不堪。
They still hoped to salvage something from the wreck of their marriage.（比喻用法）他们仍然希望从他们破碎的婚姻中挽回点什么。
Physically, I was a total wreck. 从身体上说，我完全是一个废人。
You look a wreck. 你看起来身体很糟糕。
I hadn't slept for two days, and I felt a complete physical wreck. 我已经两天没睡觉了，感觉身体都垮了。
It was embarrassing and sad to see this man reduced to a mumbling wreck. 看见这个人变得口齿不清、弱不禁风，真是让人既难堪又悲哀。
emotional wreck 情绪极度受伤的人 
The interview reduced him to a nervous wreck. 面试使他精神趋于崩溃。
I always turn into a gibbering wreck at interviews. 每当面试时，我总是语无伦次。
a train wreck 火车失事 
He was killed in a car wreck. 他在一场车祸中丧生。
the little girl that survived that plane wreck 在空难中幸存的小女孩

vt. [常用被动式] 严重破坏（一个城镇、国家、经济等）:
ravage |[ˈrævɪdʒ]
a country ravaged by civil war 遭受内战重创的国家 
a country ravaged by foreign intervention 遭受外国侵略者蹂躏的国家 
the ravaged streets of Sarajevo 萨拉热窝那些被毁坏的街道

The ravages of time, war, or the weather are the damaging effects that they have. (时间、战争或天气造成的) 破坏
ravages || n. 毁坏后的残迹；劫掠后的残迹；破坏的结果（ravage的复数）/v. 破坏（ravage的第三人称单数形式）；毁坏/
...the ravages of two world wars.…两次世界大战造成的破坏。


vi. [正式] 缓慢且轻轻地移动，尤指绕成圈:
vt. [正式] [常用被动式] ~ sth (in/with sth) 环绕或覆盖某事物，常指烟、雾笼罩:
vi. [正式] 缓慢且轻轻地移动，尤指绕成圈:
vt. [正式] 花草环绕；用花环等环绕:
wreathe |[ri:ð]
smoke wreathing into the sky 袅袅升空的烟
The mountain tops were wreathed in mist. 山顶笼罩在薄雾之中。
The ship was wreathed in smoke. 船笼罩在烟雾中。
Fog wreathes the temples. 雾气笼罩着寺院。
Her face was wreathed in smiles (= she was smiling a lot).（比喻用法）她脸上乐开了花。
smoke wreathing into the sky 袅袅升空的烟 
Its huge columns were wreathed with laurel. 其巨大的立柱为月桂所环绕。

vt. [常用被动式] [正式] 拖延或阻止某事物的进程，使某人或某事物的移动、发展或进程变得困难:
impede |[ɪmˈpi:d]
Work on the building was impeded by severe weather. 楼房的施工因天气恶劣而停了下来。
The bad weather seriously impeded our progress. 恶劣的天气严重地阻碍了我们的进度。
Fallen rock is impeding the progress of rescue workers. 坠落的石头阻滞了救援人员的救援进程。

n. [C] 阐述得逻辑清晰、有理有据的一个观点，如论点:
He advanced the thesis that too much choice was burdensome to people. 他提出这样一种论点:
n. [C] 阐述得逻辑清晰、有理有据的一个理论，如命题:
n. [C] ~ (on sth) 大学的学位论文:
thesis |[ˈθi:sɪs]
The results of the experiment support his central thesis. 实验结果支持他的中心论点。
proponents of the thesis that computers can be programmed to do anything which a human mind does 对电脑经过程序设计可完成人脑一切活动这一观点表示支持的人 
These latest findings support the thesis that sexuality is determined by nature rather than choice. 这些最新发现证实了性取向取决于自然而不是选择这一论点。
a thesis about the effects of new technology on skills 关于新技术对技能之影响的一个论题 
This thesis does not stand up to close inspection. 这个命题经不起仔细推敲。       
He was awarded his PhD for a thesis on industrial robots. 他凭一篇研究工业机器人的论文获得博士学位。
doctoral, honors（美）, MA, Master's, MSc, PhD, senior（美） thesis 博士论文；荣誉论文；文学硕士论文；硕士论文；理科硕士论文；哲学博士论文；毕业论文 
research thesis 科研论文 
unpublished thesis 未发表的论文 
He presented this thesis for his PhD. 他提交了他的博士论文。
thesis project（美）, thesis research, thesis topic 学位论文项目；学位论文研究；学位论文论题 
her thesis work on skin cancers 她关于皮肤癌的论文 
thesis defense（美） 论文答辩 
Many departments require their students to do a thesis defense. 很多系要求学生进行论文答辩。
thesis committee（美） 论文委员会 
thesis adviser（美） 论文导师 
research presented in a thesis 论文中提出的研究 
He wrote a doctoral thesis on set theory. 他写了一片关于集合论的博士论文。          

n. 1 [C, U] 可供后来者援用参考的具体例子:
2 [C, U] 先前发生过的事件:
n. [U] 做某事所遵循的传统、常规:
precedent |[ˈpresɪdənt]
court, judicial, legal precedent 法院的先例；判例；司法惯例 
The ruling set a precedent for future libel cases. 这项裁决为今后的诽谤案提供了判例。
The trial could set an important precedent for dealing with large numbers of similar cases. 这次审判能为处理大量类似案例开创重要的先例。
There is no obvious precedent for this law. 该法律没有明显的先例。
Many precedents can be found for this decision. 这一裁定可以找到许多判例。
The ruling does not set a binding precedent. 该判决不能成为具有约束力的先例。
This would have set a dangerous new precedent. 这将可能创下一项新的危险的先例。
This lowering of standards sets a dangerous precedent for future developments. 这次标准的降低为将来的发展开了危险的先例。
There is a strong precedent for such a strategy. 有先例有力地说明这一战略可行。
There is ample precedent for this tactic. 这种战术有过大量先例。
historical precedents 历史前例 
There is no precedent for a disaster of this scale. 这种规模的灾难是空前的。
Such protests are without precedent in recent history. 这类抗议事件在近代史上没有发生过。
There are plenty of precedents in Hollywood for letting people out of contracts. 在好莱坞，允许影视人员解除合同的先例有很多。
to break with precedent (= to do sth in a different way) 打破常规

If you say that someone behaves in a lofty way, you are critical of them for behaving in a proud and somewhat overbearing way, as if they think they are very important. 高傲的
A lofty building or room is very high. 高耸的
A lofty ideal or ambition is noble, important, and admirable. 崇高的
lofty |英 ['lɒftɪ]  美 ['lɔfti]| adj. 高的；崇高的；高级的；高傲的/n. (Lofty)人名；(英)洛夫蒂/
...the lofty disdain he often expresses for his profession.…他经常表露出的对其职业的轻慢。
...a light, lofty apartment in the suburbs of Salzburg.…位于萨尔茨堡郊外的一幢光线充足、高高耸立的公寓。
It was a bank that started out with grand ideas and lofty ideals.那是一家创办时带着宏大理念、崇高理想的银行。


n. [C] [英] 电冰箱:
fridge |[frɪdӡ]
fridge door 冰箱门 
The kids raid the fridge when they get home. 孩子们一回家就把冰箱扫荡一番。

adj. [名词前不常用] ~ (from sth) 受保护；免除；豁免:
adj. 1 [名词前不常用] ~ (to sth) 不受某事影响的:
2 [名词前不常用] ~ (from sth) 受保护；免除；豁免:
adj. 1 [名词前不常用] ~ (to sth) 对疾病有免疫力的:
2（人体的反应等）免疫的，免疫系统的:
immune |[ɪˈmju:n]
Members of the Bundestag are immune from prosecution for corruption. 德国联邦议院的成员可免受贪腐罪的起诉。
He seems to believe that the president is somehow immune from criticism. 他似乎相信总统出于某种原因可以免受批评。
She's quite immune to criticism. 批评对她起不了什么作用。
Whilst Marc did gradually harden himself to the poverty, he did not become immune to the sight of death. 尽管马克逐渐对贫困现象无动于衷，但他对于死亡的惨象还是不免动容。
Football is not immune to economic recession. 足球不可能不受到经济衰退的影响。
Children are far from immune to the cruelty that is latent in all humans. 每个人本性中都潜藏着残忍的一面，儿童也不例外。
Members of the Bundestag are immune from prosecution for corruption. 德国联邦议院的成员可免受贪腐罪的起诉。
No one is immune from scandal. 谁都难免会有丑闻。
He seems to believe that the president is somehow immune from criticism. 他似乎相信总统出于某种原因可以免受批评。
Adults are often immune to German measles. 成人往往对风疹有免疫力。
This blood test will show whether or not you're immune to the disease. 这个血检会显示你是否对这种疾病具有免疫力。
Most adults are immune to Rubella. 大多数成人对风疹具有免疫力。
The vaccination doesn't necessarily make you completely immune. 接种这种疫苗并不一定能完全免疫。
It is hoped the procedure will trigger an immune response that will wipe out HIV-infected cells while leaving non-infected cells unharmed. 希望这一治疗会激发免疫反应，清除感染了艾滋病病毒的细胞，同时又不损伤未感染细胞。

vt.（用坚硬或尖锐物体来）造成或去除痕迹:
vt.（尤指意外地）划伤、擦破或划破…表面:
n. [C]（在物体表面所形成的）划痕或划伤:
vi.（用尖锐物体来摩擦、抓或划另一物体来）发出刺耳的声音:
n. [sing.] 擦（或刮）某物的表面所发出的令人难受（即刺耳）的声音:
vt.＆vi. scratch (at sth) 挠痒，搔痒:
n. [sing.] 用指甲在身体的痒痒部位进行的挠，即挠痒痒，搔痒:
vt.＆vi. scratch (sb/sth) (from sth) 在…开始之前就决定该事不能发生，或…不能参加或加入…，即取消，撤销，退出。算是一种形象化用法，还算常用:
vt. scratch a living 勉强维持生计:
vt.＆vi. scratch (sb/sth/yourself) (on sth)（用尖利的物体）划伤皮肤:
n. [C]（在皮肤表面所形成的）划痕或划伤:
scratch |[skrætʃ]
to scratch a line on the ground 在地面上划出一条线 
to scratch some of the dirt away 刮掉一些脏东西 
to scratch his name off the list（比喻用法）把他的名字从名单中勾掉
to scratch the surface of the wall 划伤墙面 
The table had been badly scratched. 桌子被刮得伤痕累累。
a cat scratch 猫的抓痕 
Powdered cleansers will leave scratches on the glass. 清洁粉会在玻璃上留下擦痕。
a scratch mark 擦痕
Her pen scratched away on the paper. 她的笔在纸上沙沙作响。
I could hear the dog scratching at the door. 我听见狗在挠门。
I scratched at the mosquito bites on my arm. 我挠了挠胳膊上蚊子叮的包。
He absently scratched his head. 他心不在焉地挠了挠头。
He scratched at his beard for a few seconds. 他抓了几下胡子。
The dog scratched itself behind the ear. 狗用爪子挠了挠耳后。
Give me a scratch. 给我挠一挠。
to scratch a rocket launch 取消火箭发射计划 
He had scratched from the race because of his injury. 他因伤退出了比赛。
The cat doesn’t scratch. 这只猫不抓人。
He scratched himself on a nail. 他在钉子上划了一下。
I scratched my arm on a rose bush. 我被玫瑰花丛划伤了胳膊。
She scratched his face with her nails. 她用指甲抓伤了他的脸。
scratches on his face 他脸上的划痕 
to escape without a scratch 毫发无损地逃走

vt.＆vi.（液体、气体、空气）绕着一个地方或一个系统持续运动，即循环、环流:
vt.＆vi.（故事、思想、信息等）流传或散布:
vt. circulate sth (to sb) 将物品或信息传送给一个群体内的所有人，如传送、传递、传阅:
vi.（尤指在聚会上）绕着一群人走动并与不同的人交谈，即往来应酬、周旋:
circulate |['sə:kjəleɪt]
The heart circulates blood around the body. 心脏使血液在体内循环。
Cooled air is circulated throughout the building. 冷气在整座大楼循环。
Rumours began to circulate about his financial problems. 有关他财务问题的谣言开始流传开来。
There’s a story circulating around the office that you are about to leave. 办公室里有传言说你要离职。
The document will be circulated to all members. 这份文件将在所有成员中传阅。
newspapers circulating among students 在学生中传阅（或发行）的报纸 
The book was circulated widely in Russia. 这本书在俄罗斯广为流传。

n. [U]（符号为N）氮元素；氮气:
nitrogen |[ˈnaɪtrədʒən]
nitrogen atom 氮原子

adj.（不用于名词前）＆adv. 1 独自（即没有其他任何人）:
2 没有其他人（或事物）的帮助:
adj.（不用于名词前）＆adv. 孤独且不开心，或没有任何朋友。常是一种客观状态:
adv. 1 用于名词或代词后，以表示所提到的一个人或事物是唯一的一个:
2 用于名词或代词后，以强调某件事，即仅仅，只:
adj.（不用于名词前）用于名词或代词后，以表示所提到的一个人或事物是唯一的一个:
alone |[ə'ləʊn]
I don’t like going out alone at night. 我不喜欢夜晚单独外出。
He lives alone. 他独居独处。
Finally the two of us were alone together. 最后只有我们两人在一起。
She was sitting all alone in the hall. 她一个人坐在大厅里。
Tom is not alone in finding Rick hard to work with. 并不只是汤姆一人认为和里克难以共事。
It’s hard bringing up children alone. 一个人独力抚养孩子是艰难的。
The assassin said he had acted alone. 暗杀者声称他是单独作案。
Carol felt all alone in the world. 卡罗尔感到自己在世界上无依无靠。
I’ve been so alone since you went away. 你走了以后我一直很寂寞。
You can’t blame anyone else; you alone made the decision. 你不能责怪任何人，是你一人做的决定。
The shoes alone cost £200. 仅鞋子一项就花了200英镑。
Tom is not alone in finding Rick hard to work with. 并不只是汤姆一人认为和里克难以共事。

vt. 筛；过筛；滤:
n. [C] 滤器；筛子；漏勺:
sieve |[sɪv]
Cream the margarine in a small bowl, then sieve the icing sugar into it. 将人造黄油在小碗里搅成糊状，再将糖粉筛进去。
fine, large sieve 细筛子；粗筛子 
Wash the rice in a sieve under cold running water. 把米放在筛子里，用流动的冷水冲洗。
Strain the cream through a fine sieve into the egg mixture. 把奶油用细筛子滤到鸡蛋糊里。
Press the raspberries through a fine sieve to form a puree. 用一个细筛子将山莓压碎过滤，以制成山莓泥。

vi. 螺旋式上升，盘旋式上升:
vi. 急剧增长:
n. [C]（有害的事情）（通常越来越快的）逐渐上升:
vi. 螺旋式下降，盘旋式上下降:
vi. 急剧下跌:
n. [C]（有害的事情）（通常越来越快的）逐渐下降:
vi.（使）盘旋着移动:
vi.（使）盘旋着生长:
n. [C] 螺旋的形状或样式:
adj. 螺旋形的:
vi. 螺旋式上升或下降，盘旋式上升或下降:
vi.（使）盘旋着生长或移动:
n. [C] 螺旋的形状或样式:
adj. 螺旋式的:
spiral |[ˈspaɪrəl]
the spiralling cost of health care 急剧上涨的医疗费用 
Prices are spiralling out of control. 物价飞涨，失去控制。
Production costs began to spiral. 生产成本开始急遽上升。
a spiralling trend of violence 暴力急遽上升的态势
wage-price spiral 工资和物价的交替上涨 
the upward spiral of sales 日渐上升的销售额 
There is a risk that the policy may trigger an inflationary spiral. 这一政策有可能引发通货膨胀螺旋式上升的风险。
The plane spiralled down to the ground. 飞机盘旋降落。
House prices will continue to spiral downwards. 房价将继续暴跌。
the destructive spiral of violence in the inner cities 市中心贫民区日益严重的暴力行为 
vicious spiral 恶性循环 
spiral death（美，比喻用法）死亡漩涡 
The company has entered a death spiral. 这个公司已经进入了死循环。
deflationary spiral 通货紧缩恶性循环 
The economy continued its downward spiral. 经济继续其螺旋式下降的走势。
to halt the vicious downward spiral of drug abuse 制止药物滥用的恶性发展趋势
a bullet spiralling out of a gun barrel 从枪管里飞旋而出的子弹
Vines spiraled upward toward the roof. 藤蔓盘旋着朝屋顶方向生长。
The birds circled in a slow spiral above the house. 鸟儿在房子上空缓缓盘旋。
A snail’s shell is spiral in form. 蜗牛壳呈螺旋形。
The plane spiralled down to the ground. 飞机盘旋降落。
Vines spiraled upward toward the roof. 藤蔓盘旋着朝屋顶方向生长。
a bullet spiralling out of a gun barrel 从枪管里飞旋而出的子弹
The birds circled in a slow spiral above the house. 鸟儿在房子上空缓缓盘旋。

adj. [贬] 只对赚钱感兴趣的，如唯利是图的、见钱眼开的:
n. [C] 雇佣兵:
mercenary |[ˈmɜ:sənəri;美ˈmɜ:rsəneri]
mercenary society, mercenary attitude 唯利是图的社会；唯利是图的态度 
She's interested in him for purely mercenary reasons. 她对他感兴趣完全是为了贪图金钱。
foreign mercenaries 外国雇佣兵 
hired mercenaries 雇佣兵 
mercenary soldiers, mercenary army, mercenary group 雇佣兵；雇佣军；雇佣兵团 
a small army of mercenaries 一小队雇佣兵 
Six years ago, he became a mercenary for a private military corporation. 六年前，他成为一家私人军事公司的雇佣兵。

n. [C] 一套机械装置、机件:
n. 1 [C]（达成某事所用的）方法、机制:
2 [C]（生物体执行某项功能所采用的）机制:
mechanism |[ˈmekənɪzəm]
firing, locking, steering, trigger, winding mechanism 击发机构；锁闭机构；转向机构；触发机构；卷绕装置 
This activates the train's tilt mechanism. 这就能启动火车的倾斜装置。
The gun froze, jamming the mechanism. 枪受到冰冻，卡住了击发装置。
The door locking mechanism doesn't work. 门锁坏了。
a delicate watch mechanism 精致的手表机件 
A bomb has been detonated by a special mechanism. 炸弹由一个专门装置引爆。
mechanisms for dealing with complaints from the general public 处理大众不满意见的机构 
There's no mechanism for punishing arms exporters who break the rules. 对违规的武器出口商实施惩罚尚无执行机制。
the clumsy and ineffective mechanism of price controls 方法笨拙、效率低下的价格控制机制 
an effective mechanism for enforcing the rules 执行规章的有效机制 
He suggested an alternative mechanism for providing public services. 他提出了另一套提供公共服务的机制。
social mechanism 社会机制 
coping, feedback mechanism 应对机制；反馈机制 
The system provides a mechanism whereby information is fed back into the market. 这套系统提供了一种将信息反馈回市场的机制。
The government is held accountable through the mechanism of regular general elections. 通过定期大选的机制使政府负起责任。
avoidance, defence/defense, escape, protective, repair, survival mechanism 回避机制；防御机制；逃避机制；保护机制；修复机制；求生机制 
The body has defence mechanisms against many diseases.人体具有抵抗多种疾病的防御机制。
Pain acts as a natural defence mechanism. 疼痛算是一种自然防护机制的作用。
cellular, genetic, immunological, molecular, neural, physiological, psychological mechanism 细胞机制；遗传机制；免疫机制；分子机制；神经机制；生理机制；心理机制 
Scientists have been unable to explain the exact mechanism behind this effect. 科学家一直不能解释这种效应背后的确切机制。
This activates the body's thirst mechanism. 这会触发身体的口渴机制。
physiological mechanisms regulating the release of hormones 调节荷尔蒙释放的生理机制 
the balance mechanism in the ears 耳内的平衡机制 
a survival mechanism, a means of coping with intolerable stress 一种生存机制，一种应对无法承受的压力的方法

~ A and B（使）（两个或两个以上的事物）融合（从而使其能协同工作）:
vt.&vi. ~ (sb) (into/with sth)（使）（某人）融入某个社会群体（尤指融入拥有不同文化的社会群体）:
vt.&vi.（使）（种族）融合；（使）取消种族隔离:
integrate |[ˈɪntɪgreɪt]
vt.&vi. ~ (A) (into/with B) 
These programs will integrate with your existing software. 这些程序将和你的已有软件综合成一体。
These programs can be integrated with your existing software. 这些程序能和你的已有的软件整合成一体。
This computer program can be integrated with existing programs. 这一计算机程序可以与现有的程序整合在一起。
Integrating the pound with other European currencies could cause difficulties. 把英镑与欧洲其他货币合并会引发许多难题。
Ann wanted the conservatory to integrate with the kitchen. 安想把温室与厨房打通。
They called for the defence system to be more closely integrated. 他们呼吁对防御体系进行更加紧密的整合。
The department has successfully integrated new ideas into the traditional course structure. 该系已成功地把新理念整合进传统课程体系之中。
The results should be integrated into the final report. 各科成绩应该写入期末成绩单中。
a highly integrated approach to planning 高度协调的制订计划的方法 
They have not made any effort to integrate with the local community. 他们完全没有尝试融入本地社区。
He didn't integrate successfully into the Italian way of life. 他没有顺利地融入到意大利的生活方式中。
Integrating the kids with the community, finding them a role, is essential. 使孩子融入社区并为他们找到某个角色非常必要。
The policy is to integrate children with special needs into ordinary schools. 这项政策旨在使有特殊需要的儿童融入普通学校。
Immigrants here are well integrated on the whole. 总的来说，这里的移民融入良好。
They soon became fully integrated into the local community. 他们很快就完全融入了当地人的圈子。
They didn't integrate with the other children. 他们和其他孩子玩儿不到一块儿去。
Schools came to us because they wanted to integrate. 学校来向我们寻求帮助是因为他们想让不同种族的学生得到平等待遇。
Encouraging teacher transfer would not, by itself, integrate the teaching corps. 鼓励教师调动本身不会消弭教学队伍中的种族隔离。

adj. 非常认真且真诚的:
adj. 非常认真且真诚的:
earnest |[ˈɜ:nɪst;美ˈɜ:rn-]
earnest conversation 真诚的交谈 
Despite her earnest efforts, she could not find a job. 尽管她已尽心竭力，但是仍然找不到工作。
His expression is as earnest when he smiles as when he is arguing. 他不论笑的时候还是争论的时候表情都同样真诚。
an earnest young man 非常认真的年轻人 
No one could tell whether he was in earnest or in jest. 谁都不知道他是认真的还是在开玩笑。          

n. [U]（人的一生中）从孩童发育成成年人的一段时期，即青春期，相当于puberty:
adolescence |[͵ædə'lesns]
late adolescence 青春期后期

adj.（人）严肃的、庄严的（好像悲伤、重要或令人担忧的事刚刚发生似的）:
n. [sing.]（常用the grave）[常为文学用法] 死亡、人的去世:
n. [C] 坟墓、墓穴、坟头:
adj. [正式]（形势、感情等）非常严重且重大的、让人担忧的，严峻的、深切的:
grave |[greɪv]
He looked very grave as he entered the room. 他进屋时表情非常严肃。
William was up on the roof for some time and when he came down he looked grave. 威廉在屋顶上呆了一段时间，他下来的时候面色凝重。
Anxiously, she examined his unusually grave face. 她忐忑不安地审视着他异常严肃的脸色。           
Is there life beyond the grave (= life after death)? 人死后有来生吗？
The old lady still influences the family from beyond the grave. 这个老太太死后仍影响着全家。
He followed her to the grave (= died soon after her). 他紧跟着她离开了人世。
She smoked herself into an early grave (= died young as a result of smoking). 她因抽烟而早逝。
drinking yourself to an early grave 纵酒而自折其寿 
Most men would rather go to the grave than own up to feelings of dependency. 大多数男人宁死都不愿承认有依赖感。
Whenever he goes home he visits his mother's grave. 他每次回家都给母亲上坟。
We visited Grandma's grave. 我们给祖母扫了墓。
They used to visit her grave twice a year. 他们以前每年去她的墓前凭吊两次。
There were flowers on the grave. 坟上有些花。
She puts fresh flowers on her husband's grave every Sunday. 她每周日都要在丈夫的坟头上放一些鲜花。
The mourners threw flowers into the open grave. 哀悼者把鲜花投进未掩盖的墓穴。
Darwin must be turning in his grave at the thought of what is being perpetrated in his name. 一想到冒他之名所做下的那些事，达尔文在九泉之下一定不得安宁。
The body was found in a shallow grave in a nearby wood. 这具尸体是在一个浅墓穴中发现的。
His body is buried in an unmarked grave. 他的尸体埋在一个没有标记的坟墓中。
common, communal（尤英）, mass grave 公共墓地；集体墓地；万人冢 
The grave was marked by a simple headstone. 坟墓上只竖着一块简陋的墓碑。
Some of the graves have been desecrated by vandals. 一些坟墓被人肆意破坏了。
I'll be in my grave by the time that happens! 到那时候我已经命丧黄泉了！
He rescued her from a watery grave (= saved her from drowning). 他把她从水中救起。
The magazine isn't trying to ruin his career, the man's digging his own grave by refusing an interview.（比喻用法）这份杂志并非想断送他的事业，而他拒绝接受采访就是在自毁前程。
The police have expressed grave concern about the missing child's safety. 警方对失踪孩子的安全深表关注。
The consequences will be very grave if nothing is done. 如果不采取任何措施后果将会是非常严重的。
We were in grave danger. 我们处于极大的危险之中。
He said that the situation in his country is very grave. 他说他的国家情况十分危急。
I have grave doubts that the documents tell the whole story. 我对这些文件能否说明所有的问题深表怀疑。

vt. [常用被动式] 激起某人的强烈兴趣（使其想一探究竟）、引起某人的强烈好奇心:
n. [U] 神秘气氛:
n. [C] 阴谋诡计；秘密关系:
n. [U]（为了达成一个目标而进行的）密谋策划（通常通过戏弄他人来实现）:
vi. ~ (with sb) (against sb) [非正式] 秘密策划（加害他人），即密谋:
n. [U] 引人入胜的复杂情节:
intrigue |[ɪnˈtri:g]
You've really intrigued me─tell me more! 你说的真有意思——再给我讲一些吧！
The novelty of the situation intrigued him. 周围环境的独具一格令他着迷。
I soon learnt about all the intrigues and scandals that went on in the little town. 我很快便知道了小镇上流传的种种阴谋与丑闻。
political intrigue 政治阴谋 
a powerful story of intrigue, passion and betrayal 一个关于阴谋、激情与背叛的动人心魄的故事 
The young heroine steps into a web of intrigue in the academic world. 年轻的女主人公陷入了学术界钩心斗角的罗网。

vt. 要求拥有、索取、认领某事物（因为索要者认为自己在法律上有权拥有此事物）:
vt.&vi. 向政府或公司索要金钱（因为索要者有权这样做）:
n. 1 [C, U] ~ (on/to sth) 对某事物（尤指对财产、土地等）要求拥有的所有权:
2 [C] ~ (for sth) 向…（尤指向公司、政府等）提出的钱款索求:
vt. 赢得、获得、达成（纪录、冠军、奖励等）:
vt. 引起某人的注意:
vt.（战争、疾病、灾难、事故等）导致某人的死亡:
vt. 宣称、声称、断言（某事是真的，但尚未经过证明，别人可能不相信）:
n. [C] ~ (that…) 宣称、声称、断言（某事是真的，但尚未经过证明，别人可能不相信）:
vt. 赢得（冠军、奖励等）:
claim |[kleɪm]
A lot of lost property is never claimed. 许多失物从未被认领。
He claimed political asylum. 他要求政治避难。
Now they are returning to claim what was theirs. 如今他们回来索取本属于他们的东西。
An underground organisation has claimed responsibility for the bomb explosion. 一个地下组织已经声称对这起炸弹爆炸事件负责。
He was too modest to claim the credit. 他太谦逊，不愿意邀功。
He's not entitled to claim unemployment benefit. 他无权要求领取失业救济金。
She claimed damages from the company for the injury she had suffered. 她因受伤向公司要求获得损害赔偿金。
You could have claimed the cost of the hotel room from your insurance. 你本可以从你的保险中索取旅馆住房费。
You can claim on your insurance for that coat you left on the train. 你可按你的保险索赔你遗忘在火车上的大衣。
Some 25 per cent of the people who are entitled to claim State benefits do not do so. 有权申领政府补贴的人当中，约有25%没有提出申请。
John had taken out redundancy insurance but when he tried to claim, he was refused payment. 约翰办理过失业保险，可是当他去索赔时却遭拒付。
The union claimed a pay rise worth four times the rate of inflation. 工会要求按照通货膨胀率的4倍提高工资。
You can claim back some of the cost of your treatment. 你可以追索部分治疗费用。
You might be entitled to claim compensation if you are injured at work. 如果受了工伤，你可能有权要求赔偿。
Can't you claim on your insurance? 你不能要求保险赔偿吗？
They had no claim on the land. 他们无权索要那块土地。
Rival claims to Macedonian territory caused conflict in the Balkans. 多方主张拥有对马其顿的领土主权，结果在巴尔干地区引发了冲突。
Five Asian countries lay claim to the islands. 五个亚洲国家声称对那些岛屿拥有主权。
competing claims for public money 竞相申用公款的请求 
She had a prior claim on his affections. 她有权优先得到他的疼爱。
moral claim 道德上的权利诉求 
territorial claim 领土要求 
Four men laid claim to leadership of the country. 四人声称有权领导这个国家。
to stake a claim to some of the prize money 索要部分奖金 
You will have to prove your claim to the property in a court of law. 你必须在法庭上证明你对这项财产拥有所有权。
His children have a claim on his estate. 他的子女对他的地产拥有所有权。
She renounced her claim to the property. 她放弃了对这套房产的拥有权。
She has more claim to the book's success than anybody (= she deserves to be praised for it). 她为这本书的成功立了头功。
She'd no claims on him now. 现在他不欠她什么了。
He was surrounded by people, all with claims on his attention. 他被人们团团围住，个个都要他把注意力放在自己身上。
to put in a claim for an allowance 提出领取津贴的要求 
a claim for £2 000 要求2 000英镑的索赔 
Make sure your claims for expenses are submitted by the end of the month. 你的费用一定要在月底以前办理报销。
a three per cent pay claim 提高工资3%的要求 
legal, legitimate claim 法律诉求；合法诉求 
Police are investigating fraudulent claims for fire damage. 警方正在调查欺诈性的火灾索赔。
accident, compensation, damage（尤美）, damages（英）, insurance, medical（尤美）, pay, wage（尤英）claim 事故索赔；赔偿要求；损失索赔；保险索赔；医疗费索赔；报酬要求；工资要求 
discrimination, harassment, malpractice（尤美）claim 歧视索赔；骚扰索赔；渎职索赔 
to file a civil claim for damages 提出民事索赔 
She brought a claim for damages against the company. 她向公司提出赔偿损失的要求。
His claim for compensation was upheld in court. 他的索赔要求得到了法庭支持。
We will need extra funds to meet all the insurance claims. 我们需要更多资金来支付所有保险索赔。
claims arising out of accidents at work 工作事故导致的索赔 
The claim failed because the company had not been misled. 索赔主张没有得到支持，因为公司并没有受到误导。
claim form 索赔单 
claims adjuster（美）（保险公司的）理赔员 
claims payment 索赔支付款 
claims against the company for breach of contract 因公司违反合同而对其提出的索赔 
a claim for compensation 赔偿损失的主张 
to make a claim on your insurance policy 依据保险单提出的索赔主张 
I have many claims on my time. 我繁务缠身。
She has finally claimed a place on the team. 她终于成了那支队的队员。
Zhuang claimed the record in 54.64 seconds. 庄创下了54.64秒的纪录。
Steffi Graf claimed a fourth Wimbledon title in 1992. 施特菲·格拉芙于1992年第4次赢得温布尔登桂冠。
A most unwelcome event claimed his attention. 一件最讨厌的事情需要他去考虑。
There is already a long list of people claiming her attention. 需要她关注的人已经很多了。
The car crash claimed three lives. 那次撞车事故导致三人死亡。
The civil war claimed the life of a U.N. interpreter yesterday. 昨天，内战夺去了一位联合国译员的生命。
Heart disease is the biggest killer, claiming 180,000 lives a year. 心脏病是头号杀手，每年夺去18万条生命。
He claims (that) he was not given a fair hearing. 他声称他未得到公正的申述机会。
Scientists are claiming a major breakthrough in the fight against cancer. 科学家们宣称攻克癌症已有重大的突破。
It was claimed that some doctors were working 80 hours a week. 据说有些医生每周工作80小时。
He claimed that it was all a conspiracy against him. 他声称这一切都是一场针对他的阴谋。
The company had falsely claimed that its products were biodegradable. 公司谎称其产品可生物降解。
He tried to claim that he had acted in self-defence. 他极力宣称自己是自卫。
I don't claim to be an expert. 我不敢自称为专家。
A man claiming to be a journalist threatened to reveal details about her private life. 一个自称是记者的人威胁要公开有关她的私生活的细节。
The singer has denied the magazine's claim that she is leaving the band. 这名歌手已否认那家杂志有关她要离开乐队的说法。
He repeated his claim that the people of Trinidad and Tobago backed his action. 他再次声称，特立尼达和多巴哥的人民支持他的行动。
He rejected claims that he had affairs with six women. 他拒不承认他和六个女人有染的说法。
There are conflicting claims about the cause of the fire. 关于失火的原因有一些矛盾的说法。
the central claim of the book 该书的中心论断 
The company had made false claims about its products. 公司对其产品的表述不实。
I make no claim to understand modern art. 我没有说过自己理解现代艺术。
We have heard claims like this many times before. 我们以前听到过很多次这样的说法。
They accepted her claim that she had been ill-treated. 他们相信了她受过虐待的说法。
Claims of a cover-up were dismissed. 声称有人掩盖真相的种种说法未被采纳。
They were able to produce witnesses to support their claim. 他们能够提供证人来支持自己的说法。
to investigate claims about appalling prison conditions 调查有关监狱条件极端恶劣的说法 
Claims of corruption within the police force were denied. 警察内部腐败的说法遭到了否认。
Steffi Graf claimed a fourth Wimbledon title in 1992. 施特菲·格拉芙于1992年第4次赢得温布尔登桂冠。          

vi. ~ (for/against sth) 选择（采取或不采取某个行动方案）:
opt |[ɒpt;美ɑ:pt]
After graduating she opted for a career in music. 毕业后她选择了从事音乐工作。
Many workers opted to leave their jobs rather than take a pay cut. 许多工人宁肯下岗也不接受减薪。
Depending on your circumstances you may wish to opt for one method or the other. 依据自身情况的不同，你可能希望选择这种或那种方法。
Our students can also opt to stay in residence. 我们的学生也可以选择住校。

vt. [正式] 明确地规定或要求（某事必须被执行或其必须以何种方式被执行）:
vt. [正式] 明确地规定（某事必须被执行或其必须以何种方式被执行）:
stipulate |[ˈstɪpjuleɪt]
The constitution stipulated that a general election must be held within 120 days. 宪法规定必须在120天内举行大选。
A delivery date is stipulated in the contract. 合同中规定了交货日期。
International rules stipulate the number of foreign entrants. 国际规则规定了外国参赛者的人数。
The job advertisement stipulates that the applicant must have three years' experience. 招聘广告明确要求应聘者必须有三年工作经验。
She could have stipulated that she would pay when she collected the computer. 她本可以要求她来取电脑时付钱。
The constitution stipulated that a general election must be held within 120 days. 宪法规定必须在120天内举行大选。
A delivery date is stipulated in the contract. 合同中规定了交货日期。
International rules stipulate the number of foreign entrants. 国际规则规定了外国参赛者的人数。

vt. ~ sth (from sth) 彻底根除…（尤指根除坏事物）:
eradicate |[ɪˈrædɪkeɪt]
They are already battling to eradicate illnesses such as malaria and tetanus. 他们已经在努力消灭疟疾、破伤风等疾病。
Polio has been virtually eradicated in Brazil. 在巴西脊髓灰质炎实际上已经根除。
These insects are very difficult to eradicate. 这些昆虫很难根除。
We are determined to eradicate racism from our sport. 我们决心要杜绝体育竞技活动中的种族歧视现象。
If tedious tasks could be eradicated, the world would be a much better place. 如果可以消灭那些单调乏味的工作，世界将会变得更加美好。
