withstand			承受住
deluge						淹没，暴雨
immerse				浸泡，使...沉浸
glorious						光荣的，壮丽的，极度的
sponge				海绵，白得
glimpse				一瞥，领略
consult								咨询，查阅，商量
humdrum				乏味的，单调
crown				王冠
trend									趋势，倾向
stretch					撑大，拉紧，舒展，耗尽，一段
pollinate				给...授粉
article					物件，文章，条款，冠词
haven					避风港，避难所
adopt									领养，提名，移居，采用
protrude				突出，伸出
chapel					小教堂
fake						赝品，伪造的，伪造，假装
moist						微湿的，多汁的
regardless						不理会的，不顾一切的
slate					页岩，石板，抨击，推举
glow					光亮，容光焕发
federation				联邦
cunning					狡猾的，精巧的，狡猾
gust					一阵狂风
chore					例行工作，家务活
absurd							荒唐的
surge				使强烈感受到，急剧上涨
survival									存留，幸存者
ignite				点燃，激发，着火
\\\\\\\\

vt. [正式] 承受住（极端条件等）:
withstand |[wɪðˈstænd;wɪθˈs-]
The materials used have to be able to withstand high temperatures. 所使用的材料必须能够耐高温。
The material is strong enough to withstand hurricane-force winds. 这种材料很坚固，足以抵抗飓风。
armoured vehicles designed to withstand chemical attack 具有抵御化学武器袭击的设计功能的装甲车 
The wooden boat was built to withstand just about every weather condition at sea. 这条木船建成后能经受住海上各种各样的天气条件。
The building is strong enough to withstand an earthquake. 这个建筑物很坚固，足以抗震。
Exercise really can help you withstand stresses and strains more easily. 锻炼真的能帮助你更轻松地应对压力和紧张情绪。
They had withstood siege, hunger and deprivation. 他们经受了围困、饥饿和贫穷。

n. [usually sing.] 同时发生的大量事情、同时出现的大量事物:
vt. ~ sb/sth (with sth) [常用被动式] 同时发送或给予大量事物。相当于flood或inundate:
n. [usually sing.] 突然的大暴雨:
vt. [常用被动式] [正式] 洪水淹没或冲毁一个地方:
deluge |[ˈdelju:dʒ]
a deluge of calls, a deluge of complaints, a deluge of letters 接连不断的电话；没完没了的投诉；纷至沓来的信件 
A deluge of manuscripts began to arrive in the post. 大量的手稿开始通过邮递涌来。
This has brought a deluge of criticism. 这一下子招来了铺天盖地的批评。
We have been deluged with applications for the job. 申请这个工作的求职信使我们应接不暇。
During 1933, Papen's office was deluged with complaints. 1933 年间，大量的投诉信涌进了巴本的办公室。          
About a dozen homes were damaged in the deluge. 在这场暴雨中大约有十几家房屋被毁。
At least 150 people are believed to have died after two days of torrential rain deluged the capital. 连续两天的滂沱大雨致使首都积水成灾，据信至少已有 150 人死亡。

vt. ~ yourself/sb in sth（使）沉浸于、专心于某事:
vt. ~ sb/sth (in sth) 使浸没于液体中:
immerse |[ɪˈmɜ:s;美ɪˈmɜ:rs]
For six months I totally immersed myself in my work. 六个月来我完全埋头干工作。
I immediately immersed myself in the task. 我立即专心投入工作。
Since then I've lived alone and immersed myself in my career. 自那以后,我一直一个人生活,全身心投入我的事业当中。
Clare and Phil were deeply immersed in conversation in the corner. 克莱尔和菲尔在角落里深谈。
The electrodes are immersed in liquid. 电极浸没在液体中。
The seeds need to be completely immersed in water. 种子需要完全浸没在水中。

having, worthy of, or bringing fame or admiration:拥有、值得或带来名声或钦佩
having a striking beauty or splendour:拥有惊人的美丽或辉煌
very enjoyable:非常愉快
glorious |ˈɡlɔːrɪəs| Adjective/:辉煌,光荣的,辉煌的
the most glorious victory of all time:有史以来最辉煌的胜利
a glorious autumn day:一个灿烂的秋日
glorious platters of succulent crabs:glorious多汁螃蟹拼盘

vt. ~ sb/yourself/sth (down) 用湿布或海绵擦洗:
vt. 用湿布或海绵擦掉:
n. [C]（天然或人造的，洗澡或擦洗物品用的）海绵块:
n. [U]（用以填充家具、垫子等的）人造海绵:
n. [C, U] [英] 海绵蛋糕、松软布丁。相当于sponge cake:
n. [C] 海绵（一种海洋动物，体圆而柔软）:
vi. [非正式，贬] ~ (off/on sb) 白白得到金钱、事物等（而不需要付出什么）；靠别人养活。相当于scrounge:
sponge |[spʌndʒ]
She sponged his hot face. 她用湿毛巾擦了擦他那滚烫的脸。
Fill a bowl with water and gently sponge your face and body. 在一只盆里放上水，轻轻地用蘸湿的海绵擦拭你的面部及身体。
Take your jacket off and I'll sponge it down with water. 把你的夹克脱下来，我要用海绵蘸上水把它擦一擦。
We tried to sponge the blood off my shirt. 我们试着把我衬衫上的血迹擦掉。
damp, wet sponge 湿海绵 
dry sponge 干海绵 
bath sponge 洗浴用海绵 
make-up sponge 化妆棉 
This sponge doesn't soak up water very well. 这块海绵吸水性不太好。
Wipe the surface with a damp sponge.用湿海绵擦拭表面。
He wiped off the table with a sponge. 他用一块海绵擦桌子。
His mind was like a sponge, ready to absorb anything.（比喻用法）他的脑子跟海绵似的，什么都能吸收。
a sponge mattress 海绵床垫
a chocolate sponge 巧克力海绵蛋糕 
It makes a superb filling for cakes and sponges. 它非常适合做蛋糕和软布丁的馅儿。
He should just get an honest job and stop sponging off the rest of us! 他应该找一份正当的工作，不要再揩我们这些人的油了！
He spent his life grumbling about missed opportunities and sponging on his father for money. 他一辈子都在抱怨失去的机会，并一直伸手向自己的父亲要钱。
He spent his life sponging off his relatives. 他靠在众亲属那儿蹭吃蹭喝过了一辈子。

~ (of sth) 短暂的感受或体验（以有助于理解…）:
vt. 短暂（但不是很清楚地）看一眼、瞥见:
~ (of sb/sth) 短时间的一瞥或一看:
vt. 开始了解:
glimpse |[glɪmps]
The programme gives us a rare glimpse of a great artist at work. 这个节目使我们难得地体会伟大艺术家工作时的情况。
This scene may give a rare glimpse of Charles's personal style as king. 这一幕非常难得地让人得以一睹查理作为国王的个人风范。
That smile afforded her a brief glimpse of the other side of Adam. 那个微笑让她窥见了亚当的另一面。
The exhibition offers a fascinating glimpse at life beneath the waves. 这个展览展示了精彩神奇的海底世界。
Take a glimpse into the future of space travel. 粗略展望一下太空旅行的前景。
She got a glimpse of a very different way of life. 她看到了一种完全不同的生活方式。
He'd glimpsed her through the window as he passed. 他路过时透过窗户瞥见了她。
She glimpsed a group of people standing on the bank of a river. 她瞥见一群人站在河岸边。
He caught a glimpse of her in the crowd. 他一眼瞥见她在人群里。
Some of the fans had waited 24 hours outside the Hyde Park Hotel to catch a glimpse of their heroine. 为了一睹女主角的风采，一些追星族已经在海德公园饭店外守候了24个小时。
They caught occasional glimpses of great birds circling. 他们偶尔会看见一群大鸟在空中盘旋。
This was my first tantalizing glimpse of the islands. 这是我第一次看见这些岛屿的动人美景。
We only had a fleeting glimpse of the sun all day. 一整天我们只看到太阳露了一下脸。
He took a quick glimpse at the map. 他迅速看来一眼地图。
We got just a brief glimpse of the car as it rushed by. 汽车疾驰而过，我们只匆匆瞥到一眼。
Suddenly she glimpsed the truth about her sister. 她突然开始了解到她姐姐的真实情况。

vt. 查阅或参看…（以获得信息），相当于refer to:
vt.＆vi. consult sb (about sth) 去向某人咨询信息或请教建议:
vt.＆vi. consult (with) sb (about/on sth)与某人讨论某事（以得到其许可或帮助做出决策）:
consult |[kən'sʌlt]
He consulted the manual. 他查阅了使用说明书。
Have you consulted your lawyer about this? 你就此事咨询过你的律师吗？
If the pain persists you should consult your doctor. 如果疼痛持续，你就应该找医生看看。
I need to consult my teacher about changing my course. 我需要向老师咨询更改选课的事。
a consulting engineer 顾问工程师
You shouldn’t have done it without consulting me. 你不该不和我商量就做了这件事。
I need to consult with my colleagues on the proposals. 我需要和我的同事商讨这些建议。

lacking excitement or variety; boringly monotonous:缺乏兴奋或多样性；单调乏味
monotonous routine:单调的套路
humdrum |ˈhʌmdrʌm| Adjective/Noun/:单调,单调乏味的
humdrum routine work:单调乏味的日常工作
an escape from the humdrum of his life:从他的单调生活中逃脱

n. [C, usually sing.] [非正式] 体育竞赛的冠军名次、桂冠:
vt. 为国王或女王加冕（使其正式掌权）:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sth (with sth)（尤指通过增添成就、成功等）使某事更圆满或使其更完美:
n. 1 [C]（国王或女王的）王冠、皇冠:
2 [C] 某人头上戴的花环或一圈树叶，有时象征胜利:
vt. [过时，非正式] 击打某人的头部:
n. 1 [sing.]（通常用the crown）头顶（尤指头顶的后部）；冒顶:
2 [sing.]（通常用the crown）某事物的顶部、顶端:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sth (with sth) 形成…顶部；给某事物加顶:
n. [C] 王冠状物（尤指饰物或徽章）:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sth (with sth) 头顶长着…样的头发:
vt.（在牙齿上）镶人造牙冠。相当于cap:
n. [C]（受损牙齿的）人造牙冠:
n. 1 [C] 克朗（欧洲一些国家的货币单位）:
2 [C] 5先令的英国旧币（等于现在的25便士）:
n. [sing] the Crown 可指（由国王或女王所统治的国家的）政府，如王国:
n. [sing.] the crown 可指王位；王权:
n. [sing] the Crown可指英国刑事案件中的公诉人:
crown |[kraʊn]
heavyweight, Olympic（尤英）, world crown 重量级冠军；奥林匹克冠军；世界冠军 
He lost his world crown to the Korean champion. 他输给了那名韩国冠军，丢掉了世界冠军的桂冠。
She is determined to retain her Wimbledon crown. 她决心卫冕她的温布尔登网球赛的冠军宝座。
Elizabeth was crowned in Westminster Abbey on 2 June 1953. 伊丽莎白于1953年6月2日在威斯敏斯特大教堂加冕。
Two days later, Juan Carlos was crowned king. 两天后，胡安·卡洛斯被加冕为国王。
The prince was soon to be crowned King of England. 王子不久就要被立为英国国王了。
The award of the Nobel Prize has crowned a glorious career in physics. 荣获诺贝尔奖使其物理学研究的辉煌事业达到了顶点。
He went on to crown a distinguished career in radio and television with his book 'The Price of Victory'. 凭借《胜利的代价》一书，在广播和电视事业上成就杰出的他再创辉煌。
Their efforts were finally crowned with success. 他们的努力终于取得圆满成功。
It is an important moment, crowning the efforts of the Cup organisers. 这是个重要时刻，它使得优胜杯赛组织者的努力圆满告捷。
The summit was crowned by the signing of the historic START treaty. 此次峰会以签订具有历史性意义的《削减进攻性战略武器条约》宣告圆满成功。
gold crown 金王冠；金皇冠 
The crown was placed upon the new monarch's head. 王冠戴在了新君主的头上。
crown jewels（镶在王冠、权杖等上面以示王权的）御宝 
a crown of flowers 花冠
He laid his hand gently on the crown of her head. 他把手轻轻放在她的头顶上。
the crown of a hill 山顶 
Here another rugged castle crowns the cliffs and crags. 这里又有一座高低不平的城堡建在悬崖绝壁之上。
a very striking face, crowned by an abundance of hair 一张非常标致的脸，长着一头浓密的头发 
His head was crowned with a mop of brown curls. 他长了一头蓬乱的棕色鬈发。
a very striking face, crowned by an abundance of hair 一张非常标致的脸，长着一头浓密的头发 
His head was crowned with a mop of brown curls. 他长了一头蓬乱的棕色鬈发。
I've had one of my teeth crowned. 我的一颗牙齿镶了假齿冠。
Czech crowns 捷克克朗 
land owned by the Crown 王国的土地 
a piece of Crown land 一片王室的土地 
Crown colony, Crown land 皇家殖民地；王室土地 
a Minister of the Crown 王国的大臣 
She says the sovereignty of the Crown must be preserved. 她说必须维护王国政府的主权
imperial, royal crown 帝国的王位；王室的权力 
In 1688 the crown was offered to William and Mary. 1688年，王位授予了威廉和玛丽。
In 1553 the crown passed from Edward VI to Mary. 1553年，爱德华六世把王位传给了玛丽。
She refused the crown (= refused to become queen). 她拒绝接受王位。
his claim to the French crown 他拥有的获得法国王位的权利
Who's appearing for the Crown (= bringing a criminal charge against sb on behalf of the state) in this case? 谁将在此案中代表王国政府出庭？
Crown Court（英格兰和威尔士的）刑事法庭

n. [C] 时尚；风尚:
n. [C] 衣着时尚；风尚:
n. [C] trend (towards/in sth) 情况所改变或发展的一个大致方向，即趋势；动态；动向:
trend |[trend]
The latest trend is gardening. 最新的时尚是园艺。
fashion trends 时尚风潮 
A trend for nostalgia has emerged. 出现了一股怀旧的风潮。
Linen is on trend again this summer. 亚麻衣料今年夏天再次流行。
economic, social, political trend 经济趋势；社会趋势；政治趋势 
current trends in language teaching 当前语言教学的趋势 
fashion trend 时尚潮流 
cultural trend 文化的趋势 
evolutionary, historical trend 演变的趋势；历史的趋势 
market trend 市场趋势 
a worrying trend 令人担忧的趋势

vi.（一个群体）包括（各种事物）:
n. [C] 连续的一段时间。相当于spell:
vi. 延续一段时间或时期:
vt. 大量地使用时间，如耗尽、竭尽:
vt.&vi.（例如通过拉伸）（使）某事物变得更长:
vt.&vi.（例如通过拉伸）（使）某事物变得更松:
vt. 将某事物拉紧、绷紧:
vt.&vi.（例如通过拉伸）（使）某事物变得更长、更宽或更松:
vt.&vi.（身体）舒展（如伸展胳膊和腿）:
n. [C, U] 身体或肢体的伸展、舒展:
vt.&vi. 伸出或伸长胳膊、腿以够到东西:
vt. 大量地使用金钱、时间、供应物等，如耗尽、竭尽:
vt. 充分发挥某人的全部技能、才智等:
vt. 不公平或不可接受地使用某事物（如实情、信条）:
vi.（织物）有弹性、有弹力:
n. [U] 织物的弹性或伸缩性:
adj.（织物）有弹性的:
n. [C] ~ (of sth) 一片水域，尤指一长片水域:
n. [C] ~ (of sth) 一片土地，尤指一长片土地:
vi. 覆盖一片空间（如地域）或距离，如延伸、绵延。相当于extend:
vt. 充分发挥某人的全部技能、才智等:
vt. 不公平或不可接受地使用某事物（如实情、信条）:
n. [C, usually sing.] 速度比赛终点的直道部分。相当于straight:
vt. 大量地使用金钱，如耗尽、竭尽:
vi. ~ (to sth)（用于否定句和疑问句）（一笔钱）足够买（或支付）:
vi. ~ (to sth)（用于否定句和疑问句）（一笔钱）刚能够节约下来:
vt.&vi. 节俭地使用一定数量的某事物，以延长其使用时间:
n. [C, usually sing.] [非正式] 某人的服刑期:
stretch |[stretʃ]
a trading empire, with interests that stretched from chemicals to sugar 从化学制品到食糖均有涉足的贸易帝国                   
They worked in four-hour stretches. 他们工作四小时一班。
She used to read for hours at a stretch (= without stopping). 她以前看书常常连看几小时。
He was fluent in French, having spent stretches of time in Southern France. 他曾在法国南部呆过一段时间，法语流利。
after an 18-month stretch in the army 在部队生活了 18 个月后 
The students have now entered the final stretch of their course. 学生们现已进入课程的最后阶段。
He went through a tough stretch last year but things are better now. 去年他经历了一段艰难时期，现在情况好多了。
She had been unhappy for long stretches of her life. 她一生中很多时间生活得并不快乐。
The town's history stretches back to before 1500. 该城的历史可以上溯到1500年以前。
The talks look set to stretch into a second week. 看来谈判十有八九要延续到下个星期了。
as anti-abortion protests stretched into their second week 随着反堕胎抗议进入第二周 
a working day that stretches from seven in the morning to eight at night 从早上 7 点持续到晚上 8 点的工作日 
Endless summer days stretched out before us. 无尽的夏日在等待着我们。
The future stretched out endlessly in front of me. 未来我前面的路还有很长很长。
We can't take on any more work? we're fully stretched as it is. 我们不能再接别的工作了，我们已经是在拼命了。
The cables are designed not to stretch. 该电缆不能拉伸。
Ease the pastry into the corners of the tin, making sure you don't stretch it. 将油酥面团小心地移至烤盘的各角，注意不要把它拉长。
Is there any way of stretching shoes? 有什么办法能把鞋撑大吗？
This sweater has stretched. 这件毛衣给撑得变形了。
Stretch the fabric tightly over the frame. 把布在架子上绷紧。
Make sure that the rope is stretched tight. 务必要把绳子拉紧。
Striped awnings had been stretched across the courtyard. 条纹雨蓬被撑开架在院子上方。
Is there any way of stretching shoes? 有什么办法能把鞋撑大吗？
This sweater has stretched. 这件毛衣给撑得变形了。
The cables are designed not to stretch. 该电缆不能拉伸。
Ease the pastry into the corners of the tin, making sure you don't stretch it. 将油酥面团小心地移至烤盘的各角，注意不要把它拉长。           
He stretched and yawned lazily. 他伸了伸懒腰，打了个哈欠。
He turned out the light and stretched full-length on the bed. 他关了灯，舒展全身躺到了床上。
He stretched out on the couch and watched TV. 他四肢伸开躺在沙发上看电视。
The exercises are designed to stretch and tone your leg muscles. 这些活动目的在于伸展和增强你的腿部肌肉。
Try stretching your legs and pulling your toes upwards. 试着双腿伸直并且向上拉伸脚趾。
Only do these more difficult stretches when you are warmed up. 要做了准备活动以后再做这些较难的伸展运动。
First let's warm up by doing some stretches. 咱们先做一些伸展运动热热身。
Her arms were at full stretch. 她双臂完全伸开。
Stay in this position and feel the stretch in your legs. 保持这个姿势，体会腿部绷紧的感觉。
Hold the stretch for a count of ten. 保持伸展姿势，一直数到十。
Have a good stretch from time to time to prevent yourself getting stiff. 不时充分伸展一下筋骨，以防身体变僵。
We got out of the car and had a good stretch. 我们下车好好舒展了一下身体。
She stretched up to reach the top shelf. 她伸手向上去够顶层架子。
She stretched across the table for the butter. 她伸手到桌子那头去拿黄油。
I stretched out a hand and picked up the book. 我伸出一只手，把书捡起来。
The influx of refugees has stretched the country's resources to the limit. 难民的大量涌入把这个国家的资源消耗殆尽。
The drought there is stretching American resources. 那里的旱灾正在耗尽美国的财力物力。
Public expenditure was being stretched to the limit by having to support 3 million unemployed people. 因为要救济 300 万失业人口，公共支出即将被耗尽。
The increase in demand has severely stretched our resources. 需求的增加极大地消耗了我们的资源。
We can't take on any more work? we're fully stretched as it is. 我们不能再接别的工作了，我们已经是在拼命了。
Don't stretch yourself too thin financially. 不要在财务上搞得力不从心。
Both parties have financially stretched themselves by taking on substantial mortgages. 双方均有巨额抵押贷款，财务方面都有些力不从心。
This department is stretched to its limit. 这个部门已经达到运转极限。
Our forces are too thinly stretched to control the chaos. 我们的部队人员不足，已经无力控制混乱状况了。
I need a job that will stretch me. 我需要一份让我能充分发挥才智的工作。
I'm trying to move on and stretch myself with something different. 我正想换工作，想尝试点不一样的事情来挑战一下自己。
They criticized the quality of teaching, claiming pupils were not stretched enough. 他们批评教学质量太差，声称没有使学生们发挥出潜质。
He admitted that he had maybe stretched the truth a little (= not been completely honest). 他承认可能有点言过其实了。
The play's plot stretches credulity to the limit. 这出戏的剧情简直就是胡编滥造。
The jeans stretch to provide a perfect fit. 这条牛仔裤有弹性，可以完全贴身。
You need a material with plenty of stretch in it. 你需要一种弹性很大的布料。
stretch fabrics such as Lycra. 莱卡等有弹性的织物 
stretch cotton swimsuits 弹力棉制泳衣 
stretch jeans 弹力牛仔裤
You rarely see boats on this stretch of the river. 这一河段船只罕见。
This stretch of Lost River was broader and deeper. 洛斯特里弗的这片水域又宽又深。
A great stretch of ocean lay beneath them. 他们下方是一大片辽阔的海洋。
The festival is being held on a stretch of parkland near the river. 庆祝活动在河边一片公共绿地上举行。
a straight stretch of road 一段笔直的公路 
a particularly dangerous stretch of road 特别危险的路段 
There are tailbacks along a 10-mile stretch of the motorway. 高速公路上，车子排起了10英里的长龙。
an unspoilt stretch of coastline 一段未破坏原貌的海岸线 
a wild uninhabited coastal stretch 一段荒无人迹的海岸 
an empty stretch of beach 一片空旷的海滩
The beach stretches for five miles. 海滩绵延五英里。
The beach seemed to stretch endlessly. 海滩好像长得没有尽头。
Fields and hills stretched out as far as we could see. 放眼望去，田野山丘绵延不绝。
The wood does not stretch very far. 这片树林不算太大。
an area which stretches from London to the north 伦敦以北地区 
The road stretched ahead. 道路向前方延伸。
A line of cars stretched into the distance. 车辆的长龙一直排到很远。
The procession stretched for several miles. 游行队伍长达数英里。
He had burns that stretched from his neck to his hips. 他从脖子到臀部均被烧伤。
I need a job that will stretch me. 我需要一份让我能充分发挥才智的工作。
I'm trying to move on and stretch myself with something different. 我正想换工作，想尝试点不一样的事情来挑战一下自己。
They criticized the quality of teaching, claiming pupils were not stretched enough. 他们批评教学质量太差，声称没有使学生们发挥出潜质。
He admitted that he had maybe stretched the truth a little (= not been completely honest). 他承认可能有点言过其实了。
The play's plot stretches credulity to the limit. 这出戏的剧情简直就是胡编滥造。
the finishing/home stretch 终点直道 
The campaign has entered its final stretch.（比喻用法）竞选已进入最后冲刺阶段。
She felt a renewed burst of energy for the final stretch. 在最后一段，她感到能量重新爆发了出来。
The drought there is stretching American resources. 那里的旱灾正在耗尽美国的财力物力。
Public expenditure was being stretched to the limit by having to support 3 million unemployed people. 因为要救济 300 万失业人口，公共支出即将被耗尽。
Don't stretch yourself too thin financially. 不要在财务上搞得力不从心。
Both parties have financially stretched themselves by taking on substantial mortgages. 双方均有巨额抵押贷款，财务方面都有些力不从心。
I need a new car, but my savings won't stretch to it. 我需要一辆新车，但我的积蓄不够。
She suggested to me that I might like to start regular savings and I said Well, I don't know whether I can stretch to that. 她建议我可以开始定期存钱，我说我还不知道钱是不是够花呢。
They're used to stretching their budgets. 他们习惯于精打细算。
During his senior year his earnings stretched far enough to buy an old car. 他上年纪时省下的收入足够买一辆旧车了。
He did a ten-year stretch for fraud. 他因欺诈罪服刑十年。

pollination
To pollinate a plant or tree means to fertilize it with pollen. This is often done by insects. 给···传授花粉
pollinate |英 ['pɒlɪneɪt]  美 ['pɑlənet]| vt. 对...授粉/
Without sufficient pollination, the growth of the corn is stunted.没有充足的授粉，玉米的生长就会受阻。
Many of the indigenous insects are needed to pollinate the local plants.需要很多种土生昆虫给当地植物授粉。


n. [C] [正式] 物品（尤指整套物品中的一件）:
n. [C]（报刊杂志上关于某个主题的）文章:
n. [C]（协议、契约、合同等的）条款:
n. [C] 冠词:
article |['ɑːtɪkl]
articles of clothing 衣物 
all articles of value 所有值钱的东西 
household, toilet article 家居用品；厕所用品 
The finished article takes two months to manufacture. 制造这个成品耗时两个月。
an article in Newsweek《新闻周刊》上的一篇文章 
news article 新闻稿 
review article 评论文章 
academic, scholarly, scientific article 学术论文；学术文章；科技文章 
peer-reviewed article 同行评议的文章 
journal, magazine, newspaper article 期刊文章；杂志文章；报纸文章 
online article 网上的文章 
related article 相关文章 
to contribute an article 投稿
to violate an article of the convention 违反该公约中的一项条款 
the key articles of the constitution 宪法的主要条款 
The actions of the organization violate Article 12 of the treaty. 该组织的行为违反了条约第12款。
Article 10 provides that all businesses must be registered correctly. 第10条规定所有企业必须依法登记注册。
The judge ordered the child’s return home under Article 12 of the Convention. 法官根据公约第12款的规定下令将孩子送回家。
The terms of Article 3 will be changed by the new government. 新政府将对第三款的规定进行修改。
definite, indefinite article 定冠词；不定冠词

n. [C]（对人来说）一个安全的地方:
n. [C]（对动物来说）一个安全的地方:
haven |[ˈheɪvn]
The hotel is a haven of peace and tranquility. 这家旅馆是一处安宁的去处。
It's a real haven at the end of a busy working day. 忙碌了一整天后，这真是一个安乐窝。
This house is a haven of peace compared with ours. 和我们家相比，这所房子是一个宁静的去处。
The aim is to create a safe haven for the thousands of refugees. 目的是为数千难民建立一处安全的避难所。
They were living in a safe haven away from the fighting. 他们生活在一个远离战火的安全地方。
The island is a popular tax haven for the very rich. 这个岛是巨富青睐的避税天堂。
Lake Baringo, a freshwater haven for a mixed variety of birds 众多鸟类的淡水天堂巴林戈湖 
The river banks are a haven for wildlife. 河的两岸是野生动物的自然栖息地。

vt.（通过表决而）正式接纳一项建议或政策:
vt. 承袭（一个风俗）等:
vt. 1 采用（某种方法）；采取（某种态度）。是此义的常规用词:
2 [正式] 采用（某种举止、说话或表达等方式）:
3 选用（一个新名字）等:
vt. 移居（到某国）:
vt.＆vi. 收养或领养（别人的孩子）:
vt. 1 采用（某种方法）；采取（某种态度）。是此义的常规用词:
2 [正式] 采用（某种举止、说话或表达等方式）:
3 选用（一个新名字）等:
vt. [英] adopt sb (as sth) 在政治领域可指选定（某人为竞选的候选人）或选举（某人为代表）:
adopt |[ə'dɒpt][ə'dɒpt]
to adopt a resolution 通过一项决议 
The council is expected to adopt the new policy at its next meeting. 委员会有望在下次会议上正式通过这项新政策。
to adopt a title 袭用头衔 
to adopt a practice 承袭习俗
All three teams adopted different approaches to the problem. 三个队处理这个问题的方法各不相同。
The policy has not yet been formally adopted. 这一政策还未被正式采纳。
He adopted an air of indifference. 他摆出一副满不在乎的样子。
to adopt a name, to adopt a language 取名；采用某语言
to adopt a child 领养孩子 
She was forced to have her baby adopted. 她被迫将自己的婴儿交与他人收养。
All three teams adopted different approaches to the problem. 三个队处理这个问题的方法各不相同。
The policy has not yet been formally adopted. 这一政策还未被正式采纳。
He adopted an air of indifference. 他摆出一副满不在乎的样子。
to adopt a name, to adopt a language 取名；采用某语言
She was adopted as parliamentary candidate. 她被推举为议员候选人。

vi. [正式] ~ (from sth) 从一个地方或平面凸出来:
protrude |[prəˈtru:d;美proʊ-]
protruding teeth 龅牙 
The tip of her tongue was protruding slightly. 她的舌尖微微伸出。
He hung his coat on a nail protruding from the wall. 他把上衣挂在凸出墙面的一根钉子上。
a huge round mass of smooth rock protruding from the water 一块光滑的巨型圆石露出水面

n. [C] [英]（报馆或印刷所的）工会分会，工会分会会员:
n. 1 [C]（学校、监狱、私人宅院等基督教徒礼拜用的）小教堂:
2 [C]（教堂内的）分堂，小教堂:
3 [C, U] [英]（基督教某些教派如英国的不从国教派教徒做礼拜的）教堂:
They agreed to meet at the chapel after the service. 他们约好礼拜结束后在教堂见面。4 [C]（尤指墓地或火葬场的）葬礼祈祷间，祈祷室:
chapel |[ˈtʃæpl]
family, memorial, private, royal chapel 家庭礼拜堂；纪念小教堂；私人祈祷室；皇家小教堂 
college, school, university chapel 学院小教堂；学校小教堂；大学小教堂 
hospital chapel 医院小教堂 
prison chapel 监狱小教堂 
funerary（美）, wedding chapel 葬礼小教堂；婚礼小教堂 
They were married in a wedding chapel in Las Vegas. 他们是在拉斯维加斯的一个婚礼小教堂结的婚。
We married in the chapel of Charing Cross Hospital in London. 我们是在伦敦查令十字医院的小教堂里结的婚。
The chapel is dedicated to St Michael. 这个小教堂是纪念圣米迦勒的。
the chapel of the Virgin Mary 圣母堂的私人祈祷室 
little, small chapel 小教堂 
The funeral was conducted in one of the smaller side chapels. 葬礼是在其中一个附属小教堂里举行的。
Baptist, Methodist, Mormon chapel 浸礼会教堂；循道宗教堂；摩门教教堂 
She always went to chapel on Sundays. 她总是在星期天去教堂做礼拜。
They are still at chapel(= at a service). 他们还在做礼拜。

adj. [贬] 假冒的、伪造的:
n. 1 [C]（艺术品、硬币、珠宝首饰等的）赝品、仿制品:
2 [C] 冒充者:
vt.&vi. 假装（有某种感情、疾病等）:
vt. 制作一个看起来像真的一样的东西（尤指为欺骗某人），如伪造、冒充:
fake |[feɪk]
The bank manager is said to have issued fake certificates. 据说那个银行经理曾出具伪造的凭证。
fake designer clothing 冒牌的名设计师服装 
a jacket in fake fur 人造毛皮短上衣 
a fake American accent 伪装的美国口音 
Don't go out in the sun─get a fake tan from a bottle. 别顶着太阳出去了，擦点棕褐色油装作太阳晒的就行了。
All the paintings proved to be fakes. 所有这些画结果证实都是赝品。
She's not really sick─she's just faking it. 她并不是真的病了，不过是假装的。
He faked a yawn. 他装着打了一个呵欠。
Jon faked nonchalance. 乔恩装作若无其事的样子。
Maturity and emotional sophistication can't be faked. 成熟和情感上的老道是装不出来的。           
She faked her mother's signature on the document. 她伪造了她母亲在文件上的签字。
He faked his own death last year to collect on a $1 million insurance policy. 去年，他诈死以骗取100万美元的保险金。
He arranged the accident in order to fake his own death. 他策划了这次事故以便造成他自己死亡的假象。
It's safer to fake a tan with make-up rather than subject your complexion to the harsh rays of the sun. 用化妆品打造出古铜色的皮肤比让皮肤受太阳的暴晒更为安全。           

adj. 微湿的、湿润的:
moist |[mɔɪst]
warm moist air 温暖潮湿的空气 
Keep the atmosphere in your greenhouse slightly moist throughout the spring. 春天里保持温室的空气略微湿润些。
a rich moist cake 松软味浓的蛋糕 
Wipe off any excess make-up with a clean, moist cotton flannel. 用干净的湿绒布擦去多余的化妆品。
The soil is reasonably moist after the September rain. 九月的雨季过后，土壤已相当湿润。
Water the plants regularly to keep the soil moist. 定时浇灌植物以保持土壤湿润。
Try to keep the soil evenly moist. 尽量保持土壤均匀湿润。
Her eyes were moist (= with tears). 她眼含泪水。
Beth's dark eyes grew moist as she kissed her son. 贝丝亲吻着儿子，黑黑的眼睛湿润了。
Her skin felt moist and feverish. 她的皮肤摸上去又湿又热。
His fingers were becoming moist with sweat. 他的手指汗津津的。

adv. 无论（即使情况糟糕或有一些困难）:
prep. regardless of 无论:
regardless |[rɪ'ɡɑːdlɪs]
The weather was terrible but we carried on regardless. 天气非常恶劣，但我们并不理会，照常进行。
It takes in anybody regardless of religion, colour, or creed. 任何人，不论宗教、肤色或信仰，都可以加入。
Regardless of whether he is right or wrong, we have to abide by his decisions. 不管他正确与否，我们都得服从他的决定。 

If you start with a clean slate, you do not take account of previous mistakes or failures and make a fresh start. 不计前嫌重新开始; 既往不咎
If something is slated to happen, it is planned to happen at a particular time or on a particular occasion. (在特定时间或者条件下) 选定
A slate is one of the small flat pieces of slate that are used for covering roofs. 石板瓦
Slate is a dark grey rock that can be easily split into thin layers. Slate is often used for covering roofs. (常用来作屋顶建材的) 石板
slate |英 [sleɪt]  美 [slet]| n. 板岩；石板；蓝色；石片/vt. 铺石板；严厉批评某人；计划/adj. 板岩的；石板色的/n. (Slate)人名；(英)斯莱特/
The proposal is to pay everything you owe, so that you can start with a clean slate.奉劝你还清所有债务，这样你就可以重新开始。
Bromfield was slated to become U.S. Secretary of Agriculture.布罗姆菲尔德被内定为美国的农业部长。
Thieves had stolen the slates from the roof.窃贼偷走了屋顶的石板瓦。
...a stone-built cottage, with a traditional slate roof.…一间有传统石板屋顶的石砌村舍。


n. [sing.] 喜悦；满足的心情:
vi. ~ (with sth) 看上去喜形于色或心满意足:
vi.（尤指热的物体）发出微弱而稳定的光:
n. [sing.] 微弱而稳定的光:
vi. ~ (with sth) 色彩鲜艳、绚丽夺目:
n. [sing.] 金色或红色:
vi. ~ (with sth)（人体或脸）（尤指因情绪激动、尴尬等而）发红、发热:
vi. ~ (with sth)（人体或脸）（尤指运动后）发红、发热:
n. [sing.]（运动、高兴或激动时）脸上的红光:
glow |[gləʊ;美gloʊ]
Exercise will give you a glow of satisfaction at having achieved something. 运动将让你体会到一种有所成就的无比喜悦感。
He felt a glow of pride in what she had accomplished. 他为她取得的成绩深感自豪。
When she looked at her children, she felt a glow of pride. 看见自己的孩子，她就感到由衷的自豪。
She bathed in the warm glow of first love. 她沉浸在初恋的幸福中。           
She was positively glowing with pride. 她一副踌躇满志的样子。
The expectant mothers that Amy had encountered positively glowed with pride. 埃米遇见的准妈妈们个个洋溢着自豪和喜悦。
He gave her a warm glowing smile. 他给了她一个热情洋溢的微笑。
She was positively glowing with happiness. 她满脸洋溢着幸福。
The embers still glowed in the hearth. 余烬仍在炉膛里发出暗淡的光。
Even the mantel above the fire glowed white. 甚至炉火上方的壁炉台都泛着白光。
The night lantern glowed softly in the darkness. 晚上点亮的灯笼在黑暗中发出柔和的光。
Two lamps glowed softly in the lounge. 休息室里的两盏灯发出柔和的光。
The stones around the bonfire glowed red with the heat. 篝火周围的石头烧红了。
A cigarette end glowed red in the darkness. 一个烟头在黑暗中发着红光。
The strap has a fluorescent coating that glows in the dark. 皮带面上有一层荧光在黑暗中微微发光。
The city was just a red glow on the horizon. 城市看上去只是地平线上的一片红光。
The rising sun casts a golden glow over the fields. 冉冉升起的太阳在田野中洒下金色的阳光。
the cigarette's red glow 香烟发出的红光 
There was no light except for the occasional glow of a cigarette. 除偶尔有香烟的微弱红光外没有一点亮光。
The lamplight gave a cosy glow to the room. 灯光给房间增添了一种温暖惬意的感觉。
The sunset threw an orange glow on the cliffs. 落日橘黄色的余晖洒满悬崖。
The whole village was bathed in the glow of the setting sun. 整个村庄都沐浴在落日的余晖里。
Our faces were lit by the faint green glow of the dashboard lights. 汽车仪表盘发出的微弱绿光照亮了我们的脸。
the soft glow from the lamp 柔和的灯光
The countryside glowed with autumn colours. 乡村里秋色绚烂。
The brick walls glowed red in the late afternoon sun. 砖墙在夕阳的照耀下闪着红色的光芒。
The fall foliage glowed red and yellow in the morning sunlight. 树叶在秋日的晨曦中泛出红黄色的光。
Used together these colours will make your interiors glow with warmth and vitality. 这些颜色搭配使用会使你屋子里暖意融融，充满生机。
carved wood bathed in glowing colors and gold leaf 色彩绚丽、镶满金叶的木雕 
The instruments glowed in the bright orange light. 明亮的橙色灯光下，这些乐器闪闪发光。
the glow of autumn leaves 秋叶红似火
Her cheeks were glowing. 她双颊绯红。
His face glowed with embarrassment. 他窘得满脸通红。
Her cheeks were glowing. 她双颊绯红。
Her freckled skin glowed with health again. 她长有雀斑的皮肤又泛出了健康的红光。
a glowing complexion 红润的面色 
Her cheeks had a healthy glow. 她面颊健康红润。
The fresh air had brought a healthy glow to her cheeks. 新鲜空气使她两颊红润、精神焕发。
The moisturiser gave my face a healthy glow that lasted all day. 涂了润肤霜，我的脸一整天都红润亮泽。
The wine had brought a warm glow to her cheeks. 喝了葡萄酒后她的脸颊开始红润起来。

n. [C] 若干俱乐部、工会等联合起来所建立的一个组织机构，可称为联合会:
n. [U] 结成联合会:
n. 1 [C] 联邦、联邦制国家:
2 [U] 结成联邦:
federation |[ˌfedəˈreɪʃn]
the International Tennis Federation 国际网球联合会 
the International Federation of Football Clubs 国际足球联合会 
the British Athletic Federation 英国田径协会 
employers', labour, police（英）, trade-union federation 雇主联合会；劳工联合会；警察联合会；工会联合会 
They were now ready to create a national federation. 他们已准备好建立一个全国性的联合会。
The federation broke up in 1989. 该联合会于1989年解散。
a federation of over 3,000 organizations 一个有着3,000多个组织的联盟 
a member of a federation 联盟成员 
The organization emerged from a federation of six national agencies. 该组织由六个全国性机构联合而成。
He proposed a loose federation of local groups. 他提议当地的各个团体结成一个松散的联盟。
the Russian Federation 俄罗斯联邦 
the six republics in the federation 联邦中的六个共和国 
Many MPs are against federation in Europe. 许多议会议员反对欧洲结成联邦。

adj. [贬]（人）尤指通过欺骗别人来聪明地为自己获取利益的，如狡猾的、奸诈的:
n. [U] 狡猾、奸诈:
adj.（事物）灵巧的、巧妙的:
cunning |[ˈkʌnɪŋ]
a cunning liar 花言巧语的骗子 
He was as cunning as a fox. 他像狐狸一样狡猾。
These disturbed kids can be cunning. 这些心理不正常的孩子可能会很狡猾。
She used low cunning (= dishonest behaviour) to get what she wanted. 她用了卑鄙的欺诈手段来获取她想得到的东西。
one more example of the cunning of today's art thieves 当今艺术品盗贼手段狡猾的另一个例子 
He tackled the job with a great deal of imagination, skill and cunning. 他在工作中充分发挥其想象力、技能和聪明才智来解决各种难题。
animal cunning 动物的狡猾 
She relied on her native cunning to survive. 她依赖天生的机灵活了下来。
It took energy and cunning just to survive. 既要花力气又要有心计才能维持生存。
She had great cunning and ruthlessness. 她非常狡猾冷酷。
She managed him with great cunning. 她十分狡猾地控制着他。
It was a cunning piece of detective work. 那是一篇构思巧妙的侦探作品。
Mr Blair's cunning plan 布莱尔先生的妙计

n. [C] 感情的迸发、爆发:
n. [C]（正吹着的风中的）一阵强风:
vi.（风）突然变得极为猛烈:
gust |[gʌst]
a gust of laughter 一阵大笑声 
a small gust of pleasure 短暂的一阵欢喜
A gust of wind blew his hat off. 一阵狂风把他的帽子刮掉了。
The wind was blowing in gusts. 狂风阵阵刮着。
A gust of wind drove down the valley. 一阵狂风刮过山谷。
A hurricane-force gust blew off part of a church tower. 一阵飓风级强风掀掉了教堂塔楼的一角。
A car was blown off the road by a freak gust of wind.（freak为英式用法）汽车被一阵突如其来的大风吹下了公路。
The hurricane's wind gusts topped 110 miles an hour.（wind尤为美式用法）飓风的阵风时速高达110英里。
The wind came in great gusts off the Pacific. 从太平洋上刮来阵阵强风。
The wind gusted again. 风再次猛烈地刮了起来。
The wind gusted up to 164 miles an hour. 狂风大作，时速达164英里。

n. 1 [C] 日常事务、例行任务:
2 [C] 令人厌烦的任务、乏味无聊的活儿:
chore |[tʃɔ:(r)]
My husband and I both go out to work so we share the household chores. 我和丈夫都出去工作，所以我们家务活分摊。
It'll take me an hour to do the household chores. 做家务活儿要花我一个小时。
She let her husband manage the money while she handled other household chores. 她让丈夫管钱，自己负责其他家务事儿。
little, small chore 零碎的杂活儿 
daily, day-to-day, regular, routine chore 日常杂务；例行工作 
morning chore 早晨的家务活儿 
administrative, domestic, household chore 行政杂务；家里的杂活儿；家务活儿 
mundane, tedious chore 单调的杂务；乏味的杂务 
Shopping's a real chore for me. 对我来说，购物真是件苦差事。
She sees exercise primarily as an unavoidable chore. 她基本上把锻炼看作是不得不做的琐事。
Making pasta by hand with a rolling pin can be a real chore. 用擀面杖擀意大利面会是个非常枯燥乏味的活儿。

adj. 完全荒谬的，荒唐的；不合逻辑且不合常理的。相当于ridiculous:
n. [sing.] the absurd 可指荒诞（或看起来荒诞）的事物:
absurd |[əb'sə:d]
That uniform makes him look absurd. 他穿着那种制服看起来怪模怪样的。
an absurd idea 荒唐的想法 
His sense of the absurd kept him from becoming too solemn. 他的荒诞感使他不会过于严肃。
He has a good sense of the absurd. 他对荒诞事物有较强的识别能力。

vi.（价格、利润等）急剧上涨:
n. [C] ~ (in/of sth) 数量的急剧上涨:
vi. 使某人强烈感受到一种感情:
n. [C] ~ (of sth) 一种强烈感情的突然增强:
n. [C] ~ (of sth)大量的某事物:
vi.（人群）朝某个方向快速涌去:
n. [C] 汹涌的人潮:
vi.（电流）突然增大:
n. [C] 电流的突然增强，即电涌:
vi.（水）朝某个方向快速涌去:
n. [C]（风、水等）一阵突然的、强烈的向上或向前运动，即奔涌:
surge |[sɜ:dʒ;美sɜ:rdʒ]
Share prices surged. 股价猛涨。
The Freedom Party's electoral support surged from just under 10 per cent to nearly 17 per cent. 自由党的选举支持率从区区不到 10%骤升至近 17%。
Surging imports will add to the demand for hard currency. 进口激增将增加对硬通货的需求。
a dramatic surge in the demand 需求的激增 
a surge in consumer spending 消费开支的激增 
A last-minute surge in ticket sales saved the show from closure. 最后一刻门票销量的激增使演出免于流产。
After an initial surge of interest, there has been little call for our services. 过了开始的一阵新鲜劲后，对我们服务的需求就变得很小。
The anniversary is bound to bring a new surge of interest in Dylan's work. 该周年纪念肯定会再一次激发人们对迪伦作品的浓厚兴趣。
Specialists see various reasons for the recent surge in inflation. 专家们认为目前通货膨胀加剧有多种原因。
Panic surged through her. 她顿时惊慌失措。
Relief surged through her. 她顿觉宽慰。
Nausea surged in him and he retched violently. 他突然觉得恶心，猛烈地干呕起来。          
a sudden surge of adrenalin 一阵突如其来的兴奋 
He experienced a sudden surge of excitement. 他突然感到一阵兴奋。
His initial surge of euphoria was quickly followed by dismay. 他最初的一阵兴奋很快变为沮丧。
She felt a fresh surge of anger when he denied lying. 他否认撒谎时，她又感到一阵难以抑制的愤怒。
The mention of her name sent a surge of anger through me. 听到她的名字我就怒火中烧。
He was overcome by a sudden surge of jealousy. 他突然妒火中烧。
'It must be very difficult,' said Hunter, feeling a surge of embarrassment for Diane's predicament. “那肯定不好过，”亨特说，突然为黛安娜的困境感到很为难。
He thought of his old teacher with a surge of affection. 他满怀感情地回忆起昔日的老师。
A great surge of emotion swept through him. 一股强烈的情感传遍了他的全身。
After an initial surge of interest, there has been little call for our services. 过了开始的一阵新鲜劲后，对我们服务的需求就变得很小。
The anniversary is bound to bring a new surge of interest in Dylan's work. 该周年纪念肯定会再一次激发人们对迪伦作品的浓厚兴趣。
The gates opened and the crowd surged forward. 大门打开了，人群向前涌去。
The photographers and cameramen surged forward. 摄影师和摄像师们蜂拥上前。
the crowd surging out from the church 从教堂里涌出的人群 
Police struggled to control the sudden surge forward by the demonstrators. 警方奋力制止突然涌上前来的示威者。
Thousands of volts surged through his car after he careered into a lamp post, ripping out live wires. 他的车猛地撞到灯柱上，扯断了带电的电线，数千伏高压电流骤然通过车身。
power surge 电涌 
An electrical surge damaged the computer's disk drive. 电流浪涌损坏了计算机的磁盘驱动器。
Flood waters surged into their homes. 洪水涌进了他们的房子。
Fish and seaweed rose, caught motionless in the surging water. 鱼和海藻浮起来，在汹涌的水流中动弹不得。
The storm surge caused widespread flooding. 风暴潮造成大范围的洪灾。
In the year 1091, London Bridge was destroyed by a tidal surge during a storm. 伦敦大桥曾于 1091 年在一次暴风雨中被汹涌的潮水冲毁。
The whole car shuddered with an almost frightening surge of power. 油门猛然加大到几乎让人恐惧的程度，整个汽车剧烈震颤着。

n. 1 [U]（人或生物在危险情况下的）存活:
2 [C] survival (from sth) 幸存的事物，残存物:
相当于relic:
n. [U]（事物或人设法继续在困境中进行的）生存:
survival |[sə'vaɪvl]
If cancers are spotted early there’s a high chance of survival. 如果癌症早被发现，存活的机率就高。
survival skills, survival strategy 生存技能；生存策略 
survival guide, survival kit 生存指南；救生包 
survival instinct 求生本能 
Darwin’s theory of the survival of the fittest 达尔文的适者生存理论 
The ceremony is a survival from ancient Greek times. 这种仪式是从古希腊时期遗留下来的。
human, national survival 人类生存；民族生存 
The company has been struggling for survival. 这家公司一直在设法存活下去。
For the poorest people, life was merely a matter of survival. 对最贫穷的人来说，生活只是争取活命。
the struggle for survival against such well-armed enemies 与装备精良的敌人进行的生死之战 
his survival as leader 他的领导地位的维持 
Adaptability is essential to survival in a changing environment. 在多变的环境中，适应性对维持生存不可或缺。

vt. [正式]（使）激怒:
vt. [正式]（使）激动，引起强烈感情:
vt.&vi. [正式]（使）点燃、着火:
ignite |[ɪgˈnaɪt]
His words ignited their anger. 他的话引发了他们的怒火。
Tempers ignited when the whole family spent Christmas together. 全家凑到一起度圣诞节，大家心里都十分激动。
His words ignited their anger. 他的话引发了他们的怒火。
The recent fighting in the area could ignite regional passions far beyond the borders. 最近该地区的战斗可能激发边境以外整个地区的激动情绪。
There was one teacher who really ignited my interest in words. 曾经有一位老师真正激起了我对文字的兴趣。
Gas ignites very easily. 汽油易燃。
Flames melted a lead pipe and ignited leaking gas. 火焰熔化了一段铅管，燃着了漏出来的煤气。
The burning foam generates such heat that other items ignite spontaneously. 燃烧的泡沫材料产生很高的热量，致使其他物品发生自燃。
an explosive that is easily ignited 容易点燃的爆炸物 
The gunpowder sometimes fails to ignite. 火药有时候点不着。
