gigantic				巨大的
prospect						希望，景色，潜在客户，勘探
term						期限，术语，项，条款，付款，关系
refrain					副歌，忍住
equator				赤道
slam					砰一声关上，使劲扔，猛烈抨击
make a slam			得满贯
render								使成为，提供，描绘，翻译
whatever				任何事物，无论什么，丝毫
steer						驾驶，带领，引导，遵循
affection							喜爱，爱情
hold				握着，拥抱，扣留，持有，认为，举办
lull				间歇，使平静
invaluable				无法估价的
plagiarize		抄袭
acid									酸
mutual						相互的，共同的
publicity						媒体的关注，宣传
grate			磨碎，发出刮擦声，使人气愤
administer		管理，执行，施用
restrain			阻止，制止，抑制
martial			军事的
veil				面纱，掩饰物，遮掩
inflation					通货膨胀
previous						先前的
eclipse			日月食，黯然失色
scarcely					几乎不，根本不，刚一...就
platitude		陈词滥调
incentive						刺激，优惠
mire				泥潭，困境
dispel				驱散，消除
\\\\\\\\

adj.（尺寸、规模、数量、程度等）极大的、巨大的、庞大的:
gigantic |[dʒaɪˈgæntɪk]
gigantic rocks 巨石 
gigantic construction, gigantic house 巨大的建筑物；巨大的房子 
gigantic proportions 巨大的比例（或规模）
A gigantic task of national reconstruction awaits us. 重建国家的艰巨任务等待着我们去完成。

n. [C] ~ (for sth) 竞赛中的有望获胜者:
vi. ~ (for sth) 在一片区域内寻找黄金、矿物、石油等:
n. [C] [正式] 一片土地等的一个开阔景色:
n. 1 [sing.] ~ (of sth/of doing sth) 前景、展望、设想:
They now face the prospect of having to wear a cycling helmet by law. 他们现在面临的情形是:
2 [pl.] prospects (for/of sth) 成功的前景:
n. [pl.] prospects (for/of sth) 成功的机会:
~ (that…)（某事将要发生的）可能性:
prospect |[ˈprɒspekt;美ˈprɑ:s-]
She is one of Canada's best prospects for a gold medal. 她是加拿大最有希望夺金的选手之一。
a list of the hot new prospects on the literary scene 文坛上一连串炙手可热的新秀
Thousands moved to the area to prospect for gold. 数以千计的人涌入那个地区淘金。
He had prospected for minerals everywhere from the Gobi Desert to the Transvaal. 他已在从戈壁沙漠到德兰士瓦的无数地方勘探过矿藏。
In fact, the oil companies are already prospecting not far from here. 事实上，石油公司已经在离此不远处进行勘探。
to prospect for new clients（比喻用法）寻找新客户
a delightful prospect of the lake 令人心旷神怡的湖上风光
an exciting prospect 令人兴奋的前景 
I don't relish the prospect of having to share an office. 一想到将来要和别人共用一间办公室我就感到不快。
Travelling alone around the world is a daunting prospect. 想象着将要只身走遍世界颇令人心悸。
The prospect of becoming a father filled him with alarm. 一想到将为人父他就满怀忧思。
After supper he'd put his feet up and read. It was a pleasant prospect. 晚饭后，他会架起脚来看书。想起来就让人愉快。
future, long-term prospects前程；远景 
development, economic, growth prospects发展前景；经济前景；增长前景 
career, employment, job prospects职业前景；就业前景；工作前途 
survival prospects生存前景 
Their prospects of employment look better than last year. 他们的就业前景看起来好于去年。
At 25 he was an unemployed musician with no prospects. 25岁的他是个没有工作、前途渺茫的乐师。
Long-term prospects for the economy have improved. 长期的经济前景已有所改善。
I chose to work abroad to improve my career prospects. 我选择出国工作以求在事业上有更好的发展。
a detailed review of the company's prospects 对该公司前景的详细考查
promotion prospects（尤英）（美式通常用prospects for promotion）晋升机会 
election, electoral, re-election prospect 获选的机会；重新当选的机会 
This position offers excellent promotion prospects. 这一职位有极好的晋升机会。
Getting the right qualifications will enhance your employment prospects. 取得一些适当的资格证明将大大提高你的就业机会。
What are the prospects of promotion in this job? 做这份工作有多少晋升的机会？
There is no immediate prospect of peace. 短期内没有和平的可能。
A place in the semi-finals is in prospect (= likely to happen). 可望争得半决赛权。
There's a reasonable prospect that his debts will be paid. 有理由相信他会偿还债务的。
Unfortunately, there is little prospect of seeing these big questions answered. 不幸的是，几乎不可能看到这些重大问题得到回复。
The prospects for peace in the country's eight-year civil war are becoming brighter. 该国经历八年内战之后重归和平的前景正逐渐变得光明。
Major developments are in prospect for the company. 公司可望有大的发展。
There is little prospect of any improvement in the weather. 天气几乎没有好转的可能。           

n. [C] 作为某事物名字的词或短语，尤指某种语言中的术语，用语:
vt. 用某个名字或词语来描述…，即把…称作:
This material is variously termed ash, clinker, cinders or slag. 这种材料有多种叫法:
n. 1 [C] 某事持续的一段时间，一段固定或有限的时间，即期，期限，任期等:
2 [sing.] 正式用法，指到期，期满，尤指协议等的到期:
n. [C] 数列、方程等的项:
n. [C] 某种用语、说法:
n. [C, U] [尤英，美也用trimester] 学校中一年的三个学期之一:
n. [C, pl.] terms 可表示协议、条约等的条款:
term |[tə:m]
specific, descriptive, common, technical term 特定用语；描述性术语；常用术语；专业术语 
basic, key term 基本术语；关键术语 
derogatory, pejorative term 贬称；蔑称 
legal, medical, musical term 法律术语；医学术语；音乐术语 
The term ‘acid rain’ was coined in the 19th century.“酸雨”这个术语是19世纪创造出来的。
I think we can apply the term ‘genius’ to the painter. 我想我们可以称这位画家为“天才”。
At his age, he can hardly be termed a young man. 到了这个年纪，他称不上是年轻人了。
His condition would be more accurately termed as ‘chronic fatigue’. 更准确地说，他的病叫做“慢性疲劳”。
jail, prison term 服刑期 
The contract was for a fixed term of five years. 合同为五年固定期限。
presidential term 总统任期 
In the long term, our efforts will pay off. 从长远来看，我们的努力会得到回报。
Her baby was born at term. 她的宝宝足月降生了。
the term of the loan 贷款期限 
His life had reached its natural term. 他已尽其天年。
colloquial, slang term 口语说法；俚语说法 
a term of abuse, a term of endearment 骂人的字眼；亲昵的说法 
ambiguous, vague term 模棱两可的用语；模糊的用语 
mild, strong term 温和的措辞；强硬的措辞 
glowing terms 热情洋溢的措辞 
I let them know in no uncertain terms how disappointed I was. 我明确地让他们知道我是多么失望。 
college, school, university（英）term 学院的学期；学校的学期；大学的学期 
spring term 春季学期 
term paper（美）学期论文
the terms of the agreement 该协议的各项条款 
terms and conditions 条款 
contract, credit, peace term 合同条款；信贷条款；和平条款 
to set the terms of the debate 设定辩论的规则 
under the terms of the alliance 根据盟约规定 
The dispute was resolved on amicable terms. 争端在友好的气氛中得以解决。

vi. [正式] ~ (from sth/from doing sth) 克制、节制、忍住、避免自己做某事（尤指自己想做的事）:
n. [C] 经常重复的评价（或抱怨）:
n. [C]（歌曲的）副歌:
n. [C]（诗歌的）迭句:
refrain |[rɪˈfreɪn]
Please refrain from smoking. 请勿吸烟。
He has refrained from criticizing the government in public. 他克制住了自己，没有在公开场合批评政府。
Mrs Hardie refrained from making any comment. 哈迪夫人忍住不作任何评论。
He deliberately refrained from expressing his opinion on the matter. 他刻意避免就这一问题发表看法。
He appealed to all factions to refrain from violence. 他呼吁所有派系避免使用暴力。
Priscilla could barely refrain from clapping her hands together. 普丽西拉几乎忍不住要随着一起拍手了。
I refrained from laughing. 我忍住不笑。
Complaints about poor food in schools have become a familiar refrain. 抱怨学校饭菜差已是耳熟能详的老调了。
Rosa's constant refrain is that she doesn't have a life. 罗莎总是重复的一句话就是她没有像样的生活。
Can you remember how the refrain goes? 你能记起那句老话是怎么说的吗?
a refrain from an old song 一首老歌的副歌部分 
The choir's sopranos took up the refrain. 合唱队的女高音开始唱副歌部分。

n. [sing.]（通常用the equator）赤道:
equator |[ɪˈkweɪtə(r)]
Rainforests occur around the equator. 雨林出现在赤道周围。
The sun heats the sea more at the equator than at the poles. 太阳使赤道附近的海水温度高于极地附近的水温。
in an area near the equator 在赤道附近的一个地区 
The lake lies exactly on the equator. 这湖正好位于赤道上。
The island is just 80 miles north of the equator. 该岛在赤道以北仅80英里处。

vt.（尤用于报章）猛烈抨击（某人或某事）:
vt. 将某事物用力一放（至某个位置上）:
vt.&vi.（使…）砰地关上（即用力且大声地关上）:
n. [C, usually sing.] 猛关；也可指猛关的声音:
vt. 将某事物使劲一推（至某个位置上）:
n. [C, usually sing.] 猛推；也可指猛推的声音:
vt. 猛烈撞击、使劲一扔（至某个位置上）:
n. [C, usually sing.] 猛摔；猛撞；也可指猛摔、猛撞的声音:
vt. 心脏猛跳:
vt. 猛踢射门:
n. [C, usually sing.] 猛踢射门；也可指猛踢射门的声音:
slam |[slæm]
The famed film-maker slammed the claims as 'an outrageous lie'. 这位大名鼎鼎的电影制片人声色俱厉地抨击了这些说法，称之为“无耻的谎言”。
Britain has been slammed by the United Nations for having one of the worst race relations records in the world. 由于在处理种族关系方面的表现位列全世界最糟糕的国家之一，英国遭到了联合国的严厉批评。
She slammed down the phone angrily. 她气呼呼地啪的一声挂断电话。
I heard the door slam behind him. 我听见他随手砰地把门关上了。
She slammed the door and locked it behind her. 她砰的一下关上门，随手锁上了。
She ran out of the room and slammed the door as hard as she could. 她跑出房间，用尽全身力气砰地关上了门。
He loudly slammed the door behind him. 他砰的一声关上门走了。
A window slammed shut in the wind. 风吹得一扇窗户咣地关上了。
He stormed out of the house, slamming the door as he left. 他怒气冲冲地从房子里出来，随手把门砰地关上。
She slammed the lid shut. 她砰的一声盖上盖子。
She gave the door a good hard slam. 她使劲一推，门砰的一声关上了。
He slammed on the brakes to avoid hitting another car. 他猛踩刹车，以免撞上另一辆车。
The plane slammed into the building after losing an engine shortly after take-off. 飞机起飞之后不久，就有一个引擎出现故障，随即便一头撞上了大楼。
The car skidded and slammed into a tree. 汽车失控打滑，猛地撞到了一棵树上。
He repeatedly slammed the man's head against the wall 他一次又一次把那个男子的头往墙上猛撞。
He slammed me against the ground. 他把我狠狠地摔在了地上。
Kath's heart slammed against her ribs.卡思的心咚咚地跳着。
Kath's heart slammed against her ribs. 卡思的心咚咚地跳着。
He slammed home the penalty for goal number two. 他一脚猛射，罚进了第二粒点球。

provide or give (a service, help, etc.):提供或给予（服务、帮助等）
submit or present for inspection or consideration:提交或提交以供检查或考虑
deliver (a verdict or judgement):deliver（判决或判决）
give up; surrender:放弃；26
cause to be or become; make:导致成为或成为；13
represent or depict artistically:代表或描绘艺术
perform (a piece of music):perform（一段音乐）
translate:翻译
process (an outline image) using colour and shading in order to make it appear solid and three-dimensional:process（轮廓图像）使用颜色和阴影以使其显得立体和立体
covertly send (a foreign criminal or terrorist suspect) for interrogation abroad; subject to extraordinary rendition.:将（外国犯罪嫌疑人、恐怖分子嫌疑人）秘密送至国外讯问；制作
melt down (fat) in order to clarify it:
process (the carcass of an animal) in order to extract proteins, fats, and other usable parts:process（动物尸体）以提取蛋白质、脂肪和其他可用部分
cover (stone or brick) with a coat of plaster:
a first coat of plaster applied to a brick or stone surface.:在砖或石头表面涂上第一层石膏。
render |ˈrɛndə| Noun/Verb/:使成为,渲染,呈现
money serves as a reward for services rendered:money作为对所提供服务的奖励
he would render income tax returns at the end of the year:he会在年底提交所得税申报表
the jury's finding amounted to the clearest verdict yet rendered upon the scandal:陪审团的调查结果是迄今为止对丑闻做出的最明确的裁决
he will render up his immortal soul:他将献出他不朽的灵魂
the rains rendered his escape impossible:therains使他无法逃脱
the eyes and the cheeks are exceptionally well rendered:眼睛和脸颊渲染得特别好
a soprano solo reverently rendered by Linda Howie:LindaHowie虔诚演绎的女高音独奏
the phrase was rendered into English:这句话被翻译成了英文
he is forced to render images by intermixing pixels of a few basic colours:he被迫通过混合几种基本颜色的像素来渲染图像
the fat was being cut up and rendered for lard:脂肪被切碎并提炼成猪油
animal carcasses were rendered to provide a protein supplement:animal尸体被提炼以提供蛋白质补充剂
external walls will be rendered and tiled:外墙将被渲染和平铺

det., pron. 任何一，每一；任何事物，一切事物:
det., pron. 用于疑问句，表示惊讶，即到底是什么，究竟是什么:
det., pron. 用于疑问句，表示困惑，即到底是什么，究竟是什么:
adv. [非正式] 用于说明不管某人做什么或发生什么，都不要紧，因为结果都将一样，即不管发生什么:
det., pron. 表示无论某人做什么或无论发生什么事都没有关系，因为结果都一样:
adv. no, nothing, none, etc. whatever（也可用whatsoever）表示一点儿也不，丝毫不:
adv. no, nothing, none, etc. whatever（也可用whatsoever）表示什么都没有:
det., pron. [非正式] 用于表示你不介意自己做…（或拥有…等），且什么都可以接受，即什么都可以:
det., pron. [非正式，讽刺] 用于回应别人，告诉其你不在乎发生什么或你对其所说的话不感兴趣，即无所谓，或许吧:
whatever |[wɒt'evə]
Take whatever action is needed. 采取任何必要的行动。
Do whatever you like. 你喜欢做什么就做什么。
Whatever do you mean? 你究竟是什么意思？
Whatever do you mean? 你究竟是什么意思？
Chocolate-flavoured carrots! Whatever next? 巧克力味的胡萝卜！接下来到底还想吃什么？
We told him we’d back him whatever. 我们告诉他，在任何情况下我们都会支持他。
You have our support, whatever you decide. 不管你做何决定，我们都会支持你的。
They received no help whatever. 他们没有得到一丁点儿帮助。
‘Is there any doubt about it?’ ‘None whatsoever.’ “对此有怀疑吗？”“丝毫没有。”
‘What would you like to do today?’ ‘Whatever.’ “今天你想做什么呢？”“做什么都可以。”
‘You should try a herbal remedy.’ ‘Yeah, whatever.’ “你应该试一试草药疗法。”“是啊，或许吧。”

vt. 操控局势，或影响局势的发展方向:
n. [C] 饲养以供食用的被阉割的公牛:
vt. 操控局势，或影响局势的发展方向:
vt.&vi. 在驾驶船的过程中控制其方向:
vt.&vi. 船朝某个方向行驶:
vt.&vi. 在驾驶汽车等的过程中控制其方向:
vt.&vi. 汽车等朝某个方向行驶:
vt. 引导或带领某人去某地:
steer |[stɪə(r);美stɪr]
He managed to steer the conversation away from his divorce. 他设法把话题从他离婚一事上引开。
She steered the team to victory. 她率领全队取得胜利。
The new government is seen as one that will steer the country in the right direction. 新政府被认为能将国家引向正确的方向。
I think you are perfectly correct in trying to steer your mother towards increased independence. 我认为你试图引导你母亲变得更加独立是完全正确的。
In nearly all these issues the British steered a middle course. 英国人几乎在所有这些问题上都选择了中间路线。
The skill is in steering a middle course between the two extremes. 本领就在于避开这两个极端，走中间路线。
Prime Minister Hun Sen has sought to steer a course between the two groups. 洪森首相设法游走于两个集团之间。
The new government is seen as one that will steer the country in the right direction. 新政府被认为能将国家引向正确的方向。
Prime Minister Hun Sen has sought to steer a course between the two groups. 洪森首相设法游走于两个集团之间。
He steered the boat into the harbour. 他把船开进港。
What is it like to steer a ship this size? 驾驶这么大的船感觉怎么样？
You row and I'll steer. 你划桨，我来掌舵。
The ship steered a course between the islands. 船在岛屿之间穿行。
The ship steered into port. 船驶进港口。
When I was a kid, about six or seven, she would often let me steer the car along our driveway. 在我小时候，大概六七岁时，她经常让我在自家的车道上开车。
Nick steered them into the nearest seats. 尼克将他们领到最近的座位上。
He took her arm and steered her towards the door. 他抓住她的胳膊，把她带往门口。

n. 1 [U, sing.] affection (for sb/sth) 非常喜欢（或热爱）某人（或某事物）并对其表示关心，可称为关爱、关怀等:
2 [pl.] [正式] affections 一个人所怀有的爱恋之情:
affection |[ə'fekʃn]
Mr Darcy’s affection for his sister 达西先生对他妹妹的关爱之情 
Children need lots of love and affection. 孩子需要多多疼爱和关怀。
She had developed a real affection for him. 她逐渐对他产生了真爱。
He didn’t show his wife any affection. 他没有向妻子表示一点爱。
The teacher showed affection to all her students. 这位老师对她所有的学生都充满了爱。
She was held in deep affection by all her students. 她的学生都十分爱戴她。
I have a great affection for New York. 我很喜欢纽约。
He has a great affection for animals. 他非常喜爱动物。
Anne had two men trying to win her affections. 安妮有两个男人追求。
The object of his affections was a singer. 他的意中人是个歌手。

vt. 保持住某人的注意力或兴趣:
vt. 与office，power和responsibility等词连用，可表示担任（职务）；掌握（权力）；承担（责任）等。强调一种长期处于某一职位的状态，而非短期性的“填充职位”的动作:
n. [sing.] hold (on/over sb/sth) 可指对…的影响；左右力；控制等:
vt. [正式] 认为…是真的:
vt. 用于告诉某人停止做某事或不要去做某事:
vt.（有足够的空间来）容纳或包含:
vt. hold someone responsible/liable/accountable for sth 可指让某人为某事承担责任:
vt. 支撑…的重量:
n. [C] 攀登时可用于手攀或脚踏的地方，其作用在于作为一个支撑点:
vt. 1（用手或胳膊等）拿着；抓住；抱住；托住等（总之掌控在手或胳膊等部位里）。表示一种持续的状态，而非瞬间的动作:
2 用手按住或捂住、抱住身体部位（常由于该部位已受伤）:
n. [sing., U]（常指用手所进行的）抓；握；拿；支撑等:
vi. 置于offer或invitation之后，可表示（报价或邀请）有效:
vt.＆vi. [正式] 遵守（诺言或高尚的行为准则）；使…恪守（诺言或高尚的行为准则）:
vt. 召开（会议）、举行（比赛、选举、审判、聚会、会谈）、进行（对话、访谈、磋商、讨论）等。是此义的一个常规用词:
vt. 1 拥有；持有。如与permit，degree或ticket等词连用，表示持有许可证、学位证、票据等；或与shares或stock等词连用表示持有股份、股票等:
2 对…怀有或持有某种信念或看法:
3 与fear或mystery等词搭配，可表示某人拥有倾向于某种特质（如可怕、神秘等）的感情:
vt. 1 使…保持在某个姿势或位置:
2 保持…处于同样的程度、比率、速度等:
3 拥有所获得或达到的…，一般可叫保持:
vi. 1 仍然坚固、安全或仍然在某一位置:
2（常指好的状态）保持不变:
vt. 后接train或lift等词时，hold可表示延迟或推迟。一般为主动推迟，是一个简单用词:
vt. 保存或存贮…（使其以后可以使用）:
vt.＆vi.（打电话时）等待，不挂断:
vt. 代接电话并记录下对方留言（以转交给对方所要与之通话的人）:
vt. 保存或存贮…（使其以后可以使用）:
n. [C] 体育运动（尤指摔跤、格斗）中的持；握；抓；抱；擒拿法等:
vt. 音乐中可指持续发出声音或音符，即延长或继续唱（某个音符）:
vt. 守卫…（使其免受攻击）；控制…；占据…（如军队或暴力团体用武力控制一个地方）:
vt. 监禁，拘留，扣押。是一个静态过程，而非“逮捕”那种动态过程:
vi.（法律、法规等）有效:
vt.（船）保持行驶在某一航线上:
n. [C]（飞机上用于装载和运输货物的）货仓:
vt.（飞机）保持行驶在某一航线上:
vt.（机动车）平稳行驶，尤指高速时平稳行驶:
n. [C]（船上用于装载和运输货物的）货仓:
vi. (论点、理论等) 站得住脚:
hold |[həʊld][həʊld]
to hold my attention 让我感兴趣
How long has he held office? 他任职有多久了？
What she knew about his past gave her a hold over him. 她知道他的过去，所以能够控制他。
He struggled to get a hold of his anger. 他竭力压制自己的怒火。
He had ordered his officers to keep an exceptionally firm hold over their men. 他已经命令军官们要对他们的下属保持极为严格的控制。
He still has a firm hold on the party. 他仍然牢牢地控制着该党。
This had weakened his hold on power. 此举削弱了他手中的权力。
The allies lost their hold on the south of the country. 盟军丧失了对该国南部的控制。
to break the hold of the Church 冲破教会的控制
I still hold that the government’s economic policies are mistaken. 我仍然认为政府的经济政策是错误的。
These vases are held to be the finest examples of Greek art. 这些花瓶被视为希腊艺术的最佳典范。
Current thinking holds that obesity is more a medical than a psychological problem. 现代观点认为肥胖更多是生理问题而不是心理问题。
Hold your fire! 别开枪！
Hold the front page! 把头版暂时空着！
Give me a hot dog, but hold the mustard.（美）（非正式用法）给我来份热狗，但别加芥末。
This barrel holds 25 litres. 这只桶能盛25升。
The plane holds about 300 passengers. 这架飞机可容纳大约300名乘客。
One CD-ROM disk can hold over 100 000 pages of text. 一张CD光盘能容纳10万多页的文字资料。
It’s impossible to hold any individual responsible. 不可能让任何个人承担责任。
I don’t think that branch will hold your weight. 我觉得那根树枝撑不住你的重量。
How long would the roof hold? 这屋顶还能支撑多久？ 
She was holding a large box. 她提着一只大箱子。
I held the mouse by its tail. 我抓着耗子的尾巴倒提起来。
The girl held her father’s hand tightly. 女孩紧紧地拉着她父亲的手。
He was holding the baby in his arms. 他抱着婴儿。
The winning captain held the trophy in the air. 获胜队的队长把奖杯高举到空中。
The lovers held each other close. 这对恋人紧紧相拥。
Hold the knife at an angle. 斜握着刀。
He then held the man in an armlock until police arrived. 然后他反扭手臂将那人按住，直到警察赶来。
She groaned and held her head. 她呻吟着，用手抱住头。
Soon she was crying bitterly about the pain and was holding her throat. 不一会儿她就疼得捂着喉咙哭了。
She tried to keep hold of the child’s hand. 她尽力拉住那孩子的手不放。
Make sure you’ve got a steady hold on the camera. 一定要拿稳相机。
Take hold of the handle and give it a hard pull. 握住把手，用力拉。
He lost his hold on the rock and was swept away by the tide. 他没有抓住岩石，被潮水卷走了。
Does your offer still hold? 你的报价仍然有效吗？
to hold to a promise, to hold to a commitment 恪守承诺 
to hold to high standards of behaviour 恪守高尚的行为准则 
“I won’t make you marry him.”--“I’ll hold you to that.” “我不会让你嫁给他的。”——“我要你保证说话算话。”
to hold a meeting, to hold a conversation, to hold an election 举行会议；进行交谈；举行选举 
The prime minister is holding consultations with his colleagues to finalize the deal. 首相正和他的同僚们进行磋商，以最终敲定这项协议。
Applicants should normally hold a good degree. 申请人通常应拥有优秀学位。
He did not hold a firearms licence. 他没有持枪许可证。
Employees hold 30% of the shares. 雇员持有30%的股份。
He holds strange views on education. 他对教育的看法不同寻常。
She is held in high regard by her students. 学生对她评价很高。
deeply held religious beliefs 深深秉持的宗教信仰 
Death doesn’t hold any fear for me. 死亡对我来说没什么可怕的。
Hold your head up. 抬起头来。
Hold this position for a count of 10. 保持这个姿势别动，数到10。
I’ll hold the door open for you. 我会把门给你开着的。
The wood is held in position by a clamp. 这木头用夹钳固定住了。
Hold your speed at 70. 保持70迈的速度。
to hold the world record 保持世界纪录 
She held the title of world champion for three years. 她保持了三年的世界冠军头衔。
They were afraid the dam wouldn’t hold. 他们担心大坝会溃堤。
How long will the fine weather hold? 好天气会持续多久？
Our luck couldn’t hold forever. 我们的好运不可能永远保持不变。
to hold the train 延迟火车发车
records held on computer 存在计算机中的记录 
Our solicitor holds our wills. 律师保存着我们的遗嘱。
We can hold your reservation for three days. 您的预订我们可以为您保留三天。
Two knife racks hold her favourite knives. 两个刀架上放着她最喜爱的刀。
That extension is busy right now. Can you hold? 分机现在占线。您能等一会吗？
Could you hold the line and I’ll just get my pen. 请别挂断，我去拿支笔，好吗？
He tells his secretary to hold his calls for him. 他让他的秘书为其代接电话。
records held on computer 存在计算机中的记录 
Our solicitor holds our wills. 律师保存着我们的遗嘱。
We can hold your reservation for three days. 您的预订我们可以为您保留三天。
Two knife racks hold her favourite knives. 两个刀架上放着她最喜爱的刀。
He put his opponent into a head hold. 他给对手来了个头部擒拿。
to hit and hold every note 持续唱出每个音符
The rebels held the radio station. 叛乱者占领了电台。
Demonstrators have been holding the square since Sunday. 自星期天以来，示威者们一直占据着广场。
Police are holding two men in connection with last Thursday’s bank raid. 警方拘留了两名与上星期四的银行抢劫案有关的男子。
He was held prisoner for two years. 他被囚禁了两年。
to hold a kidnap victim 扣押被绑架者 
Somebody is holding your child hostage. 有人在扣留你的孩子当人质。
These laws also hold for universities. 这些法律同样适用于大学。
cargo hold 货舱
Most people think that argument no longer holds. 大多数人认为这个论点不再站得住脚。

vi. ~ into sth 使某人在危险处境中产生一种虚假的安全感:
vt.&vi.（使）某事物变得不强烈，如（使）减弱、缓和:
n. [usually sing.] ~ (in sth) 活动期间的一段平静时间、间歇:
vt. 使某人放松且平静，使某人昏昏欲睡:
lull |[lʌl]
It is easy to be lulled into a false sense of security. 很容易就会被麻痹，进而产生一种虚假的安全感。
I had been lulled into thinking the publicity would be a trivial matter. 我错误地相信了媒体的报道只是小事一桩。
His father's arrival lulled the boy's anxiety. 男孩在他父亲来了后便不那么焦躁不安了。           
a lull in the conversation 谈话中的一时沉寂 
a brief lull in the fighting 战斗的短暂间歇期 
Just before an attack everything would go quiet but we knew it was just the lull before the storm (= before a time of noise or trouble). 就在攻击开始前一切都变得沉寂，我们知道这只是风暴前的平静。
There was a lull in political violence after the election of the current president. 现任总统当选之后，政治暴力进入了一段暂时的平静期。
Has your fitness routine hit a lull?（美）你那套健康计划还没停歇吗？
They crossed the road during a lull in the traffic. 他们趁车辆不多时穿过马路。
The vibration of the engine lulled the children to sleep. 发动机的颤动使得孩子们睡着了。
With the shutters half-closed and the calm airy height of the room to lull me, I soon fell into a doze. 半掩的百叶窗和宁静、通风的高大房间催我入睡，我很快便打起盹来。
The swish of the tyres lulled him into a light doze. 车轮呼呼地转着，他不一会儿便打起瞌睡来。

~ (in sth) 极有用的；非常宝贵的:
invaluable |[ɪnˈvæljuəbl]
adj. ~ (to/for sb/sth) 
invaluable information 宝贵的信息 
I was able to gain invaluable experience over that year. 在那一年里我有幸获得了非常宝贵的经验。
The research should prove invaluable in the study of linguistics. 该调查研究在语言学研究领域的重要性应该会得到证实。
The book will be invaluable for students in higher education. 这本书对于高校学生将有重大价值。
The research should prove invaluable in the study of children's language. 这项调查对于儿童语言的研究将极有价值。
His knowledge of the area made him invaluable. 该领域的熟悉使他成了无价之宝。
You will find their help absolutely invaluable. 你会发现他们的帮助绝对极为有用。
This technology is invaluable for students with poor sight. 这项技术对视力不好的学生来说极有价值。
Your support has been invaluable to us. 您的支持对我们来说极为宝贵。

vt.&vi. [贬] 剽窃、抄袭别人的想法、观点、文字或作品:
plagiarize |[ˈpleɪdʒəraɪz]
He was accused of plagiarizing his colleague's results. 他被指控剽窃同事的成果。
Moderates are plagiarizing his ideas in hopes of wooing voters. 温和派为讨好选民在盗用他的观点。
The poem employs as its first lines a verse plagiarized from a billboard. 这首诗开头的几行抄袭了一个广告牌上的一节诗。

adj.（人的言辞）尖酸刻薄的:
adj. 酸味的，相当于sour:
n. [U, C] 化学中可指酸:
adj. [术语] 含有酸的；有酸的基本特征的；酸性的（PH小于7的）:
n. [U] 毒品。非正式用法，指LSD（全称Lysergic acid diethylamide，即“麦角酸二乙基酰胺”，简称“麦角二乙胺”），是一种强烈的致幻剂，或称迷幻药:
acid |['æsɪd]
an acid wit 尖刻的俏皮话
acid fruit 酸水果
strong acid 强酸 
acetic acid 醋酸 
citric acid 柠檬酸 
folic acid 叶酸 
hydro-chloric acid 盐酸 
lactic acid 乳酸 
nitric acid 硝酸 
sulphuric/sulfuric acid 硫酸 
amino acid 氨基酸 
nucleic acid 核酸 
fatty acid 脂肪酸 
stomach acid 胃酸 
acid soils 酸性土壤
They smoke joints and drop acid. 他们抽大麻烟卷，吸食迷幻药。

(of a feeling or action) experienced or done by each of two or more parties towards the other or others:（一种感觉或行为）两方或多方中的每一方对另一方或其他方所经历或所做的
(of two or more people) having the same specified relationship to each other:（两个或更多人）彼此具有相同的指定关系
held in common by two or more parties:由两方或多方共同持有
denoting a building society or insurance company owned by its members and dividing some or all of its profits between them:表示其成员拥有的建筑协会或保险公司，并在它们之间分配部分或全部利润
a mutual building society or insurance company:互助建筑协会或保险公司
mutual |ˈmjuːtʃʊəl| Adjective/Noun/:相互的,相互,互,互相,互相的
a partnership based on mutual respect and understanding:基于相互尊重和理解的伙伴关系
they cooperated as potentially mutual beneficiaries of the settlement:他们作为和解的潜在共同受益人进行合作
we were introduced by a mutual friend:我们是由共同的朋友介绍的
Scottish Amicable may switch from mutual to plc status:ScottishAmicable可能会从相互转换为plc状态
life insurance firms are mutuals, owned by their policyholders:life保险公司是互惠的，由其保单持有人所有

n. [U] 媒体的报道:
n. [U] 媒体的宣传工作:
n. [U]（媒体或公众的）关注:
publicity |[pʌbˈlɪsəti]
adverse publicity 反面的报道 
There has been a great deal of publicity surrounding his disappearance. 他的失踪已为传媒广泛报道。
There was a lot of negative publicity surrounding the movie. 这部电影有许多负面宣传。
There has been a lot of negative publicity about the hospital. 对该医院有许多不利的报道。
Taking part in the event will be good publicity for our school. 参加这一活动将是对我们学校的良好宣传。
The company had received bad publicity over a defective product. 该公司因为有一种劣质产品而受到媒体攻击。
The movie stars were married amid a blaze of publicity.（blaze尤为英式用法）这对电影明星的婚事受到大肆报道。
The chairman resigned in a storm of publicity over the bonus payments.董事长在有关奖金数额的媒体风暴中辞职。
She works in publicity. 她从事宣传工作。
advance publicity 前期宣传 
There have been months of advance publicity for the show. 演出的前期宣传已持续了好几个月。
There has been a lot of advance publicity for her new film. 她的新电影尚未上映即大加宣传。
Much advance publicity was given to the talks. 对于这次会谈有很多前期报道。
publicity material, publicity photograph, publicity shot 宣传材料；宣传照片 
He's better-looking in his publicity shots than he is in real life. 宣传照片上的他比在现实生活中的好看。
publicity campaign 宣传攻势 
publicity stunt 宣传噱头 
The actress denied that her marriage was just a publicity stunt. 这名女演员否认自己的婚姻只是一个宣传噱头。
The band dressed up as the Beatles as a publicity stunt. 乐队扮作披头士乐队作为宣传噱头。
publicity agent, publicity department, publicity officer（英）宣传代理人；宣传部门；宣传干事 
The record company's publicity machine was working fat out.（machine为比喻用法）唱片公司的宣传机器正在全速运转。
I read some publicity about vaccinations while waiting my turn at the doctor's. 在医生那儿候诊时，我读了一些关于接种疫苗的宣传。
The trial took place amid a blaze of (= a lot of) publicity. 审讯在全面曝光的情况下进行。
The case has generated enormous publicity in Brazil. 这个案件已经在巴西引起了极大的关注。
the renewed publicity over the Casey affair 对凯西事件的再次关注 
The papers have begun to give greater publicity to the campaign against GM food. 报纸已开始更多地关注反对转基因食品的运动。
The release of the report was timed to generate maximum publicity. 该报告的发表是算准了时机要最大限度地引起公众的关注。
He carried on his life in the full glare of publicity. 他完全生活在众目睽睽之下，毫无隐私可言。

vi. ~ (on/with sb) 使人恼火，使人烦躁；使人烦恼:
vt.&vi.（使）（两个表面相互摩擦而）发出刺耳的声音；某人抵着…摩擦…:
n. [C] [美] 下水道盖子上的金属框架或金属栅。相当于英式英语的drain:
vt.（用磨碎器）擦碎，磨碎（食物）:
n. [C] [美] 下水道盖子上的金属框架或金属栅。相当于英式英语的drain:
n. [C] 壁炉的金属炉栅（用于拢住煤炭或木柴）:
grate |[greɪt]
Her voice really grates on me. 她的声音真刺耳。
His manner always grated on me. 他的态度总是让我感到气恼。
What truly grates is the painful banter. 最让人气愤的是那个令人难堪的玩笑。
It grated with him when people implied he wasn't really British. 当有人暗示他不是地道的英国人时，他很是恼火。
The rusty hinges grated as the gate swung back. 大门荡了回去，生锈的铰链发出嘎吱嘎吱的刺耳声。
He grated his knife across the plate. 他用刀子划过盘子时发出刺耳的声音。
His chair grated as he got to his feet. 他起身时椅子发出吱吱嘎嘎的声音。
The gun barrel grated against the floor. 枪管拖在地上发出刺耳的声音。
grated apple, grated carrot 擦成细丝的苹果；擦成细丝的胡萝卜 
Sprinkle the top of the dish with some finely grated cheese. 在菜肴上撒一些磨得碎碎的干酪。
Grate the cheese into a mixing bowl. 将干酪磨碎放进搅拌碗中。
a teaspoon of freshly grated nutmeg 一茶匙刚磨好的肉豆蔻
A wood fire burned in the grate. 木柴在炉栅中燃烧着。

vt. [常用被动式] 管理（公司、组织、机构等）；治理（国家等）:
vt.（公正且正确地）执行（法律、考核等）:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (to sb)（尤指正式地）给予、提供:
vt. [正式] ~ a kick, a punch, etc. (to sb/sth)（对某人或某事物）给予踢或击打，即给以（一拳或一脚）:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (to sb) 下毒:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (to sb) 给予或施用（药物等）:
administer |[ədˈmɪnɪstə(r)]
to administer a charity, to administer a fund, to administer a school 管理一家慈善机构；管理一项基金；管理一所学校 
The pension funds are administered by commercial banks. 养老基金由商业银行经管。
The plan calls for the UN to administer the country until elections can be held. 该方案呼吁联合国来管理该国，直到能进行选举为止。
The legislation was to be centrally administered by the Board of Education. 立法将由教育委员会统一管理。
to administer justice, to administer a the law 司法；执法 
We hope that they're going to administer justice impartially. 我们希望他们能主持正义，不偏不倚。
The questionnaire was administered by trained interviewers. 问卷调查是由经过训练的采访人员负责执行的。
The teacher has the authority to administer punishment. 老师有权处罚。
He administered a severe blow to his opponent's head. 他朝着对手的头部狠狠打了一拳。
He is shown in the tape of the beating as administering most of the blows. 录像显示在斗殴中他打得最凶。
Police believe his wife could not have administered the poison. 警方认为他的妻子是不可能下毒的。
The dose was administered to the child intravenously. 已给那孩子静脉注射了这一剂量。
Paramedics are trained to administer certain drugs. 护理人员们接受了配发某些药物的培训。

vt. ~ yourself (from sth/from doing sth) 约束、控制（自己的感情、情绪、想去做某事的冲动）:
vt. ~ sb/sth (from sth/from doing sth)（尤指通过武力）制止、阻止:
vt. 控制、抑制…的增长（以防止其变得太大）:
vt. ~ yourself (from sth/from doing sth) 约束、控制（自己的感情、情绪、想去做某事的冲动）:
restrain |[rɪˈstreɪn]
John managed to restrain his anger. 约翰努力压制住自己的怒气。
She had to restrain herself from crying out in pain. 她只得忍住疼痛，不哭出来。
Unable to restrain herself, she rose and went to the phone. 她没能克制住自己，起身走向电话。
I barely restrained myself from hitting him. 我勉强控制住自己，没有打他。
He restrained himself from shouting at her. 他控制住自己，没对她大吼大叫。
She could not restrain a flash of pride. 她不禁感到一阵自豪。
The prisoner had to be restrained by the police. 警察只好强行制住囚犯。
They have obtained an injunction restraining the company from selling the product. 他们已经得到阻止这家公司出售这一产品的禁销令。
He placed a restraining hand on her arm. 他拉住她的胳膊制止她。
Wally gripped my arm, partly to restrain me and partly to reassure me. 沃利抓住我的手臂，一是想制止我，二是想稳住我。
The horse must be properly restrained in a location where it would not hurt itself. 必须把马妥善关好，让它不能伤着自己。
She had to be physically restrained. 她不得不被绑了起来。          
The government is taking steps to restrain inflation. 政府正在采取措施控制通货膨胀。
In the 1970s, the government tried to restrain corruption. 在20世纪70年代，政府曾经试图打击腐败。
John managed to restrain his anger. 约翰努力压制住自己的怒气。
She had to restrain herself from crying out in pain. 她只得忍住疼痛，不哭出来。
Unable to restrain herself, she rose and went to the phone. 她没能克制住自己，起身走向电话。
I barely restrained myself from hitting him. 我勉强控制住自己，没有打他。
He restrained himself from shouting at her. 他控制住自己，没对她大吼大叫。
She could not restrain a flash of pride. 她不禁感到一阵自豪。           

Martial is used to describe things relating to soldiers or war. 军人的; 军事的
martial |英 ['mɑːʃ(ə)l]  美 ['mɑrʃəl]| adj. 军事的；战争的；尚武的/n. (Martial)人名；(法)马夏尔/
The paper was actually twice banned under the martial regime.这份报纸在军人统治时期确实曾两次被禁。


n. [sing.] [正式] 让人不能了解真相的事物，如掩饰、借口、托词:
n. 1 [C]（尤指女用的）薄而透明的面纱（用于保护或隐藏面部，或作为帽子的一部分）:
2 [C] 修女的头巾（覆盖头部和肩部）:
n. [sing.] [正式] 薄薄的遮盖层:
vt. 用面纱遮盖面部:
vt. [文学] 部分（或全部）遮盖某事物:
veil |[veɪl]
Their work is carried out behind a veil of secrecy. 他们的工作是在秘密掩护下进行的。
The country is ridding itself of its disgraced prime minister in a veil of secrecy. 这个国家暗地里正试图把失势的首相赶下台。
It would be better to draw a veil over what happened next (= not talk about it). 后来发生的事情还是不谈为妙。
The clamour to draw a veil over the minister's extra-marital activities reeks of hypocrisy. 想要掩饰部长婚外情的喧嚣叫嚷之声让人倍感虚伪。
The chilling facts behind this veil of silence were slow to emerge. 沉默背后的骇人真相慢慢显露出来。
The government has decided to lift the veil on its plans. 政府决定公开各项计划。
thin veil 薄面纱 
black, white veil 黑色面纱；白色面纱 
bridal, wedding veil 新娘的面纱 
The bridal veil was fringed with lace. 新娘戴的面纱上镶着花边。
Islamic veil 伊斯兰面纱 
A veil covered her face. 面纱蒙着她的脸。
I couldn't see her face behind the veil. 我看不起她蒙着面纱的脸。
She swathes her face in a veil of decorative muslin. 她用装饰性的薄纱遮住了脸。
She's got long fair hair but she's got a veil over it. 她有一头金色的长发，但她用头巾包住了。
The mountain tops were hidden beneath a veil of mist. 山顶笼罩在薄雾中。
The eruption has left a thin veil of dust in the upper atmosphere. 火山爆发在高层大气中留下了一层薄薄的尘土。
A fine drizzle began to veil the hills. 蒙蒙细雨渐渐笼罩了群山。

n. [U] 充气:
n. [U] 通货膨胀；通胀率:
inflation |[ɪnˈfleɪʃn]
life jackets with an automatic inflation device 有自动充气装置的救生衣
the fight against rising inflation 对抗不断升高的通货膨胀 
to curb inflation 抑制通货膨胀 
to reduce inflation 减少通货膨胀 
a high rate of inflation 高通胀率 
rising unemployment and high inflation 不断增长的失业人数与高通货膨胀 
an inflation rate of 3% 通胀率3% Wage increases must be in line with inflation. 工资的增长必须与通货膨胀率一致。
Inflation is currently running at 3%. 当前的通货膨胀率为3%。
double-digit 两位数的通货膨胀率 
consumer-price, price, wage（尤英）inflation 消费物价上涨；物价上涨；工资上涨 
domestic inflation 国内通货膨胀 
grade inflation（学生考试）分数贬值 
Wages are not keeping pace with inflation. 工资的上涨赶不上通货膨胀的速度。
Inflation is down to its lowest level in three years. 通货膨胀率降到了三年来的最低水平。
Inflation reached a monthly rate of 5%. 月通货膨胀率达到了5%。
Inflation is running at 4%. 目前通货膨胀率达到4%。
Inflation has slowed to 7%. 通货膨胀率已放慢至7%。
savings eroded by inflation 受通货膨胀影响而贬值的储蓄 
inflation rate 通货膨胀率 
inflation expectations 通货膨胀预期 
an increase in inflation to 3.5% 通货膨胀率增至3.5%

existing or occurring before in time or order:在时间或顺序之前存在或发生
overhasty in acting:演技过火
previous convictions; a criminal record:
previous |ˈpriːvɪəs| Adjective/Noun/:以前的,以前,前,上
she looked tired after her exertions of the previous evening:她昨天晚上劳累后看起来很累
I admit I may have been a bit previous:我承认我可能有点以前
he's got previous—theft and wounding:他以前有过——盗窃和伤害

vt. 使…的重要性黯然失色或相形见绌:
n. [sing, U]（重要性、权势等的）丧失，尤指由于另一者变得更重要、更有权势等:
n. [C] 日食；月食:
vt.（月球、地球等）遮住…的光，引起日食或月食:
eclipse |[ɪˈklɪps]
Though a talented player, he was completely eclipsed by his brother. 他虽是一个天才的运动员，但与他的兄弟相比就黯然失色了。
The gramophone had been eclipsed by new technology such as the compact disc. 激光唱片等新技术使留声机黯然失色。
Of course, nothing is going to eclipse winning the Olympic title. 当然，没有什么能比得过赢得奥运会冠军。
The election result marked the eclipse of the right wing. 选举结果标志着右翼的失势。
Her work was in eclipse for most of the 20th century. 她的作品在20世纪大部分时间里都湮没无闻。
lunar, solar eclipse 月食；日食 
the solar eclipse on May 21st 5月21日的日食 
partial, total eclipse 偏食；全食 
a total lunar eclipse 月全食 
an eclipse of the moon, an eclipse of the sun 月食；日食 

adv. 用于表示一件事紧接着另一件事而发生，即刚一…就…:
adv. 1 勉强、刚、几乎不、简直不:
2 用于表示某事根本不合理或不可能，即实在不应该、根本不可能:
scarcely |[ˈskeəsli;美ˈskers-]
He had scarcely put the phone down when the doorbell rang. 他刚放下电话，门铃就响了起来。
Scarcely had the game started when it began to rain. 比赛才开始就下起雨来了。
Scarcely had they left before soldiers arrived armed with rifles. 他们刚离开，扛着步枪的士兵们就到了。
He could scarcely breathe. 他几乎喘不过气来。
I scarcely knew him. 我几乎不认识他。
I can scarcely believe it. 我几乎不敢相信。
We scarcely ever meet. 我们难得见一面。
Scarcely a week goes by without some new scandal in the papers. 报上几乎周周都会登出新的丑闻。
It was scarcely an occasion for laughter. 笑得实在不是时候。
She could scarcely complain, could she? 她压根儿没什么好抱怨的，是不是？
It can scarcely be coincidence. 它不太可能是巧合。
Yesterday, however, his views seemed scarcely relevant. 然而，昨天他的观点似乎毫无关联。

A platitude is a statement that is considered meaningless and boring because it has been made many times before in similar situations. 陈词滥调
platitude |英 ['plætɪtjuːd]  美 ['plætɪtud]| n. 陈词滥调；平凡；陈腐/
Why couldn't he say something vital and original instead of just spouting the same old platitudes?他为什么不能说点重要的、有新意的东西，而不只是喋喋不休地讲些陈词滥调呢？


n. [C, U] ~ (for/to sb/sth) (to do sth) 对人的刺激、激励、鼓励:
incentive |[ɪnˈsentɪv]
political incentive 政治激励 
commercial, economic, financial, fiscal, monetary incentive 商业刺激；经济刺激；金融刺激；财政刺激；金钱刺激 
cash incentive 现金奖励 
material incentive 物质激励 
price, tax incentive 价格刺激；税收奖励 
sales 销售激励 
investment incentive 投资激励 
performance, work incentive 业绩奖励；工作奖励 
employee incentives such as bonuses and commission 奖金、提成之类的雇员奖励措施 
federal, government incentive 联邦奖励；政府奖励 
It was thought that this would act as an incentive for couples to adopt older children. 人们认为这将会对夫妇们收养大一些的孩子起到激励作用。
She had the added incentive of being within reach of the world record. 世界纪录触手可及，这使她又有了新的动力。
The government has created tax incentives to encourage investment. 政府已经出台了税收优惠措施鼓励投资。
companies that receive government incentives 得到政府奖励的公司 
High taxation rates have undermined work incentives. 高税率削弱了工作激励措施的作用。
incentive plan, incentive programme/program, incentive scheme（英）, incentive structure 激励方案；奖励制度 
an incentive system based on supervisors' evaluations 以督导员的评价为基础的激励制度 
The company operates a share incentive scheme for its workers. 该公司对员工实行股权激励机制。
incentive policy 激励政策 
incentive award, incentive bonus, incentive fee, incentive package, incentive pay, incentive payment 激励奖品；奖金；一揽子激励措施；奖励工资 
an incentive to investment 对投资的鼓励 
Companies have every incentive to put up prices. 各公司都有充足的理由涨价。
There is a lack of incentive to undertake new investment.新投资缺乏动力。
There is no incentive for people to save fuel. 没有使人们节约燃料的鼓励办法。
There is little or no incentive to adopt such measures. 几乎没有什么激励政策来促使人们采取这些措施。
Many companies in Britain are keen on the idea of tax incentives for R&D. 英国许多公司都很欢迎以税收优惠的方式来鼓励研发的想法。
There was little incentive to conduct research. 对从事研究的激励微乎其微。
US companies faced a clear incentive to downsize. 美国公司面临明确的裁员压力。
direct financial incentives to have smaller families 鼓励缩小家庭规模的直接财政刺激

Mire is dirt or mud. 污泥; 淤泥
You can refer to an unpleasant or difficult situation as a mire of some kind. 困境; 艰难处境
mire |英 [maɪə]  美 ['maɪɚ]| n. 泥潭；[地理] 泥沼/vi. 陷于泥坑；陷入困境/vt. 使陷于泥坑；使陷入困境/n. (Mire)人名；(塞、索、阿拉伯)米雷；(法)米尔/
...the muck and mire of sewers and farmyards....下水道与农家庭院的污垢和烂泥。
...a mire of poverty and ignorance....贫穷和无知的泥沼。


make (a doubt, feeling, or belief) disappear:make（怀疑、感觉或信念）消失
dispel |dɪˈspɛl| Verb/:,祛除,祛,驱散
the brightness of the day did nothing to dispel Elaine's dejection:白天的光辉并没有驱散Elaine的沮丧
