wedge					楔子，把...楔住
wedge oneself			强行挤入
ceremony							仪式，礼节
suicide					自杀，自毁
swear						发誓，咒骂
considerable						相当大的，著名的
judicial						司法的，公正明断的
catastrophe						灾难
hose					软管
minimum								最低限度
domestic						国内的，家里的
deficit					赤字
leave									离开，使处于，剩下，留下，推迟，许可
abuse							虐待，滥用，辱骂
feature						特征，方面，以...为特色，占据重要位置
escalator				自动扶梯
domain					领域，领土
expand							扩大，增加
corresponding			相关的，相似的
deem						认为
passion							激情，激愤，情欲，酷爱
flour						面粉
collision						碰撞，冲突
ascribe				把...归因于
infest				大批出没于
intervene					介入，阻碍
rectify				改正，修复
temptation								诱惑
smash						击碎，巨大成功
explosive			炸药，易爆的，一触即发的，暴躁的
coach						长途汽车，车厢，教练，辅导
\\\\\\\\

vt. 把…楔牢（或楔住）:
vt. 将…挤入（或塞进、插入）一个狭窄空间，使其不能再移动:
vt. 将…挤入（或塞进、插入）一个狭窄空间，使其不能再移动:
n. [C]（木质、橡胶、金属等材质的）楔子（用于使门开着、将两个东西分开、将木头或岩石劈开）:
vt. 坐落于一个狭窄空间，使其不能再移动:
n. [C] 楔形物；用作楔子的东西:
n. [C]（击高尔夫球的）楔形铁头球杆:
wedge |[wedʒ]
to wedge the door open 用楔子卡住门让它开着 
Someone had wedged the door open with a brick. 有人用砖抵住门让它开着。
I shut the shed door and wedged it with a log of wood. 我关上小屋的门，并用一根木棍将门楔住。
We slammed the gate after them, wedging it shut with planks. 他们出去后，我们在后面砰地把大门关上，并用板条抵死。
She wedged a chair firmly under the door handle. 她在门把手的下面紧紧地顶上—把椅子。
The boat was now wedged between the rocks. 船卡在了岩石之间。
Wedge the plug into the hole. 将塞子塞进洞口。
She wedged herself into the passenger seat. 她挤进了旅客座椅中。
The hotel's wedged right between the two airports. 那家宾馆正好处于两个机场中间。
The boat was now wedged between the rocks. 船卡在了岩石之间。
Wedge the plug into the hole. 将塞子塞进洞口。
She wedged herself into the passenger seat. 她挤进了旅客座椅中。
The hotel's wedged right between the two airports. 那家宾馆正好处于两个机场中间。
He hammered the wedge into the crack in the stone. 他用锤子把楔子砸入石缝里。
I don't want to drive a wedge between the two of you (= to make you start disliking each other).（比喻用法）我不想在你们俩中间挑起不和。
The hotel's wedged right between the two airports. 那家宾馆正好处于两个机场中间。
a wedge of cake 一角蛋糕

n. [U] 正式的行为；某一正式场合所做出的传统行为（或说出的传统的话语）。即礼节、礼仪、客套:
n. [C]（包括一系列正式或传统活动的）公共（或宗教）仪式、典礼。是“仪式”的常规用词:
ceremony |['serɪmənɪ]
the pomp and ceremony of a royal wedding 王室婚礼的盛大场面与仪式 
to be buried with great ceremony 被隆重地安葬 
The Republic was proclaimed in public with great ceremony. 共和国在公开场合非常隆重地宣布成立。
opening ceremony 开幕式 
awards ceremony 颁奖礼 
wedding ceremony 婚礼仪式 
religious ceremony 宗教仪式 
funeral, memorial ceremony 葬礼；纪念仪式 
graduation ceremony 毕业典礼 
inauguration, signing ceremony 就职典礼；签字仪式 
tea ceremony 茶道

n. 1 [U, C] 蓄意自杀:
2 [C] [正式] 自杀者:
n. [U] 在社会上对自己的职业生涯、职位等的自毁行为、自取灭亡的行为:
suicide |[ˈsu:ɪsaɪd;BritishEnglishalsoˈsju:ɪ-]
She tried to commit suicide on several occasions. 她自杀过好几次。
a case of attempted suicide 自杀未遂事件 
collective, mass, double suicide 集体自杀；双双自杀 
Members of the sect committed mass suicide. 那个教派的成员集体自杀了。
adolescent, teen, teenage, youth suicide 青少年自杀 
assisted, doctor-assisted（尤美）, physician-assisted（尤美）辅助性自杀；医助自杀 
Her death was ruled an apparent suicide. 她的死被判定为明显的自杀。
the ritual suicide of a widow on her husband's funeral pyre 寡妇在丈夫的火葬柴堆上进行的仪式性自杀 
There is no evidence that he is a suicide risk. 没有证据表明他要自杀。
suicide bid（英）自杀尝试 
He slashed his wrists in a failed suicide attempt. 他割腕自杀未遂。
The couple died together in a suicide pact. 这对夫妇根据协议双双自杀。
suicide terrorism 自杀式恐怖主义 
suicide letter, suicide note 自杀遗书；自杀遗言 
He died without leaving a suicide note. 他没留下遗言就自杀了。
suicide watch（防止自杀的）自杀监视 
He was put on suicide watch(= checked to make sure he did not commit suicide）earlier in his prison term. 为防止他自杀，关押初期他受到了监视。
suicide prevention 自杀预防 
suicide rate 自杀率 
suicide attacker, suicide bomber, suicide terrorist 自杀式袭击者；人体炸弹；自杀式恐怖分子 
suicide bomb 自杀式炸弹 
suicide attack, suicide bombing, suicide mission, suicide operation 自杀性袭击；自杀式爆炸；自杀式任务；自杀式行动 
a suicide bomb attack on a military convoy 对军事舰队进行的自杀式爆炸袭击 
According to the army, the teenager said he was on a 'suicide mission' for the movement. 军方消息称，这个少年说他正在为这次运动执行“自杀性任务”。
Raising taxes before an election would be political suicide. 选举之前加税无异于断送自己的政治前途。
They say it would be political suicide for the party to abstain. 他们说这个政党弃权无异于自毁政治前程。
electoral 选举中的自我断送 
economic suicide 经济上的自我毁灭 
social suicide（幽默用法）社交上的自我毁灭 
Wearing shoes like that would be social suicide. 穿那样的鞋子无异于社交性死亡。
Quite a few have committed social suicide by writing their boring memoirs. 有一些人因为写那些枯燥无味的回忆录而毁了自己的社会形象。
That's asking them to commit career suicide. 那等于是让他们断送自己的职业生涯。

vi. swear (at sb/sth)（常由于愤怒而）使用粗鲁或冒犯性的语言，如咒骂，诅咒，说脏话等:
vt.＆vi. 1 发誓，相当于vow。是此义的简单用词:
2 swear (on sth)（尤指在法庭上）做出一个公开或正式的承诺:
vt. swear sb to secrecy/silence 向某人保证（不把某事告诉任何人）:
swear |[sweə]
He heard her swear under her breath. 他听到她在小声诅咒。
Why did you let him swear at you like that? 你怎么听任他那么骂你呢？
He swore loudly at her and left. 他大声骂了她几句，然后扬长而去。
I swear (that) I’ll never leave you. 我保证决不离开你。
I swear to God I had nothing to do with it. 我可以对天发誓，这跟我一点关系也没有。
to swear up and down（美）信誓旦旦 
Do you swear on your life? 你以你的性命发誓吗？
Lincoln was sworn into office on March 4, 1861. 林肯于1861年3月4日宣誓就职。
Witnesses were required to swear on the Bible. 证人须手按《圣经》宣誓。
Are you willing to stand up in court and swear that you don’t recognize him? 你愿出庭起誓说你不认识他吗？
Barons had to swear an oath of allegiance to the king. 贵族须宣誓效忠国王。
Everyone was sworn to secrecy about what had happened. 关于已发生的事，每个人都依照要求发誓不外传。

notably large in size, amount, or extent:在规模、数量或范围上特别大
(of a person) having merit or distinction:（某人的）有功劳或有名望的
considerable |kənˈsɪd(ə)rəbl| Adjective/:大量,可观的,相当大的
a position of considerable influence:具有相当影响力的职位
Snow was a limited, but still considerable, novelist:Snow是一位有限但仍然重要的小说家

judicially 司法地; 审判地
Judicial means relating to the legal system and to judgments made in a court of law. 司法的; 审判的
judicial |英 [dʒuː'dɪʃ(ə)l]  美 [dʒʊ'dɪʃəl]| adj. 公正的，明断的；法庭的；审判上的/
Even if the amendment is passed it can be defeated judicially.即使这项修正案获得了通过，它也有可能通过司法程序被否决。
...efforts to manipulate the judicial process.…操纵审判程序的努力。
...an independent judicial system.…一个独立的司法体系。


n. 1 [C] 使很多人受难的一场突然事件，可称为灾难、灾祸、横祸。相当于disaster，二者未见明显差别:
2 [C] 给一个人或一群人造成困境或使其受苦的一个事件，可称为不幸事件或困难。与disaster相近，但disaster还可以是不可数名词:
catastrophe |[kə'tæstrəfɪ]
major, minor catastrophe 大灾；小灾 
ecological, environmental, natural, nuclear catastrophe 生态灾难；环境灾难；自然灾害；核灾难 
We’ve had a few catastrophes with the food for the party. 我们为聚会准备食物时遇到了一些困难。
The attempt to expand the business was a catastrophe for the firm. 扩展业务的尝试使这家公司陷入困境。
economic, financial, humanitarian catastrophe 经济困难；金融灾难；人道主义灾难

If you hose something, you wash or water it using a hose. 用水管冲洗; 用水管浇灌
A hose is a pipe made of rubber or plastic, along which a liquid or gas flows, for example from one part of an engine to another. (用来输送液体或气体的) 软管
A hose is a long, flexible pipe made of rubber or plastic. Water is directed through a hose in order to do things such as put out fires, clean cars, or water gardens. (橡胶或塑料制的) 水管
hose |英 [həʊz]  美 [hoz]| n. 软管；长筒袜；男性穿的紧身裤/vt. 用软管浇水；痛打/
We wash our cars and hose our gardens without even thinking of the water that uses.我们冲洗汽车，浇灌花园，从没考虑过所耗费的水。
Water in the engine compartment is sucked away by a hose.发动机舱里的水由一条软管吸走。
You've left the garden hose on.你没有关花园的水管。


adj. 只作前置定语，最低的；最小的；最低限度的等。是此义的常规用词:
n. 1 [C, usually sing.] 最小值；最少量；最低限度等:
2 [sing.] 一个极小的数量:
adv.（数量上）至少:
minimum |['mɪnɪməm]
minimum charge, minimum price 最低收费；最低价格 
the minimum age for retirement 最低退休年龄 
the minimum amount of effort 最低程度的努力 
the minimum height 最低高度 
a minimum of six students 最少六名学生 
a minimum of one hour 最少一个小时 
recommended minimum 建议的最小值 
Candidates must have a degree at a minimum. 候选人必须至少拥有学位。
We tried to keep costs down to a minimum. 我们尽量把费用控制到最低。
with the minimum of delay, with the minimum of disruption 尽可能少的拖延；尽可能少的干扰 
He passed the exams with the minimum of effort. 他没费什么劲就通过了考试。
with the minimum of risk 以最小的风险 
You’ll need £200 minimum. 你需要200英镑。
a thousand dollars minimum for one course 一门课程至少一千美元

adj.（动物）驯养的，作为宠物来饲养的、非野生的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 1 家用的、家庭的、家务的:
2 喜爱家庭生活的、享受家庭乐趣的、乐于操持家务的:
n. [C]（也可用domestic help或domestic worker）家庭里的佣人、家政工:
n. [C] [英，非正式] 家庭成员之间的纠纷或矛盾:
adj.（动物）驯养的，非野生的:
adj. [常用于名词前] 本国的、国内的:
domestic |[dəˈmestɪk]
a domestic cat 家猫
domestic appliances 家用器具 
a plan for sharing domestic chores 分担家务活的计划 
the growing problem of domestic violence (= violence between members of the same family) 日趋严重的家庭暴力问题 
I was called out to attend a domestic dispute. 我被叫出去解决一场家庭纠纷。
It was a scene of such domestic bliss. 这是一幅家庭如此幸福的画面。
domestic service (= the work of a servant in a large house) 家政服务 
domestic help (= help with the work in a house; the person or people who do this work) 家务帮助；家佣 
I'm not a very domestic sort of person. 我不是那种很喜欢待在家里的人。
She was kind and domestic and put her family before her part-time job. 她人很好也顾家，把家庭看得比兼职工作更为重要。
The police were called to sort out a domestic. 已叫警察来解决家庭纠纷。
domestic animal 家畜        
domestic affairs, domestic politics 国内事务；国内政治 domestic flights (= to and from places within a country) 国内航班 
Output consists of both exports and sales on the domestic market. 产量包括出口和国内市场销售两部分。

n. [sing.] 生理或精神上的缺陷:
n. [C] 落后的分数:
n. 1 [C] [经济学] 赤字、逆差、亏损（即花的钱或欠的钱比挣的钱多）:
2 [C] 金钱的亏空:
deficit |[ˈdefɪsɪt]
attention, cognitive, neurological deficit 注意力缺陷；认知障碍；神经功能缺损 
His teacher thought he had some sort of cognitive deficit. 他的老师认为他认知方面有某种缺陷。           
United are hoping to overturn a two-goal deficit from the first leg. 联队希望能扭转第一回合落后两球的局面。
The team has to come back from a 2–0 deficit in the first half. 这支队得扳回上半场0:2的落后局面。
federal, financial, fiscal, trade deficit 联邦赤字；财务赤字；财政赤字；贸易逆差 
If the government didn't run such huge deficits, the country would not have financial problems. 如果政府没有造成数额如此巨大的赤字，国家就不会有财务问题。
to prevent the country moving into deficit 防止国家陷入赤字 
The trade balance has been in deficit for the past five years. 过去五年来贸易状况一直是逆差。
The company has run up a deficit of £30,000. 该公司累计亏损了3万英镑。
You cannot cut a budget deficit simply by raising taxes. 不能只通过增税来削减预算赤字。
The government was forced to sell state-owned companies to fund the budget deficit. 政府被迫出售国有公司以弥补预算赤字。
a budget deficit running at 7% of GDP 相当于国内生产总值7%的预算赤字 
The trade balance shows a deficit of two million pounds. 贸易收支显示有两百万英镑的逆差。
The US trade deficit ballooned to a record $167 billion. 美国贸易逆差猛增到创纪录的1,670亿美元。
The UK remained in deficit with all countries outside the EU. 英国对欧盟之外的所有国家都有逆差 
the US trade deficit with Japan 美国对日本的贸易逆差 
We will find it hard to make up this deficit. 我们会发现很难弥补这一亏空。
There's a deficit of $3 million in the total needed to complete the project. 完成这项工程所需资金中有300万元的亏空。

vt.＆vi. 离开（居住地点、所属的群体或工作单位）:
n. [U] [正式] leave (to do sth)（去做某事的）官方或正式许可，准许。也算常用:
vt. leave sb (for sb)（长期或永久）遗弃或丢弃（自己的妻子、丈夫或伙伴等关系亲密的人）。是一个简单用词:
vt.＆vi. 1 离开（某人或某地）。是一个基础和常规用词:
2 离开（居住地点、所属的群体或工作单位）:
vt. 使（或让）…仍然处于某种条件、状态或地点等:
vt. 某事件结束后，导致某人或某事物处于某种状态，即让某事发生，造成，致使；使留下为（某种结果）:
vt. 1 死后遗留下（家人）:
2 去世时将…留给某人，即遗留，遗赠，相当于bequeath:
vt. 不立刻去做（或处理）某事，即把某事留到某一时刻才去处理。是一个简单用词:
vt. 1 把某事留给某人（让其自己去做这件事）:
2 把工作、决定或选择等的责任留给某人，让其去处理:
3 留给某人有限的机会（同时在其他方面对其进行限制）:
4 留下（空间、空隙或空白）:
5 留给某人不愉快的（或困难的）事:
6 be left可指留下备用（或待销售）等:
7 leave sth/sb (behind) 从一地离开而没有带着…，把…留在某地（或把某人留在某地，让其仍然与某人在一起），即忘了带，丢下等:
vt. 剩下（常是不喜欢的）食物或饮料:
n. [U]（由于特殊原因而从工作中获得的）假期，休假:
vt. 数学中可指剩余或余下（某个数量）。常用于减法中:
vt. 不再谈论某一话题（而是转而去谈另一话题）:
vt. 给某人留下消息（或留下答复）:
vt. 1 把某事留给某人（让其自己去做这件事）:
2 把工作、决定或选择等的责任留给某人，让其去处理:
3 留给某人有限的机会（同时在其他方面对其进行限制）:
4 留下（空间、空隙或空白）:
5 留给某人不愉快的（或困难的）事:
6 be left可指留下备用（或待销售）等:
7 leave sth/sb (behind) 从一地离开而没有带着…，把…留在某地（或把某人留在某地，让其仍然与某人在一起），即忘了带，丢下等:
vt. 允许某人照看…，即把某种责任交托或委托给某人:
leave (sb) sth 投递…然后离开:
leave |[li:v][li:v]
My secretary has threatened to leave. 我的秘书以辞职相要挟。
The court granted him leave to appeal against the sentence. 法庭准许他对判决提出上诉。
She asked for leave of absence to attend a funeral. 她请了假去参加葬礼。
he was granted leave to speak. 他获准发言。
to be absent without leave 擅离职守
She’s leaving him for another man. 她要抛弃他去跟另一个男人。
Come on, it’s time we left. 快点，我们该走了。
They left for Scotland this morning. 他们今天早上动身前往苏格兰。
My flight leaves in less than an hour. 我的航班一小时内起飞。
My secretary has threatened to leave. 我的秘书扬言要离开。
He left school with no qualifications. 他离开学校时没有拿到证书。
I am leaving to concentrate on writing fiction. 我要离开，去专心写小说。
Leave the door open, please. 请把门开着吧。
The bomb blast left 25 people dead. 那颗炸弹炸死了25个人。
Don’t leave her waiting outside in the rain. 别让她在外边雨里等着。
Leave the rice to cook for 20 minutes. 把大米煮20分钟。
Red wine leaves a stain. 红葡萄酒会留下污渍。
A muscle tear will leave a scar after healing. 肌肉撕裂在治愈后会留下伤疤。
He left the album open on the table. 他把相册敞开着放在桌子上了。
She left me with the impression that she was unhappy with her job. 她给我的印象是她不满意自己的工作。
violent disturbances which have left at least ten people dead 致使至少十人死亡的暴乱
He leaves a wife and two children. 他遗留下一个妻子和两个孩子。
She left her daughter £1 million. 她遗留给女儿100万英镑。
Leave the dishes--I’ll do them later. 盘子先搁着吧，我等会儿再洗。
Don’t leave it all until the last minute. 不要把什么事都留到最后一分钟。
I’ll leave you to get to know each other. 我让你们自己互相认识一下。
Diana took the hint and left them to it. 戴安娜心领神会，让他们自己完成这件事。
Affix the blue airmail label and leave the rest to us. 贴上蓝色航空邮件标签，剩下的就留给我们办吧。
The judge should not have left it to the jury to decide. 法官本不应该让陪审团做出裁决。
He was left with no option but to resign. 留给他的除了辞职别无选择。
Leave a gap at the top and bottom so air can circulate. 在顶部和底部各留一点空隙，这样空气就可以流通了。
a crash which left him with a broken collar-bone 一次给他留下锁骨骨折的车祸 
Is there any coffee left? 还有咖啡吗？
How many tickets do you have left? 你还剩多少张票？
They are fighting to save what is left of their business.（比喻用法）他们在拼命挽救他们剩余的业务。
The only course of action left to me was to notify her employer. 我能采取的唯一措施就是通知她的雇主。
I’ve left my bag on the bus. 我把包丢在公交车上了。
Don’t leave any of your belongings behind. 别忘了带上自己的随身物品。
He wasn’t well, so we had to leave him behind. 他身体不适，因此我们只好把他留下。
From the moment that Philippe had left her in the bedroom at the hotel, she had heard nothing of him. 自从菲利普把她遗弃在旅店房间的那一刻起，她就再没有他的任何消息。
If you don’t like the cocktail you ordered, just leave it and try a different one. 如果你不喜欢你点的鸡尾酒，剩着吧，尝尝别的。
annual leave 年假 
paid, unpaid leave 带薪假期；无薪假期 
weekend leave 周末假期 
home, maternity, sick, study leave 探亲假；产假；病假；进修假期 
I still have some leave left this year. 我今年还有些假没休。
Seven from ten leaves three. 10减7得3。
I think we’d better leave the subject of nationalism. 我想我们最好不要再谈论民族主义这个话题了。
You can leave a message on our answering machine. 你可以在我们的电话留言机上留言。
I left my phone number with several people. 我把我的电话号码留给了几个人。
I’ll leave you to get to know each other. 我让你们自己互相认识一下。
Diana took the hint and left them to it. 戴安娜心领神会，让他们自己完成这件事。
Affix the blue airmail label and leave the rest to us. 贴上蓝色航空邮件标签，剩下的就留给我们办吧。
The judge should not have left it to the jury to decide. 法官本不应该让陪审团做出裁决。
He was left with no option but to resign. 留给他的除了辞职别无选择。
Leave a gap at the top and bottom so air can circulate. 在顶部和底部各留一点空隙，这样空气就可以流通了。
a crash which left him with a broken collar-bone 一次给他留下锁骨骨折的车祸 
Is there any coffee left? 还有咖啡吗？
How many tickets do you have left? 你还剩多少张票？
They are fighting to save what is left of their business.（比喻用法）他们在拼命挽救他们剩余的业务。
The only course of action left to me was to notify her employer. 我能采取的唯一措施就是通知她的雇主。
I’ve left my bag on the bus. 我把包丢在公交车上了。
Don’t leave any of your belongings behind. 别忘了带上自己的随身物品。
He wasn’t well, so we had to leave him behind. 他身体不适，因此我们只好把他留下。
From the moment that Philippe had left her in the bedroom at the hotel, she had heard nothing of him. 自从菲利普把她遗弃在旅店房间的那一刻起，她就再没有他的任何消息。
You can leave the cooking to me. 你可以把做饭的事交给我。
She left her assistant in charge. 她委托助手来负责。
I was left to cope on my own. 就剩下我一个人来单独对付。
vt. leave sth (for sb) 
Someone left this note for you. 有人给你送来了这张便条。

vt. 以一种残忍或暴力的方式来对待人或动物，即虐待，尤指性虐待:
n. [U, pl.] 对某人的不公平对待、残忍或暴力的对待，即虐待:
n. [U] 粗鲁或冒犯性的辱骂，恶语，常为异常生气时说出，相当于insults:
vt. 对某人进行辱骂或恶语相向，可以直接面对被骂者，也可以不直接面对被骂者而在背后进行诋毁，相当于insult:
vt. 1 误用或滥用（即用得太多）而伤害身体健康:
2 不公平或错误地运用权力或知识:
n. [U, sing.] abuse (of sth) 以一种错误或有害的方式来使用…，相当于misuse:
vt. 1 误用或滥用（即用得太多）而伤害身体健康:
2 不公平或错误地运用权力或知识:
n. [U, sing.] abuse (of sth) 以一种错误或有害的方式来使用…，相当于misuse:
n. [U, sing.] abuse (of sth)（酒精、毒品等的）滥用，相当于misuse:
vt. 误用或滥用（即用得太多）而损害身体健康:
abuse |[ə'bju:z]
All the children had been physically and emotionally abused. 所有这些儿童的身心都受到了摧残。
emotional, physical, psychological, sex, sexual abuse 情感虐待；肉体虐待；心理摧残；性虐待 
prisoner abuse 虐待囚犯 
victims of child abuse 虐童案的受害人 
human rights abuses 亵渎人权
verbal abuse 辱骂 
personal, racist abuse 人身攻击；种族诽谤 
a stream of abuse 一连串辱骂 
a target of abuse 辱骂的对象 
a term of abuse 骂人的话 
The referee had been abused. 裁判遭到了谩骂。
to abuse alcohol, to abuse drugs 酗酒；嗜毒 
He abused his body with heroin. 他因吸食海洛因而把身体搞垮了。
She abused her position as principal by giving jobs to her friends. 她滥用自己作为校长的职权，把工作安排给她的朋友们。
to abuse his trust 辜负他的信任 
alcohol, drug abuse 酗酒；吸毒 
an abuse of power 滥用职权 
What she did was an abuse of her position as manager. 她的所作所为是滥用经理职权。
The legal system is open to abuse. 这种法律制度容易被钻空子。
to abuse alcohol, to abuse drugs 酗酒；嗜毒 
He abused his body with heroin. 他因吸食海洛因而把身体搞垮了。
She abused her position as principal by giving jobs to her friends. 她滥用自己作为校长的职权，把工作安排给她的朋友们。
to abuse his trust 辜负他的信任 
alcohol, drug abuse 酗酒；吸毒 
an abuse of power 滥用职权 
What she did was an abuse of her position as manager. 她的所作所为是滥用经理职权。
The legal system is open to abuse. 这种法律制度容易被钻空子。
alcohol, drug abuse 酗酒；吸毒 
to abuse alcohol, to abuse drugs 酗酒；嗜毒 
He systematically abused his body with heroin and. 他因吸食海洛因一步一步地把身体搞垮了。

a distinctive attribute or aspect of something:某物的独特属性或方面
a part of the face, such as the mouth or eyes, making a significant contribution to its overall appearance:脸部的一部分，例如嘴巴或眼睛，对其整体外观有重要贡献
a distinctive characteristic of a linguistic unit, especially a speech sound or vocabulary item, that serves to distinguish it from others of the same type.:一个语言单位的显着特征，尤其是语音或词汇项目，用于将其与其他同类产品区分开来。
a newspaper or magazine article or a broadcast programme devoted to the treatment of a particular topic, typically at length:一篇报纸或杂志文章或一个专门处理特定主题的广播节目，通常很长
a full-length film intended as the main item in a cinema programme.:一部旨在作为电影节目主要项目的全长电影。
have as a prominent attribute or aspect:have作为一个突出的属性或方面
have as an important actor or participant:有作为一个重要的演员或参与者
be a significant characteristic of or take an important part in:成为一个显着特征或在其中扮演重要角色
feature |ˈfiːtʃə| Noun/Verb/:特征,特色是,特性,特点,功能
a well-appointed house with interesting decorative features:一间设备齐全、装饰有趣的房子
a dark-haired man with strong, regular features:一个黑头发的男人，有着强壮、规则的特征
a special feature on children's reference books:儿童参考书特刊
the hotel features a large lounge, a sauna, and a coin-operated solarium:the酒店设有大型休息室、桑拿浴室和投币式日光浴室
the film featured Glenn Miller and his Orchestra:这部电影以格伦米勒和他的管弦乐队为特色
his later paintings feature prominently in the exhibition:他后来的画作在展览中占据突出地位

n. [C]（大型建筑物的，以滚动台阶的形式在不同楼层之间运送人员的）自动扶梯、电动楼梯、滚梯:
escalator |[ˈeskəleɪtə(r)]
down, up escalator 下行电动扶梯；上行电动扶梯 
kids running up a down escalator 在下行电动扶梯上向上跑的小孩 
We rode the escalator up toward our restaurant.（ride为美式用法）我们乘电动扶梯上到餐厅。
Take the escalator down to the lower level. 乘电动扶梯下楼。
Passengers are carried by escalator to the first floor. 乘客乘电动扶梯到二楼。
the escalator leading down to the lower level 下行的电动扶梯

n. [C] [计算机] 互联网上的域（是一套网址，可以表明一个网址所属的类别或地理范围，以相同字母结尾的网址属于同一个域，如.com、.org等）:
n. [C] [数学] 某一变量的所有数值的范围，即区域、定义域:
n. [C]（知识或活动的）领域、范围，尤指某人所负责的领域或范围:
n. [C]（尤指旧时个人、国家等所拥有或统治的）土地，即领土、领地、势力范围:
domain |[dəˈmeɪn;dəʊ-;美doʊ-]
Internet domain 互联网域 
Register a domain name if you want people to find your website. 想要别人找到你的网址，就注册一个域名。
domain registration 域名注册
The care of older people is being placed firmly within the domain of the family. 照顾老人仍然被确认为是家庭范围的事。
things that happen outside the domain of the home 发生在家庭以外的事情 
Physics used to be very much a male domain. 物理学曾在很大程度上是男人的领域。
the great experimenters in the domain of art 艺术领域伟大的实验者们 
Public domain（不受版权保护的）公有领域 
This information should be in the public domain. 这份资料不受版权保护。
The Spice Islands were within the Spanish domains. 香料群岛曾是西班牙的领地。
the mighty king's domain 势力强大的国王的领土

vt.＆vi. 数量变得更大；使…的数量变得更大，与contract相反:
vt.＆vi. 1 尺寸变得更大；使…的尺寸变得更大，与contract相反:
2 扩展（业务）；（业务）扩展（即开设更多的分公司、赚更多的钱等）:
vi. 谈论更多；往自己正在说的内容里添加更多细节，如详述:
vt.＆vi. 重要性变得更大；使…的重要性变得更大:
expand |[ɪk'spænd]
Student numbers are expanding rapidly. 学生人数在迅速增加。
A child’s vocabulary expands through reading. 孩子的词汇量通过阅读得到扩大。
Metals expand when they are heated. 金属受热会膨胀。
to expand the role of family doctors 扩大家庭医生的作用 
to expand the airport 扩建机场 
The town has expanded into a city. 该镇已发展成为一个城市。
to expand the business 扩展业务 
an expanding economy 不断发展的经济 
Internet companies expanding abroad 向海外扩展的互联网公司 
Several brands have successfully expanded their market presence. 好几个品牌成功地扩大了市场份额。
I needed to expand my possibilities of making a living. 我需要拓展我的谋生途径。
I repeated the question and waited for her to expand. 我把问题重复了一遍，等着她详细回答。
The new system expanded the role of family doctors. 新体制放大了家庭医生的作用。

adj. ~ (to sth) 符合的、相应的、与自己已提到的内容对应的:
corresponding |[ˌkɒrəˈspɒndɪŋ;美ˌkɔ:rəˈspɑ:n-;ˌkɑ:-]
A change in the money supply brings a corresponding change in expenditure. 货币供应量的改变随即引起支出的相应改变。
Profits have risen by 15 per cent compared with the corresponding period last year. 与去年同期相比利润增长了15%。
Give each picture a number corresponding to its position on the page. 按所在页面位置给每一幅画编上相对应的号码。
The Redskins lost to the Cowboys in the corresponding game last year. 在去年类似的一场比赛中红人队输给了牛仔队。
Fewer houses are available, but there is no corresponding decrease in demand. 房屋供应更少了，但是需求并没有相应下降。

vt. [正式]（常不用于进行时）对某事持有某个观点，即认为:
deem |[di:m]
The evening was deemed a great success. 大家认为这次晚会非常成功。
French and German were deemed essential. 法语和德语被认为是必不可少的。
She deemed it prudent not to say anything. 她认为什么都不说是明智的。
They would take any action deemed necessary. 他们会采取认为必要的任何行动。
He says he would support the use of force if the UN deemed it necessary. 他说如果联合国认为有必要使用武力，他将予以支持。

n. 1 [U] ~ (for sb) 强烈的爱情:
2 [C] ~ (for sth) 对某事物的酷爱；热衷的爱好（或活动等）:
n. [sing.] [正式] 盛怒:
n.  [C, U] 非常强烈的爱、恨、愤怒、热情等感情，如激情:
n. [sing.] the Passion 指基督教中耶稣的受难:
passion |[ˈpæʃn]
the expression of love and passion 爱和情欲的表达 
His passion for her made him blind to everything else. 他钟情于她，达到了不顾一切的地步。
my passion for a dark-haired, slender boy named James 我对一个名叫詹姆斯的黑头发高挑个儿男孩的热恋 
She didn't believe in grand passion or love at first sight. 她不相信如火的激情或一见钟情。
She was his first great passion. 她是他第一个深爱的人。
animal（旧时）, physical, romantic, sexual passion 兽欲；浪漫的激情；性欲 
They kissed with passion. 他们热烈地接吻。
The passion between them had cooled. 他们之间的激情已经冷却下来了。
his all-consuming passion for her 他对她痴狂的激情 
They spent a night of passion in a hotel. 他们在旅馆里发生了一夜情。
the young girl who was the object of his passion 他痴恋的那个女孩 
As time went by the passion cooled. 随着时间的推移，激情冷却了。
She had a passion for gardening. 她酷爱园艺。
His other great passion was Italy. 他酷爱的另一个国家是意大利。
Music is a passion with him. 他对音乐情有独钟。
He had a secret passion for poetry. 他对诗歌有一种不为人知的钟爱。
his lifelong passion for flying 他一生对飞行的酷爱 
They shared a passion for food. 他们都热爱美食。
He developed a real passion for acting. 他对表演产生了真正的热情。
She flies into a passion if anyone even mentions his name. 哪怕是有人提到他的名字，她也会勃然大怒。           
He's a man of violent passions. 他是个性情暴烈的人。
a crime of passion 因情欲妒忌而造成的犯罪 
She killed her husband's lover in a crime of passion. 她杀死了丈夫的情人，构成激情犯罪。
He argued his case with great passion. 他很激动地据理力争。
Passions were running high (= people were angry and emotional) at the meeting. 会上群情沸腾。
He spoke with great passion. 他发表了热情洋溢的讲话。
a speech full of passion 热情洋溢的演讲 
the passion and commitment of the Republican candidate 共和党候选人的激情和奉献精神 
This issue always rouses passion. 这个话题总能唤起大家的热情。
That passion drove me to get to the top. 那种激情推动着我到达顶峰。
There were moments of real passion in the game. 这场比赛有几次令观众情绪激昂。
The team has been playing with renewed passion this season. 这个赛季该队在比赛中重新燃起了斗志。

n. [U] 用谷物颗粒（尤指小麦）制成的白色或棕色面粉（可用于制作面包、蛋糕等）:
vt. 常用被动式，用一层面粉来覆盖…（如在…上撒上一层面粉）:
flour |['flaʊə]
bread flour 做面包用的面粉 
rice, wheat flour 米粉；小麦面粉 
flour mill 面粉厂
Roll the dough on a lightly floured surface. 揉生面团时，案板上要撒点儿面粉。

collision (between/of A and B) 两个交通工具或两个人之间发生的碰撞事故:
n. [C, U] [正式] 两个人、对立意见、对立观点等之间的强烈冲突；两个极端不同事物的会面或相遇，可称为碰撞:
collision |[kə'lɪӡn]
a collision between two trains 两列火车相撞事故 
a head-on collision（车辆的）迎头相撞 
a mid-air collision（两架飞机的）空中相撞 
I had a collision with a bus. 我撞上了一辆公交车。
An iceberg was on a collision course with the ship. 冰山正朝着可能撞上船的方向漂移。
He was injured in a collision with another player. 他在与另一名选手的相撞中受了伤。
a collision between two opposing points of view 两种对立观点的冲突 
the collision of two different traditions 两种不同传统的碰撞

vt. ~ sth to sb/sth [正式] 认为…具有某种品质或属性:
vt. ~ sth to.. [正式] 把…归因于…:
vt. ~ sth to sb 认为某事物（如语录、艺术作品）是由某人创造的:
vt. ~ sth to sb/sth [正式] 认为…具有某种品质或属性:
ascribe |[əˈskraɪb]
We do not ascribe a superior wisdom to government or the state. 我们并不认为政府或是国家有超凡的智慧。
We ascribe great importance to these policies. 我们认为这些政策十分重要。
He ascribed his failure to bad luck. 他认为自己的失败是运气不好。
An autopsy eventually ascribed the baby's death to sudden infant death syndrome. 尸检最终认定孩子死于婴儿猝死综合征。
He mistakenly ascribes the expression 'survival of the fittest' to Charles Darwin. 他错误地认为“适者生存”是查尔斯·达尔文说的。
This play is usually ascribed to Shakespeare. 通常认为这部剧是莎士比亚所写。
We do not ascribe a superior wisdom to government or the state. 我们并不认为政府或是国家有超凡的智慧。
We ascribe great importance to these policies. 我们认为这些政策十分重要。

vt. [常用被动式]（尤指昆虫或老鼠之类的动物）大量滋生或大批出没于（某地）（常造成破坏或引发疾病）:
vt.（某人或某事物）充斥于某地、遍布于某地（常造成破坏）:
infest |[ɪnˈfest]
The kitchen was infested with ants. 厨房里到处是蚂蚁。
pests like aphids which infest cereal crops 像蚜虫这样大肆侵害谷物的害虫 
shark-infested waters 鲨鱼成群的水域 
Crime and drugs are infesting the inner cities. 市中心充斥着犯罪与毒品。

vi. [正式] 存在于两个时间点之间:
vi. ~ (in sth)（某人、某个组织机构或国家）出面、介入、干涉、干预某事（以改善局面或提供帮助）:
vi.（某事的发生）阻碍、阻挠、干扰（另一事的发生）:
vt.&vi. 插嘴；打断（别人的话）:
vi. [正式] 存在于两个地点之间:
intervene |[ˌɪntəˈvi:n;美-tərˈv-]
I saw nothing of her during the years that intervened. 这期间的几年中我根本没有见过她。
The situation calmed down when police intervened. 警方干预后，局势平息下来。
Intervening militarily will not bring peace. 军事干预不会带来和平。
Eventually, the army was forced to intervene. 最终军队被迫介入。
The Government is doing nothing to intervene in the crisis. 政府没有采取任何行动对这次危机进行干预。
Government often intervenes decisively in major professional issues in medicine. 政府经常果断介入医药界重大专业问题。
Our government has no right to intervene. 我们的政府无权干预。
The UN refused to intervene. 联合国拒绝干预。
The President intervened personally in the crisis. 总统亲自出面处理这场危机。
Local people feel strongly about the proposed development but are virtually powerless to intervene.当地民众对所提出的开发方案反应强烈，但实际上却无力介入其中。
They would not intervene against the rebels themselves. 他们自己不会插手反对叛乱分子。
Nurses should be ready to intervene on behalf of their patients. 为了病人的利益护士应该时刻准备介入。
She went over to intervene between the two men. 她走过去为两个男人进行调解。
She was reluctant to intervene in what was essentially a private dispute. 她不愿介入这种本质上属于私人性质的争端。
She might have been killed if the neighbours hadn't intervened. 要不是邻居介入，她可能会没命了。
The ambassador intervened personally on behalf of the children. 大使代表孩子们亲自出而处理此事。
attempts to intervene with the authorities on the prisoners' behalf 代表犯人与当局交涉的尝试 
They were planning to get married and then the war intervened. 他们正准备结婚，不巧却因爆发战事而受阻。
The South African mailboat arrived on Friday mornings unless bad weather intervened. 除非受恶劣天气干扰,南非邮船一般在星期五上午抵达。
I pray that death may not intervene to prevent our meeting with my darling children. 我祈祷死亡不要阻挠我们与我亲爱的孩子们见一面。
Hattie intervened and told me to stop it. 哈蒂打断我，叫我停下来。
'I've told you he's not here,' Irena intervened. “我告诉你了他不在这里,”伊雷娜插话说。
‘But,’ she intervened, ‘what about the others?’ “但是，”她插嘴说，“其他的怎么办呢？”

If you rectify something that is wrong, you change it so that it becomes correct or satisfactory. 矫正; 改正
rectify |英 ['rektɪfaɪ]  美 ['rɛktɪfaɪ]| vt. 改正；精馏；整流/
Only an act of Congress could rectify the situation.只有国会的法案才能扭转这种局面。


n. 1 [C, U] 引诱、诱惑（是一种欲望），常是坏的诱惑:
2 [C] 诱人的事物（常是坏的诱惑物）:
temptation |[tempˈteɪʃn]
the temptation of easy profits 轻而易举获利的诱惑 
to give way to/yield to temptation 经不住诱惑 
I couldn't resist the temptation to open the letter. 我抵制不住好奇心把信打开了。
Will they be able to resist the temptation to buy? 他们能忍住诱惑不买吗？
Don't put temptation in her way by offering her a cigarette. 别递烟来引诱她。
sexual temptation 性诱惑 
I had the constant temptation to look out of the window. 我总是禁不住想向窗外看。
Keep your valuables locked away so as not to put temptation in the way of thieves. 锁好你的贵重物品，免得招贼。
An expensive bicycle is a temptation to thieves. 高档自行车对窃贼是个诱惑。
the many temptations to which you will be exposed 你将面临的许多诱惑

vt. 捣毁；击败；终结；有意识地摧毁、粉碎、消灭（政治组织、制度等）:
vt. 大破纪录:
vt.&vi. 用力地闯过墙、门等:
vt.&vi. 哗啦一声打碎（或被打碎）:
n. [sing.] 打碎、破碎；打碎或破碎的声音（如哗啦声）:
n. [C]（也可用smash hit）十分流行的歌曲、电影或戏剧:
vt.&vi.（使）猛烈碰撞上硬物:
vt.&vi. 用力地撞开、击穿:
vt.（在网球等活动中）用力打高高的扣球:
n. [C]（网球等运动中的）高压球、扣球:
vt. 猛踢射门。相当于slam:
n. [C] [英] 撞车事故:
vt. ~ sth (up) 撞毁（车辆）:
smash |[smæʃ]
Police say they have smashed a major drugs ring. 警方说他们摧毁了一个大贩毒集团。
Their attempts to clean up politics and smash the power of party machines failed. 他们力图重整政坛、摧毁现有的政党机器，却以失败收场。
She has smashed the world record (= broken it by a large amount). 她大破世界纪录。
The demonstrators used trucks to smash through embassy gates. 示威者用卡车撞开了使馆大门。
They had smashed through a glass door to get in. 他们砸破一道玻璃门进去了。
Soldiers smashed their way into his office. 士兵冲进了他的办公室。
The elephant smashed its way through the trees. 大象横冲直撞，闯过树丛。
Someone smashed a bottle. 有人摔碎了一个瓶子。
A crowd of youths started smashing windows. 一群年轻人开始砸玻璃。
Several windows had been smashed. 几扇窗户劈里啪啦打碎了。
He smashed the radio to pieces. 他啪的一声把收音机摔得稀巴烂。
The glass bowl smashed into a thousand pieces. 玻璃碗咣的一声摔了个粉碎 
The plate hit the floor with a smash. 盘子哗啦一声掉在地板上打碎了。
He heard the smash of breaking glass. 他听到打碎玻璃的声音。
her latest chart smash 她的最新一首十分走红的上榜歌曲 
box-office smash 卖座的电影 
club, dancefloor smash（均英）俱乐部走红的歌曲；舞池走红的歌曲 
the recent club, 'Rocking Music' 最近在俱乐部走红的歌而《摇滚音乐》
surprise smash 意外走红 
The comedy was an instant smash with critics. 那出喜剧在评论界一炮而红。
summer smash 夏季走红的歌曲 
smash album, smash single 走红的专辑；走红的单曲 
smash series, smash show, smash sitcom走红的系列剧；走红的演出；走红的情景剧 
Bridges starred on the smash sitcom 'Different Strokes'. 布里奇斯出演了走红情景剧《细路仔》。
smash hit 非常流行 
smash film（尤英）, smash movie（尤美）轰动的影片 
It is the public who decide if a film is a smash or a flop. 影片成败与否取决于公众。
the sound of waves smashing against the rocks 浪涛猛烈撞击礁石的声音 
The car smashed into a tree. 汽车猛地撞到了树上。
The bottle smashed against a wall. 瓶子撞到了墙上。
He smashed his fist into Anthony's face. 他一拳打在了安东尼脸上。
Mark smashed his fist down on the desk. 马克狠狠地把拳头砸在桌上。
They had to smash holes in the ice. 他们只好奋力在冰上凿洞。
We had to smash the door open. 我们只得用力把门撞开。
forearm smash 近网高压球 
He can hit a powerful overhead smash. 他能打出大力的过顶高压球。
He misses a smash to hand Federer a 5-0 lead. 他抽球失误，拱手让费德勒5比0。领先。
He smashed the ball into the goal. 他一记劲射，球进了。
Their car was involved in a fatal smash with a stolen van. 他们的车与一辆被盗面包车相撞，致人死亡。
He was near to death after a car smash. 他差点在一场撞车事故中丧命。
a 20-year~old victim of a hit-and-run smash 一起撞车逃逸事故中20岁的受害者 
high-speed smash 高速相撞事故 
car, motorbike smash 小汽车相撞；摩托车相撞 
rail, train smash火车相撞 
motor-way, road smash 高速路上的撞车事故；公路上的撞车事故 
two-car, three-vehicle smash两车相撞事故；三车相撞事故 
A teenage driver has been fined £300 for causing a road smash on the Al27. —位少年驾车在A127号公路上撞车肇事，被罚300英镑。
The smash happened just before junction 13 of the M6. 撞车事故就发生在6号高速公路13号交叉路口前。
Four people were seriously injured in a head-on smash on the A45. 在A45号公路两车迎头相撞的事故中，4人严重受伤。
He's smashed (up) his new car. 他把自己的新车撞毁了。

adj. 突然猛增的:
adj. 暴躁的、易怒的:
adj.（声音）突然且大声的:
adj. 可能引起暴力或愤怒、仇恨等强烈情感的，即（局面等）一触即发的，千钧一发的:
adj. 易爆炸的；可能爆炸的:
adj. 易爆炸的；可能爆炸的:
n. [C, U] 炸药；爆炸物:
explosive |[ɪkˈspləʊsɪv;-zɪv;美-ˈsploʊ-]
the explosive growth of the export market 出口市场的急剧扩大 
The explosive growth in casinos is one of the most conspicuous signs of Westernization. 西化最显著的标志之一就是赌场的骤增。
She was unpredictable, explosive, impulsive and easily distracted. 她难以捉摸，脾气暴躁，冲动鲁莽，容易分心。
He's inherited his father's explosive temper. 他遗传了其父暴躁的脾气。
He made a loud, explosive noise of disgust. 他反感地爆发出一阵叫嚷。
an explosive drumbeat 爆发的鼓声
He appeared to be treating the potentially explosive situation with some sensitivity. 他似乎正小心地应对可能一触即发的局势。
The political situation is potentially explosive. 政治形势一触即发。
to be politically explosive 政治上具爆炸性 
Nobody knows what explosive arguments the future of Europe will bring. 没有人知道欧洲的未来这一议题会引起怎样爆炸性的讨论。
Race is a highly explosive issue. 种族问题极易引起争端。
The explosive device was timed to go off at the rush hour. 爆炸装置被设定在高峰时间引爆。
an explosive mixture of chemicals 易爆化学混合物 
a highly explosive mixture of gases 极易爆炸的混合气体 
Highly explosive gas is naturally found in coal mines. 煤矿中天然存有高爆气体。
The explosive device was timed to go off at the rush hour. 爆炸装置被设定在高峰时间引爆。
powerful explosive 强力炸药 
home-made, improvised explosive 自制的炸药；临时做成的爆炸物 
conventional explosive 常规炸药 
chemical, liquid, plastic explosive 化学炸药；液体炸药；塑胶炸药 
They planted explosives in the tunnel. 他们在隧道里安放了炸药。
Explosives were found near the scene. 在事发地点附近发现了炸药。
explosives expert爆破专家 
The bomb was packed with several pounds of high explosive. 这枚炸弹装有几磅烈性炸药。
one-hundred-and-fifty pounds of Semtex explosive 150磅塞姆汀塑胶炸药 
There were traces of explosives in the bedroom. 卧室里有炸药的痕迹。

n. [C] 体育运动的教练员:
vt. coach sb (in/for sth) 训练某人进行一项体育运动。不常用:
vt. 1 coach sb (in/for sth) 训练某人进行一项体育运动、把一项工作做得更好、或提高一项技能:
2 coach sb (in/for sth) [尤英] 对学生（尤其在考前）针对某科目进行辅导:
3 coach sb (in/on sth) 对某人在某种情况下该如何做（或如何说）进行专门指导:
n. 1 [C] [英]（给某人针对某科目进行上课的）私人教师，常帮助其备考，即私人备考辅导教师:
2 [C]（帮助人们改善其生活的）生活教练、生活指导师，相当于life coach:
n. [U] [美] 飞机的经济舱:
n. [C] [英] 大型、舒适的长途客运汽车，也可叫大巴:
n. [C] [英] 火车的车厢:
n. [C] 旧时载客用的封闭式四轮大马车，现在仍用于某些国家的仪式上（如英国）:
coach |[kəʊtʃ]
sports coach 体育教练 
professional coach 职业教练 
basketball coach 篮球教练
to coach a football team 执教一支足球队 
to coach a football team 执教一支足球队 
He coached me in history. 他辅导我历史。
to coach him on what to say 教他如何说话
piano coach 钢琴教师 
maths coach 数学备考辅导教师 
acting, voice coach 表演教练；声乐教练 
coach fares 经济舱票价 
coach seats 经济舱座位 
to fly coach 坐飞机的经济舱
express coach 直达长途公共汽车 
private coach 高级私人专车 
luxury coach 豪华长途大客车 
coach station 长途汽车站 
coach journey 乘坐长途公共汽车的旅程
railway coach 火车车厢
a coach pulled by four horses 一辆四匹马拉的四轮马车 
royal coach 御用马车 
coach road 马车道 
a coach and horses 一套车马
