defraud				骗取
improvise				即兴表演，临时做
oppress				压迫，压抑
flabby				松弛的，肥胖的，软弱的
essay						短文，尝试
racket				球拍，吵闹声，诈骗
flaw						瑕疵，错误，毁掉
nominate						提名，任命，指定
syllabus						教学大纲
stiff					硬的，不易移动的，艰难的，过高的，极其
toxic							有毒的，有害的
rampant				猖獗的，疯长的
propulsion				推进
telling				叙述，有力的
throughout							遍及，贯穿
highlight							最精彩的部分
devise				设计，发明
wield					挥舞，行使
enormous					庞大的
fade					使...褪色，消失
exhilarate				使兴奋
slum					贫民窟
peer							仔细看，同龄人
slogan				口号
transaction						交易，公报
incorporate				纳入，收录
discard				丢弃
grope					摸索，猥亵
triple				有三部分的，三倍的
variety									多样化，种类
\\\\\\\\

vt.&vi. ~ sb (of sth) 骗取（某人或组织机构的）钱财:
defraud |[dɪˈfrɔ:d]
They were accused of defrauding the company of $14 000. 他们被控诈骗该公司14 000元。
All three men were charged with conspiracy to defraud. 三人均被控密谋诈骗。
He pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy to defraud the government. 他承认了阴谋诈骗政府的罪名。
allegations that he defrauded taxpayers of thousands of dollars 声称他从纳税人手中骗取了数千美元的指控

vt.&vi.（常因没有自己需要的东西）用手头的东西来临时拼凑、临时做:
improvise |[ˈɪmprəvaɪz]
There isn't much equipment. We're going to have to improvise. 设备不多，我们只能将就着用。
We improvised some shelves out of planks of wood and bricks. 我们用木板和砖头临时搭了些架子。
You need a wok with a steaming rack for this; if you don't have one, improvise. 要做这个，你需要一口带蒸笼篦子的锅，如果没有，就用别的临时凑合一下。
The vet had improvised a harness. 兽医临时凑成了一副马具。
We hastily improvised a screen out of an old blanket.（hastily尤为英式用法）我们连忙用一条旧毯子临时搭了个屏风。
You can quickly improvise a shield to protect your arm.（quickly尤为美式用法）你可以快速找一样物品来当作盾牌护住手臂。

To oppress people means to treat them cruelly, or to prevent them from having the same opportunities, freedom, and benefits as others. 压迫
oppress |英 [ə'pres]  美 [ə'prɛs]| vt. 压迫，压抑；使……烦恼；使……感到沉重/
These people often are oppressed by the governments of the countries they find themselves in.这些人经常受到他们所在国家政府的压迫。


If you describe something as flabby, you are criticizing it for being disorganized or wasteful. 冗余的
Flabby people are rather fat, with loose flesh over their bodies. 肥胖的; 肌肉松弛的
flabby |英 ['flæbɪ]  美 ['flæbi]| adj. 松弛的；软弱的；没气力的；优柔寡断的/
You hear talk about American business being flabby.你会听到有关美国经济发展无序的议论。
This exercise is great for getting rid of flabby arms.这个练习对减除手臂的赘肉极为有效。


vt. [文学] 企图或尝试（做某事）:
n. [C] [正式] essay (in sth)（关于做某事的）企图，尝试:
n. [C] essay (on sth)（由作家所写的、用于刊登的）短小文章:
n. [C] essay (on/about sth)（学生所写的、关于某一学科的、作为课程作业的）短文:
essay |['eseɪ]
His first essay in politics was a complete disaster. 他初次涉足政坛便碰得头破血流。
an essay on population 一篇关于人口的杂文 
a collection of essays 杂文集 
He concludes the essay by calling for a corrective. 他在文章结尾呼吁采取纠正措施。
an essay about my hometown 一篇关于我家乡的短文 
an essay on the causes of the cancer 一篇关于癌症发病原因的短文 
essay title 文章标题 
essay question 问答题

n. [sing.] [非正式] 令人不悦的大声喧哗、吵闹:
n. [U] rackets或racquets可指用一个硬球所打的壁球:
n. [C]（也可用racquet）（网球、壁球、羽毛球等的）球拍:
n. [C] [非正式] 对钱财的不正当（或非法）获取，即非法的赚钱勾当:
racket |[ˈrækɪt]
Stop making that terrible racket! 别吵啦！
He makes such a racket I'm afraid he disturbs the neighbours. 他如此大声喧闹，我怕他打扰了邻居。
My dream was interrupted by the most awful racket coming through the walls. 我的睡梦被隔壁极为恼人的吵闹声给搅了。
I heard a racket coming from upstairs. 我听见楼上传来吵闹声。
He had to shout over the racket. 他不得不大声喊叫以盖过噪声。
Tennis rackets and balls are provided. 提供网球拍及网球。
badminton, squash, tennis racket 羽毛球拍；壁球拍；网球拍 
graphite, wooden racket 碳纤维球拍；木制球拍 
He smashed his racket into the clay. 他把球拍摔到红土场地上。
racket sports 挥拍运动 
racket abuse（网球运动员）乱摔球拍 
McEnroe received a warning for racket abuse in the second set. 第二盘时，麦肯罗因发脾气乱摔球拍而受到警告。
extortion, numbers（美）, protection, smuggling, drugs racket 敲诈行径；彩票赌博；勒索保护费的勾当；走私行径；贩毒勾当 
illegal racket 非法勾当 
The gang operated an illegal immigration racket. 这伙人从事非法移民勾当。
He ran a protection racket which demanded thousands from local businesses. 他从事收取保护费的勾当，从当地企业勒索了成千上万的钱财。
the other people in this racket 参与敲诈的其他人 
a racket in stolen goods 赃物的非法买卖 
A smuggling racket is killing thousands of exotic birds each year. 走私活动每年都会导致数千只珍奇鸟类死亡。
Suspicious fans exposed the racket and police arrested a man in Nottingham. 起了疑心的爱好者揭发了这一勾当，警察在诺丁汉逮捕了一名男子。

n. [C] ~ (in sth) 错误:
n. [C] ~ (in sth) 裂痕、裂隙:
n. 1 [C] ~ (in sth) 缺陷、瑕疵:
2 [C] ~ (in sb/sth) 某人性格上的弱点、缺点:
flaw |[flɔ:]
The argument is full of fundamental flaws. 这段论述充满根本性的错误。
There were, however, a number of crucial flaws in his monetary theory. 但是，他的货币理论中存在若干关键性错误。
Almost all of these studies have serious flaws. 几乎所有这些研究中都存在严重谬误。
It took me a long time to find the flaw in her logic. 我花了很长时间才找到她逻辑上的破绽。           
Unfortunately, this plate has a slight flaw in it. 可惜这个盘子有个小小的裂痕。
Engineers have identified serious design flaws in the proposed nuclear waste dump. 工程师们已确认拟建的核废料处理站存在严重的设计缺陷。
The report reveals fatal flaws in security at the airport. 报告揭示了机场安全的致命缺陷。
Flaws have appeared in the new version of the software. 软件的新版本中出现了若干漏洞。
The markets have exposed the fatal flaw in the government's economic policy. 市场已经暴露出政府经济政策中存在的致命缺陷。
There is always a flaw in the character of a tragic hero. 悲剧主角总有性格上的缺陷。
The only flaw in his character seems to be a short temper. 他性格中的唯一缺点好像就是脾气急。

vt. ~ sb (for/as sth) 为一个重要职位或奖项正式推荐某人，即提名:
vt. ~ sb (to/as sth) 选定某人去做某项工作，即任命，指派:
vt. ~ sth (as sth) 为某事选定一个时间、日期、名称等:
vt. ~ sb (for/as sth) 为一个重要职位推荐某人，即提名:
nominate |[ˈnɒmɪneɪt;美ˈnɑ:m-]
Under party rules each candidate has to be nominated by 55 Labour MPs. 根据党章，每个候选人必须得到55名工党下院议员的提名。
He has now been formally nominated as presidential candidate. 他现已被正式提名为总统候选人。
She has been nominated for the presidency. 她已经获得了董事长职位的提名。
She was nominated for a special award. 她获得这项特殊奖的提名。
He was nominated (as) best actor. 他获得了最佳男演员的提名。
a campaign to nominate the twice World Champion as Sports Personality of the Year 提名那位两届世界冠军获得者为年度体育人物的拉票活动 
Ten critics were asked to nominate their Book of the Year. 十位评论家获邀提名年度最佳图书。
Practically every movie he made was nominated for an Oscar. 他执导的影片几乎每部都获得过奥斯卡奖提名。
Voters will choose fifty of the seventy-five deputies. The Emir will nominate the rest. 选民将选出75名代表中的50名，其余代表由埃米尔任命。
He has been nominated to the committee. 他被任命为委员会委员。
She was nominated to speak on our behalf. 她被指派代表我们发言。
1 December has been nominated as the day of the election. 12月1日被指定为选举日。
Under party rules each candidate has to be nominated by 55 Labour MPs. 根据党章，每个候选人必须得到55名工党下院议员的提名。
He has now been formally nominated as presidential candidate. 他现已被正式提名为总统候选人。

n. [C] 学校里某门课程的教学大纲；也可指一门课的提纲或摘要:
syllabus |[ˈsɪləbəs]
class（尤美）, course syllabus 课程大纲 
exam, examination syllabus（均尤英）考试大纲 
A level syllabus 中学高级水平考试大纲 
college, school（尤英）, university（尤英）syllabus 学院教学大纲；学校教学大纲；大学教学大纲 
geography, history, mathematics syllabus 地理教学大纲；历史教学大纲；数学教学大纲 
online syllabus 网上教学大纲 
sample syllabuses for undergraduate courses 本科生课程大纲样本 
The courses do not follow the syllabus of any particular examination board. 这些课程安排不遵循任何特定考试委员会的大纲。
Several schools in Britain already teach this syllabus. 英国有几所学校已经开始教授这个大纲规定的教学内容。
Students follow different syllabuses according to their ability. 学生们根据自己的能力学习不同课程大纲规定的课程。
to revise syllabus（尤英）修订教学大纲 
It was impossible to cover the syllabus in a year. 不可能在一年内教完这一课程大纲的全部内容。
Does the syllabus cover modern literature? 这份大纲包括现代文学的内容吗？
syllabus design 大纲设计 
syllabus content（英）大纲内容 
questions from last year's syllabus 根据去年教学大纲出的一些试题 
Let's include that in this year's syllabus. 咱们把那一项纳入到今年的大纲里吧。
Is geometry on the syllabus? 这个大纲里有几何吗？
some syllabuses for basic courses in geography 地理基础课程教学大纲 
the course syllabuses in arts subjects 文科科目的课程大纲

vt. [尤美，非正式] 诈骗:
adj.（人或其行为）不友好的、不放松的，如生硬的:
adj. 比通常情况更严厉的:
adj.（混合物）浓稠的、难以搅动的:
adj. [只用于名词前]（酒）烈性的、酒精度数高的:
adj.（门窗、抽屉等）难打开的、发紧的:
adj. 比通常情况更强的:
n. [C] [俚语] 死尸:
adj. 1 不易弯曲（或活动）的，如硬的、挺的:
2 肌肉或关节僵硬的:
adv. frozen ~（含水的东西）（冻）僵；（冻）硬:
adj. 肌肉或关节一动就疼的:
adj. [非正式] 价格过高的:
vt. [尤美，非正式] 不还钱，（尤指）不给小费:
adv. [非正式] 非常、极其:
adj. 比通常情况更激烈的:
adj. 比通常情况更困难的:
stiff |[stɪf]
The speech he made to welcome them was stiff and formal. 他那番欢迎他们的话讲得生硬刻板。
She was aware that her words sounded stiff. 她知道自己的话听起来很生硬。
His manner seemed rather stiff and impersonal. 他的态度似乎颇为生硬冷淡。
She looked at him with a stiff smile. 她看着他，脸上挤出生硬的一笑。
They always seemed a little awkward with each other, a bit stiff and formal. 他们在一起似乎总是觉得有点别扭，有点拘谨，不太随意。
There are stiff fines for breaking the rules. 违反规则要受重罚。
Their punishment seemed rather stiff. 他们的惩罚好像颇为严厉。
Under Greece's stiff anti-drugs laws they could face twenty years in jail. 根据希腊严厉的反毒品法律，他们将面临 20 年监禁。
Whisk the egg whites until stiff. 把蛋清打成稠的。
a stiff whisky 烈性威士忌
The windows were stiff and she couldn't get them open. 窗户紧，她开不了。
Train doors have handles on the inside. They are stiff so that they cannot be opened accidentally. 火车车门内侧有把手。把手都很紧，防止意外开启。
a stiff breeze/wind (= one that blows strongly) 强风 
Next morning dawned clear and sunny, with a stiff breeze rustling the trees. 次日一大早，天空晴朗无云，大风吹得树木沙沙作响。
stiff cardboard 硬纸板 
a stiff brush 硬刷子 
The furniture was stiff, uncomfortable, too delicate, and too neat. 家具又硬又不舒服，太不结实而且太小巧。
His waterproof trousers were brand new and stiff. 他那条防水裤崭新笔挺。
The clothes were stiff with dust and grease. 衣服给尘土和油脂弄得硬邦邦的。
I've got a stiff neck. 我脖子发僵。
My fingers had gone stiff with cold. 我的手指已经冻僵了。
She lay stiff and still beside him. 她直挺挺地躺在他身旁，一动不动。
to sit stiff 僵直地坐着 
to stand stiff 僵直地站着 
The captain stood as stiff as a board. 船长站得笔直。
The clothes on the washing line were frozen stiff. 挂在晾衣绳上的衣服冻硬了。
I came home from the game frozen stiff (= very cold). 我看完比赛回到家里，都快冻僵了。
He felt stiff all over. 他感觉浑身酸痛。
All that digging made me really stiff. 那一通挖掘让我浑身酸痛。
My arm's gone all stiff. 我的胳膊又酸又痛。
I was stiff from kneeling. 我跪得浑身酸痛。
I'm really stiff after that bike ride yesterday. 昨天骑了那趟自行车，我觉得浑身酸痛。
The Mud Bath is particularly recommended for relieving tension and stiff muscles. 特别推荐想要放松情绪、缓解肌肉酸痛的人泡泥浆浴。
I'm stiff all over right now--I hope I can recover for tomorrow's race. 我现在全身酸痛——希望明天比赛时能恢复过来。
There's a stiff $15 entrance fee to the exhibition. 展览会的入场费高达15元。
be bored stiff, be scared stiff, be worried stiff 非常厌烦；非常害怕；非常担心 
Anna tried to look interested. Actually, she was bored stiff. 安娜努力装出感兴趣的样子。实际上，她腻烦透了。
I was scared stiff when I realized what I'd done. 当我意识到自己的所作所为时，我吓坏了。
The company faces stiff competition from its rivals. 公司遇到对手的激烈竞争。
The new proposals have met with stiff opposition. 新提案遭到强烈的反对。
It was a stiff climb to the top of the hill. 费了好大劲才爬到山顶。

adj. 有毒的；引起中毒的:
adj. 有毒的；引起中毒的:
toxic |[ˈtɒksɪk;美ˈtɑ:k-]
Black walnuts can prove toxic to other plants. 可以证明黑胡桃会毒害其他植物。
toxic chemicals, toxic fumes, toxic gases, toxic substances 有毒的化学品；有毒烟雾；有毒气体；有毒物质 
to dispose of toxic waste 处理有毒废料 
Many pesticides are highly toxic. 许多杀虫剂毒性很大。
These products are not toxic to humans. 这些产品对人类没有毒性。
Black walnuts can prove toxic to other plants. 可以证明黑胡桃会毒害其他植物。

adj.（坏事）到处都存在或传播的且失控的，即泛滥的、猖獗的:
adj.（植物）疯长的（而控制不住的）:
rampant |[ˈræmpənt]
rampant inflation 失控的通胀 
Inflation is rampant and industry in decline. 通胀势头严重，工业不断下滑。
the rampant corruption of the administration 行政部门无处不在的贪污腐败 
Unemployment is now rampant in most of Europe. 在欧洲的大部分地区，失业问题难以控制。
Racism is rampant in the armed forces. 种族主义在军队中泛滥。
Sexism is rampant in many institutions. 许多大机构中的性别歧视现象很普遍。

Propulsion is the power that moves something, especially a vehicle, in a forward direction. 推进力
propulsion |英 [prə'pʌlʃ(ə)n]  美 [prə'pʌlʃən]| n. 推进；推进力/
...the submarine's propulsion system....该潜艇的推进系统。


tellingly 显露真相地
If something is telling, it shows the true nature of a person or situation. 显露真相的
The telling of a story or of something that has happened is the reporting of it to other people. 讲述
telling |英 ['telɪŋ]  美 ['tɛlɪŋ]| adj. 有效的；生动的；显著的/n. 命令；叙述；吐露真情/v. 告诉；讲述（tell的ing形式）；命令/n. (Telling)人名；(英)特林/
Most tellingly, perhaps, chimpanzees do not draw as much information from the world around them as we do.也许最能说明问题的是，黑猩猩从周围的世界获取的信息不如我们获取的那么多。
How a man shaves may be a telling clue to his age.一个男人如何刮脸也许会暴露他的实际年龄。
Juan sat quietly through the telling of this saga.胡安安静地坐着听完了这个长篇故事。


prep. 贯穿整个时期，自始至终:
adv. 自始至终:
prep. 在各处；到各处。即遍及:
adv. 各处，遍及:
throughout |[θru:'aʊt]
The museum is open daily throughout the year. 这个博物馆一年到头每天都开放。
The ceremony lasted two hours and we had to stand throughout. 仪式持续了两个小时，我们自始至终都得站着。
They export their products to markets throughout the world. 他们把产品出口到世界各地的市场。
The house was painted white throughout. 这所房子全都刷成了白色。
The route is well sign-posted throughout. 这条路线全程设有路标。

vt. 将（文本的某部分）用彩笔做标记；将（计算机屏幕的某区域）做高亮标记（使其更醒目）:
vt. 挑染（将部分头发染成浅色）:
n. [pl.] highlights 挑染的头发；（头发经阳光照射后产生强光效果的）浅色部分:
n. [pl.] highlights [术语]（图画的）强光部分:
n. [pl.] highlights [术语]（照片的）强光部分:
vt. 强调、凸显:
n. [C] 最好（或最精彩、最激动人心）的部分:
highlight |[ˈhaɪlaɪt]
the relevant maps with the route highlighted in yellow 用黄色荧光笔标出路线的相关地图 
I've highlighted the important passages in yellow. 我用黄色标出了重要段落。
Highlight the chosen area by clicking and holding down the left mouse button. 点击并摁住鼠标左键将所选区域高亮显示。
The report highlights the major problems facing society today. 报告特别强调了当今社会所面临的主要问题。
Last year Collins wrote a moving ballad which highlighted the plight of the homeless. 去年，柯林斯写了一首动人的抒情歌曲，突出描绘了无家可归者的苦境。
Once again, the 'Free Press' prefers not to highlight these facts. “自由新闻”组织再次故意不去突出强调这些事实。
These figures clearly highlight the difference in world living standards. 这些数据凸显出世界各地生活水平的差异。
The needs of these children were dramatically highlighted by the Action Group. 行动组令人印象深刻地凸显出这些孩子的各种需要。
The talks merely highlighted the great gulf in understanding between the two sides. 数次会谈仅仅凸显出双方的严重分歧。
The incident has sadly only served to highlight the differences within the party. 令人痛心的是，这一事件只是凸显了政党内部存在的种种分歧。
The real highlight of the trip for me was the visit to the Tower of London. 对我来说，这次旅行中最有趣的是伦敦塔之行。
personal highlight 个人生活中最闪亮的片段 
comic, football, musical, sporting（英）, sports（美）highlight 喜剧集锦；足球集锦；音乐集锦；体育集锦 
career highlight 职业生涯中的闪亮之处 
edited highlights（英）, recorded highlights（英）, video highlights 剪辑过的精彩片段；录制的精彩片段；视频集锦 
Recorded highlights of the match will be shown later tonight. 比赛的精彩录像片段将会在今晚晚些时候播出。
a match that is likely to prove one of the highlights of the tournament 可能是本次联赛中最精彩的比赛之一 
streamed video highlights from today's news 今日新闻要点的流视频 
The highlight of the week was Saturday's firework display. 本周的亮点是星期六的焰火。
The highlight of my day used to be cooking Meg a meal when she came in from work. 过去，我一天中最有意思的事就是在梅格下班回到家时为她做顿饭。

vt. 发明、设计新东西:
vt. 策划新东西或做某事的新方法:
vt. 想出新东西或做某事的新方法:
devise |[dɪˈvaɪz]
A new system has been devised to control traffic in the city. 控制城市交通的新系统已经设计出来。
New long-range objectives must be devised. 必须规划出新的长期目标。           
We devised a scheme to help him. 我们想出了一个帮他的计策。

vt. 抓住某事物，准备将其作为武器或工具，如操、挥、使用:
vt. 拥有并运用权力、权威、影响力等，如行使:
vt. 拥有并运用权力、权威、影响力等，如行使:
wield |[wi:ld]
a lone assailant wielding a kitchen knife 孤身一人、手持菜刀的袭击者 
He was wielding a large knife. 他挥舞着一把大刀。
to wield a sword 挥舞剑
She wields enormous power within the party. 她操纵着党内大权。
He remains chairman, but wields little power at the company. 他还是主席，但在公司没有什么实权了。
Drug cartels wielded enormous influence in the city. 贩毒集团在该城市有着巨大影响力。
She wields enormous power within the party. 她操纵着党内大权。
He remains chairman, but wields little power at the company. 他还是主席，但在公司没有什么实权了。
Drug cartels wielded enormous influence in the city. 贩毒集团在该城市有着巨大影响力。

adj. 极大的、巨大的、庞大的:
adj. 范围或程度极大的，即极其、十分:
enormous |[ɪˈnɔ:məs;美ɪˈnɔ:rməs]
enormous house, enormous dog 巨大的房子；大狗 
The main bedroom is enormous. 主卧室非常大。
an enormous amount of time 大量的时间 
There is, of course, an enormous amount to see. 当然有很多可看的。
enormous interest 浓厚的兴趣 
The problems facing the President are enormous. 总统面临的问题是巨大的。
It was an enormous disappointment. 真是让人万分失望。
his enormous capacity for brutality 他的穷凶极恶           

vt.＆vi. 光线逐渐变暗:
vt.＆vi. 褪色，使…褪色。是此义的常规用词:
vt.＆vi. 变得（或使…变得）更苍白或暗淡（如褪色，使褪色；光线逐渐变暗或声音逐渐变弱）:
vi. 1 fade (away) 逐渐变弱或消失（如记忆、情感或可能性逐渐变弱）:
2（运动员、运动队、演员等）表现得不像以前一样好:
fade |[feɪd]
The light faded. 光线逐渐变暗。
The curtains had faded in the sun. 窗帘已经给晒褪了色。
faded blue jeans 褪色的蓝牛仔裤
The curtains had faded in the sun. 窗帘已经给晒褪了色。
The light faded. 光线逐渐变暗。
His voice faded to a whisper. 他的声音越来越小，变成了耳语。
Her smile faded. 她的笑容逐渐消失。
Hopes of reaching an agreement seem to be fading away. 达成协议的希望看来已逐渐渺茫。
Prospects for peace had already started to fade. 和平的前景已开始变得暗淡。
All other issues fade into insignificance compared with the struggle for survival. 与挣扎求存相比，所有其他问题都显得不重要了。
Sympathy for the rebels is beginning to fade. 对造反者的同情在开始减弱。
to fade quietly into the background 悄无声息地消失于幕后 
Black faded on the final bend. 布莱克在最后一个弯道处速度慢了下来。


exhilarate |英 [ɪg'zɪləreɪt; eg-]  美 [ɪɡ'zɪləret]| vt. 使高兴，使振奋；使愉快/



vi. [非正式]（通常用slumming）（暂时）花时间过比以前更糟的生活，如逛贫民窟、体验下层社会的生活:
n. [C] 贫民窟、棚户区:
slum |[slʌm]
There are plenty of ways you can cut costs on your trip without slumming. 在旅行中，有许多办法既可以减少开销又不至于显得寒酸。
rich kids slumming it 体验下层社会生活的有钱人的孩子 
aristocratic types who enjoyed slumming around in musty old Scottish castles 喜欢在发霉的苏格兰古堡里体验苦日子的贵族阶层
a slum area of St Louis 圣路易斯的贫民区 
city, urban slums 城市贫民窟 
inner-city slums in the old cities of the north and east. 北部和东部老城市里的市中心贫民区 
She was brought up in the slums of Leeds. 她是在利兹的贫民区长大的。
poor slum 贫民窟 
rural slum 乡村贫民窟 
immigrant slum（尤美）移民贫民窟 
25% of the city lives in slums 25%的城市人口住在贫民窟。
slum conditions 贫民窟环境 
slum area, slum district, slum neighbourhood/neighborhood, slum street 贫民区；穷街陋巷 
slum dwelling, slum housing（尤英）, slum property, slum tenement 贫民窟住宅；贫民窟廉租公寓 
slum clearance 贫民窟拆迁 
slum children, slum kids（非正式）, slum dwellers 贫民窟儿童；贫民窟居民 
slum life 贫民窟生活 
slum landlord（尤英）（美式用slumlord）（索要高价的）贫民区房东 
a kid from the slums 来自贫民窟的儿童 
born in the slums of East London 出生在伦敦东区的贫民窟

vi.（尤指看不清时）仔细看:
n. [usually pl.] 年龄相同的人（此时可称为同辈）；社会地位相同的人:
n. [C] 英国的贵族成员:
peer |[pɪə(r);美pɪr]
We peered into the shadows. 我们往阴暗处仔细瞧。He went to the window and peered out. 他走到窗前仔细往外瞧。
A face was peering down at him. 一张脸俯视下来打量着他。
She peered around the corner. 她躲在拐角处张望。
His pale blue eyes peered anxiously at Vic. 他淡蓝色的眼睛焦虑地注视着维克。
She kept peering over her shoulder. 她不停地回头看。
He peered closely at the photograph. 他聚精会神地端详着相片。
I had been peering at a computer print-out that made no sense at all. 我一直盯着看一张毫无意义的计算机打印稿。
He watched the Customs official peer into the driver's window. 他看见海关官员透过驾驶座车窗仔细地往里看。
academic peer（尤美）学术同行 
She enjoys the respect of her professional peers. 她受到专业同行的尊敬。
peer evaluation, peer review 同行评价；同行评审 
Peer acceptance is particularly important for teenagers. 得到同辈接受，对青少年尤其重要。
Children often take up smoking because of peer pressure. 小孩子经常因为来自同龄人的压力而抽烟。
Peer pressure is strong among young people (= they want to be like other people of the same age). 年轻人受到强大的同辈压力。
children who are much cleverer than their peers 比同龄人聪明许多的孩子 
His engaging personality made him popular with his peers. 他迷人的个性使他深受同龄人的喜爱。
She was rejected by her peer group. 她不被同龄人所接纳。
We have seen several women who can outperform their male peers physically. 我们已经看到好几个女性在体力方面超过她们的男性同龄人。
peer interaction, peer relations, peer relationship 同辈交往；同辈关系 
peer culture 同辈文化 
peer network 同辈网络 
peer rejection, peer victimization 同辈排斥；同辈欺凌 
peer mediation 同辈人调解
Lord Swan was made a life peer in 1981. 斯旺勋爵于1981年受封终身贵族。
Conservative, Labour peer 保守党上议院议员；工党上议院议员 
hereditary peer 世袭贵族 
a peer of the realm（英）世袭贵族

n. [C]（广告、政党或其他组织机构所使用的）宣传性口号或标语（旨在传达信息或销售商品）:
slogan |[ˈsləʊgən;美ˈsloʊ-]
advertising, marketing slogan 广告口号；营销口号 
campaign, political slogan 竞选口号；政治口号 
patriotic, revolutionary slogan 爱国口号；革命口号 
empty slogan 空洞的口号 
T-shirt slogan 印在T恤衫上的口号 
The crowd began chanting anti-government slogans. 人群开始反复高呼反政府口号。
This year's safety campaign carries the slogan 'Wear a seat belt--every time'. 今年安全活动的口号是“上车即系安全带！”
Slogans had been daubed on the walls. 口号刷在了墙上。
We switched the car stereo to WKTU, 'the beat of New York', as its slogan goes. 我们把车上的音响调到WKTU音乐台，正如其宣传语所说的，听“纽约的节奏”。
They fought the election on the slogan ‘The time has come’. 他们以“恰逢其时”为竞选口号。
to protest under the slogan… 以…为口号进行抗议 
the slogan for the 2012 London Olympics 2012年伦敦奥运会口号

n. [U] [正式] ~ of sth 处理、办理:
n. [C] ~ (between A and B) 两者之间的商业交易、买卖:
transaction |[trænˈzækʃn]
the transaction of government business 处理政府事务
cross-border, international transaction 跨境交易；国际交易 
private transaction 私人交易
fraudulent transaction（尤英）欺诈交易 
The president had entered into fraudulent property transactions. 总裁参与了欺诈性的房地产交易。
illegal, suspicious transaction 非法交易；可疑交易 
secure Internet transactions 安全的网上交易 
cash, credit transaction 现金交易；信用交易 
credit-card, debit-card transaction 信用卡交易；借记卡交易 
electronic, Internet, online transaction 电子交易；互联网交易；在线交易 
business-to-business, e-commerce, over-the-counter transaction 企业对企业的交易；电子商务交易；场外交易 
Electronic banking may make over-the-counter transactions obsolete. 电子银行服务也许会淘汰场外交易。
banking, business, commercial, consumer, economic, financial, market, monetary transaction 银行业务；生意上的业务；商业业务；消费业务；经济业务；金融业务；市场交易；货币交易 
financial transactions between companies 公司之间的财务往来 
currency, foreign-exchange transaction 货币交易；外汇交易 
foreign currency transactions 外币交易 
property（尤英）, real estate（尤美）transaction 房地产交易 
share（尤英）, stock（尤美）股票交易 
to handle a transaction for a client为客户处理一笔交易 
to ensure the transaction proceeds smoothly 确保交易顺利进行 
transaction charges（尤英）, transaction cost 交易费用；交易成本 
Using the Internet can significantly reduce transaction costs. 互联网的使用可以大大减少交易成本。
The system records all transactions between the company and its suppliers. 这一系统记录公司与供应商之间的所有交易。
transactions over the Internet 网上交易

vt. ~ sth (in/into/within sth) 把某事物包括进来，使其成为某事物（如一个更大的群体、体系、思想等）的一部分，如纳入、并入:
vt. [商业] [常用被动式] 注册成立一家公司:
incorporate |[ɪnˈkɔ:pəreɪt;美-ˈkɔ:rp-]
The territory was formally incorporated into the Russian Empire in 1876. 这片领土于1876年正式划入俄罗斯帝国版图。
the countries which were forcibly incorporated into the empire 被强行并入该帝国的一些国家 
In 1940 the area was incorporated as part of the city of London. 该地区于1940年并入伦敦市，成为它的一部分。
The agreement would allow the rebels to be incorporated into a new national police force. 协议将允许把叛军收编入一支新的国家警备部队。
These new features can easily be incorporated. 这些新特色很容易加以吸纳。
We have incorporated all the latest safety features into the design. 我们在设计中纳入了所有最新的安全装置。
The new car design incorporates all the latest safety features. 新的汽车设计包括了所有最新的安全配备。
The new cars will incorporate a number of major improvements. 新款汽车会有若干重大改进。
The computer components are incorporated seamlessly. 这些计算机部件是无缝组和的。
These conditions must be expressly incorporated into the contract of employment. 这些条件必须明确地写进雇佣合同中。
Many of your suggestions have been incorporated in the plan. 你的很多建议已纳入计划中。
The party vowed to incorporate environmental considerations into all its policies. 该党宣誓要把环境因素纳入它所有的政策当中。
The data is now incorporated in the total figures. 该数据现已计入总数之中。
We can incorporate this information into our report. 我们可以在报告中加入这条信息。
Results are incorporated within personalized medical records. 结果写入了个人医疗记录之中。
The life cycle typically incorporates the following stages. 生命周期通常包括以下几个阶段。
The company was incorporated in 2002. 这家公司成立于2002年。

vt. ~ sb/sth (as sth) 丢弃自己不想要或不需要的东西:
n. [C] 被丢弃的一个人或事物:
vt.&vi.（在纸牌游戏中）打出自己不想要的一张牌:
n. [C] 纸牌游戏中打出的自己不想要的一张牌:
discard |[dɪsˈkɑ:d;美-ˈkɑ:rd]
Read the manufacturer's guidelines before discarding the box. 在丢掉盒子前先看一下制造商的使用说明。
discarded cigarette butts 丢弃的烟头 
The room was littered with discarded newspapers. 房间里到处是乱扔的报纸。
He had discarded his jacket because of the heat. 因天气炎热他脱掉了夹克。
10% of the data was discarded as unreliable. 10% 的数据因不可靠而被废弃。
the parts of the animal that people may simply discard as inedible 动物身上被认为不能吃而直接去弃的部分 
Older managers have been discarded in favour/fayor of younger people. 年龄较大的管理人员已遭弃用，由年轻一些的接手。
She could now discard all thought of promotion.（比喻用法）她现在可以打消晋升的念头了。
These ideas have now been completely discarded. 这些观念现在已经完全被抛弃了。
Rose quickly discarded the idea. 露丝很快抛弃了这种想法。

vi. ~ (around)(for sth) 用手摸索着寻找（看不到的东西）:
vi. ~ for 摸索（问题的解决方案等）:
vt. [非正式]（尤指猥亵地）摸某人:
n. [C] [非正式] 对某人的摸（尤指猥亵的摸）:
vt.&vi.（因看不清而）用手摸索着往前走:
grope |[grəʊp;美groʊp]
He groped around in the dark for his other sock. 他在黑暗中到处瞎摸找另一只袜子。
With his left hand he groped for the knob, turned it, and pulled the door open. 他左手摸索着门把手，转动一下，然后推开门。
Bunbury groped in his breast pocket for his wallet. 邦伯里手伸进前胸口袋里摸索钱包。
She groped blindly for the door handle. 她瞎摸着找门把手。
He groped for solutions to the problems facing the country. 他在探求国家所面临问题的解决办法。
She groped for a simple word to express a simple idea. 她想找个简单的词来表达简单的想法。
‘It's so…, so…’ I was groping for the right word to describe it. “它是那么…，那么…”我想找一个恰当的字眼来描述它。
He would try to grope her breasts and put his hand up her skirt. 他会试图摸她的胸部，还把手从她的裙子上向上移。
He groped his way up the staircase in the dark. 他摸黑走上楼梯。
She groped through the darkness towards the doors. 她摸黑朝门口走去。
I didn't turn on the light, but groped my way across the room. 我没有开灯，而是一路摸黑走过房间。
I groped my way across the pitch-black stage. 我在黑漆漆的舞台上摸索着前行。

adj. 1 [只用于名词前] 有三部分的；涉及三个人（或三个组）的:
2 三倍的:
vt.&vi.（使）变成三倍；（使）增至三倍:
triple |[ˈtrɪpl]
a triple heart bypass operation 心脏三处分流手术 
They're showing a triple bill of horror movies (= three horror movies one after the other). 他们正在连演三部恐怖片。
a triple somersault 空翻三周 
In 1882 Germany, Austria, and Italy formed the Triple Alliance. 1882年，德国、奥地利和意大利结成了三国同盟。
The amount of alcohol in his blood was triple the legal maximum. 他血液中的酒精含量为法定最高限量的三倍。
Its population is about triple that of Venice. 它的人口大约是威尼斯的三倍。
The mine reportedly had an accident rate triple the national average. 据报道,该矿事故发生率是全国平均水平的三倍。
The kitchen is triple the size it once was. 厨房面积扩为原先的三倍。
Output should triple by next year. 到明年产量应增至三倍。
I got a fantastic new job and my salary tripled. 我得到了一份非常好的新工作，薪水涨到了原来的三倍。
The Exhibition has tripled in size from last year. 展览会规模自去年已经扩至三倍。
Some homes have almost tripled in value. 有些房子的价格几乎上涨了两倍。
The figure has more than tripled to 67%. 这个数字已增加两倍多，达到 67%。

n. 1 [sing.] variety (of sth) 同一事物的若干不同种类:
2 [C] variety (of sth) 在同一个总群体下，（与其他种类的事物）不同的一个种类的事物（如植物、语言等的变体、变种、品种）:
n. [U]（存在的）多样化；（行为、过程的）多变性。相当于diversity:
n. [U] 美也用vaudeville，指一种综合性的剧院（或电视）娱乐节目（包括了各种各样的短小的表演，如歌唱、舞蹈、滑稽演出）:
n. [C] variety (of sth) 某种植物的变种、品种:
n. [C] variety (of sth) 某种语言的一个变体:
variety |[və'raɪətɪ]
a wide variety of patterns 种类繁多的图案 
a good variety of seafood 各式各样的海鲜菜品 
He resigned for a variety of reasons. 他由于种种原因辞职了。
This tool can be used in a variety of ways. 这一工具有多种用途。
different varieties of apple 苹果的不同品种 
different varieties of English 各类英语 
My cooking is of the ‘quick and simple’ variety. 我做饭菜属于既快捷又简单的那一类。
We all need variety in our diet. 我们都需要饮食多样化。
Dealing with customers adds variety to the job. 与顾客打交道使这份工作有了色彩。
the rich variety of the local bird life 当地丰富的鸟类品种
a variety show, a variety theatre 一档综艺节目；一个综艺剧场
grape, wheat variety 葡萄品种；小麦品种
different varieties of English 各类英语变体
