extra				额外的
dwindle				逐渐变小
patch				补丁，眼罩，地盘，时期
a patch of			小片
sketch				素描，概述
mean							意味着，打算，注定，吝啬的，出色的，平均数
trace								痕迹，微量，小路，查出
defence				保卫，防御物，辩解，防守，卫冕
expulsion				开除，排出
potential						潜在的，可能的，潜力
passport									护照，途径
craft					工艺，熟练的制作
gleam					微光，闪耀
a gleam of				一丝
overflow						溢出，挤满
solemn					严肃的，郑重的
vegetation				植被，无所事事
pliable					易弯的，易摆布的
apprehension				忧虑，逮捕，看法
rave						咆哮，热烈赞扬
locomotive				火车头，运动的
entrepreneur				企业家
doubtful					不大可能的，不确定的，令人生疑的，有问题的
morbid					消极的，病态的
violent								残暴的，猛烈的，突然的
exemplify					是...的典型，举例说明
cease					停止
rotate					旋转，轮换
solution								解决办法，溶液，答案
identify						辨认，认出，联系，认为...等同
paramount					首要的，至高无上的
combine							混合，搭配，使结合
\\\\\\\\

adv. 额外，另外，外加（即比通常的、比所认为或所期待的、比已存在的要多）:
adj. 比通常的（或所认为的、所期待的、已存在的）要多的，如额外的、外加的、附加的，相当于additional:
n. [C] 被附加到某事物上的一个非通常的（或非标准的、非必要的）且造成更多花费的事物，如额外收费的事物:
adj. 格外的，相当于additional:
adv. 与一个形容词或副词连用，超出通常的范围或程度等，即格外，分外，特别:
n. [C] 受雇在一部电影里扮演一个非常小的角色的一个人（通常为一个人或一群群众演员）:
extra |['ekstrə]
charge extra, pay extra, cost extra 另外收费；另付；额外花费 
I need to earn a bit extra this month. 我这个月需要挣点外快。
The rate for a room is £30, but breakfast is extra. 一个房间收费30英镑，但早餐另计。
Breakfast is provided at no extra charge. 供应早餐，不另收费。
extra work 额外工作 
an extra pint of milk 外加的一品脱牛奶 
The government has promised an extra £1 billion for health care. 政府承诺为医疗保健再拨款10亿英镑。
Take extra care on the roads this evening. 今晚在路上要格外小心。
Metallic paint is an optional extra.（英）喷金属漆是自由选择的，要额外收费。
Regular guests also get added extras like free room service. 常客还可以获得额外服务，如免费客房服务。
Optional extras include anti-lock brakes and an electric sunroof. 可选择的附加品包括防抱死制动系统和一个电动遮阳篷。
Take extra care on the roads this evening. 今晚在路上要格外小心。
You need to be extra careful not to make any mistakes. 你要格外小心，别犯错误。
an extra large T-shirt 一件特大号的T恤衫 
She tried extra hard. 她特别努力。

vi. ~ (away) (to sth) 逐渐变少或变小:
dwindle |[ˈdwɪndl]
dwindling audiences 越来越少的观众 
Support for the party has dwindled away to nothing. 支持这个党派的人数渐渐为零。
The group's support dwindled into insignificance. 该团体的支持减少到了微乎其微的地步。
Membership of the club has dwindled from 70 to 20. 俱乐部会员人数已从70减少到20。
The factory's workforce has dwindled from over 4,000 to a few hundred. 工厂雇员总数已经从 4,000 多人减少到几百人。
Exports are dwindling and the trade deficit is swelling. 出口在缩减，贸易赤字在增长。
Supplies of coal are dwindling fast. 煤的供应量在迅速减少。
Profits slowly dwindled to nothing. 利润慢慢减少到零。
asset dwindle, reserve dwindle, stock dwindle, number dwindle 资产缩减；储备减少；库存减少；数字减小 
to dwindle trickle 使液体流变得更细

n. [C] [美] 制服上的徽章、标识，相当于英式的badge:
vt. ~ sth (with sth) 打补丁，或修补一个破旧的洞或地方:
n. [C] 补丁:
n. [C] [非正式，尤英] 一段提到的时期，通常是一段艰难或痛苦的时期:
n. [C] 常指因一只眼损伤而戴的眼罩:
n. [C] [英，非正式] 某人的工作地；某人熟悉的地区；某人的家乡:
n. [C] 小块土地，尤指小块菜地或果园:
n. [C] [计算机] 修补程序，补丁程序:
n. [C] 一小块区域，尤指与周围不同的一小块区域:
n. [C] 戒烟贴片:
n. [C] [英，非正式] 某人的家乡:
patch |[pætʃ]
He wears a patch from his employer, Verizon. 他戴着一块雇主福莱森公司的臂章。
It has a UPS patch sewn on the right shoulder. 右肩处缝有一块UPS肩章。
Students were wearing American flag patches on their sleeves. 学生们在袖子上戴着绘有美国国旗的臂章。           
patched jeans 带补丁的牛仔裤 
to patch a hole in the roof 修补屋顶的漏洞 
He and Walker patched the barn roof. 他和沃克补好了谷仓顶。
One of the mechanics took off the damaged tyre, and took it back to the station to be patched. 其中一个机修工卸下坏轮胎，把它带回维修站修补。
Her trousers have patches all over them. 她的裤子上满是补丁。
I sewed patches on the knees of my jeans. 我在我的牛仔裤膝部打了个补丁。
jackets with patches on the elbows 肘部打着补丁的夹克 
to try to fix the flat tire by putting a patch on it 想打上一块补丁修好漏气的轮胎
difficult patch 困难时期 
His marriage was going through a bad patch. 他的婚姻当时麻烦不断。
The company I work for went through a rough patch. 我所在的公司经历了一段困难时期。
Their business hit a sticky patch last year. 他们的生意去年遭遇了一段艰难时期。
I was going through a patch of poor health. 我那段时间健康状况不佳。
purple patch（英）巅峰时期 
The team has hit a purple patch, with nine wins from their last ten games. 球队在过去十场比赛中赢了九场，达到了巅峰期。
He had a black patch over one eye. 他一只眼戴着黑眼罩。
He knows every house in his patch. 他熟悉他那地区的每一座房子。
She has had a lot of success in her home patch. 她在自己的家乡地区真是一帆风顺。
vegetable, cabbage, potato, strawberry patch 一小块菜地；一小块卷心菜地；一小块马铃薯地；一小块草莓地 
the little vegetable patch in her backyard 她家后院中的一小块菜地 
a patch of land covered in forest 一小块林地 
grassy patch 一小块草地 
We found a nice patch of grass to sit on. 我们找了一小块草地坐下来。
located on a small patch of flat ground 位于一小块平地上 
briar patch（常为比喻用法，尤美）荆棘丛；困境 
The track passes through dense weeds and briar patches. 轨道穿过茂密的杂草和荆棘丛。
This led Nixon into a political briar patch. 这导致尼克松陷入痛苦而又难以脱身的政治困局。
security patch 安全补丁程序 
Follow the instructions below to download and install the patch. 按照下面的说明下载并安装修补程序。
Older machines will need a software patch to be loaded to correct the date. 老些的机器需要下载软件补丁来修改日期。
a bald patch on the top of his head 他头顶的秃块 
a black dog with a white patch on its back 背上有一块白斑的黑狗 
Flowers providing little bright patches of colour. 鲜花带来一片片艳丽的色彩。
The velvet curtains were faded in patches. 天鹅绒窗帘有些地方褪色了。
damp patches on the wall 墙上的片片湿渍 
A large damp patch had appeared on the ceiling. 天花板上出现了一大块潮斑。
patches of dense fog 团团浓雾 
There was a small patch of blue in the grey clouds. 灰色的云团中透出一小片蓝天。
There were some patches of clear blue sky. 天空中有几处晴朗蔚蓝的地方。
icy patches on the roads 路上结冰的地方
nicotine patches 尼古丁戒烟贴片
She has had a lot of success in her home patch. 她在自己的家乡地区真是一帆风顺。

n. [C] 电视上或剧场里的幽默短剧、小品（通常作为喜剧节目的一部分）:
vt. ~ sth (out) 简要描述某事，只给出基本事实:
n. [C] 简短的只有基本细节的报告或故事，如概述、简报:
vt.&vi. 给某人或某事物画素描:
n. [C] 绘画中的素描画:
n. [C] 剧场里的幽默短剧、小品（通常作为喜剧节目的一部分）:
sketch |[sketʃ]
short sketch 幽默短剧 
comedy, comic, satirical sketch 喜剧小品；滑稽短剧；讽刺短剧 
revue sketch（尤英）时事讽刺剧 
The show sometimes feels like a university revue sketch. 这种表演有时感觉像大学里的时事讽刺剧。
a one-hour TV sketch (comedy) show 一小时电视喜剧小品表演 
sketch writer（尤英）喜剧小品作家 
sketch group（美）喜剧小品剧团 
I was in a sketch group for a couple of years. 我在喜剧团里待了几年。
The drama group did a sketch about a couple buying a new car. 剧社上演了一出夫妻二人买新车的短剧。
a five-minute sketch about a folk singer 刻画一位民歌手的五分钟幽默短剧          
She sketched out her plan for tackling the problem. 她简要叙述了解决问题的计划。
Cross sketched the story briefly, telling the facts just as they had happened. 克罗斯简要地叙述了事情的经过，把当时发生的情况一五一十地说了一遍。
The talk began with a thumbnail sketch of the political situation at that time. 讲座从对当时政治局势的简要概述开始。
thumbnail sketches of heads of state and political figures 对国家元首和政治人物的简略叙述 
a biographical sketch of the Prime Minister 首相生平简介 
character sketch 人物简介 
He gave us character sketches of all his relations. 他向我们简单描述了一下他所有的亲戚。
He begins the tour with a brief historical sketch of the town. 游览之前他先对这个镇子的历史作了简短概述。
I had a basic sketch of a plan. 我有一个基本的计划框架。
He quickly sketched the view from the window. 他很快勾勒出了窗外的风景。
Clare and David Astor are sketching a view of far Spanish hills. 克莱尔和戴维·阿斯特正在画远处西班牙山峦的风景素描。
I always sketch with pen and paper. 我总是用钢笔和纸画素描。
charcoal, ink, pencil, watercolour sketch 炭笔速写；钢笔速写；铅笔速写；水彩速写 
sketch pad 草图 
sketch plan（英）略图 
sketch artist（尤美）肖像素描专家 
a sketch of a soldier by Orpen 奥彭所画的一幅士兵素描 
The family house appears in several of her sketches. 她的几幅素描中均出现了家宅。
to make a sketch for an oil painting 为油画作草图 
The artist is making sketches for his next painting. 画家正为他的下一幅作品画素描。
He did some rough sketches of the costumes. 他画了一些服饰的草图。
She drew a sketch map of the area to show us the way. 她画了一幅这个地区的略图，用来给我们指路。
short sketch 幽默短剧 
comedy, comic, satirical sketch 喜剧小品；滑稽短剧；讽刺短剧 
revue sketch（尤英）时事讽刺剧 
The show sometimes feels like a university revue sketch. 这种表演有时感觉像大学里的时事讽刺剧。
a one-hour TV sketch (comedy) show 一小时电视喜剧小品表演 
sketch writer（尤英）喜剧小品作家 
sketch group（美）喜剧小品剧团 
I was in a sketch group for a couple of years. 我在喜剧团里待了几年。
The drama group did a sketch about a couple buying a new car. 剧社上演了一出夫妻二人买新车的短剧。
a five-minute sketch about a folk singer 刻画一位民歌手的五分钟幽默短剧

adj. [文学] 外观差而脏的:
adj. [英] [美为cheap] 不愿意去给予或分享（尤指金钱）的，即吝啬的，小气的:
mean sb to be sth 常用被动式，指想要某人成为…；想要某人去做某事:
adj. mean (to sb)（人或其行为）不善良的、刻薄的、不友好的（如不让某人拥有…或做某事）。一般不表示言辞刻薄:
adj. [尤美] 有可能要发怒或变得暴力的，即要发怒的，要发狂的；脾气坏的；残忍的:
mean sth for sb 有…目的或打算。相当于intend。也较为常用，与intend很多情况下可互换:
vt.＆vi. 有…结果，或有可能产生…结果，即意味着…:
vt. 对…当真（即严肃而非开玩笑、非夸张或非出于礼貌）:
adj. [术语] 只作前置定语，（尺寸、数量等）中间的，中等的，平均的，介于最高和最低之间的:
n. [sing.] 数学中的平均数、平均值或算术中项，也可叫arithmetic mean。也不如average常用:
vt. 1 mean sth (to sb) 表示…的意思:
2 想要在某场合说某事，即意思是，本意是:
adj. [正式]（人的智力、理解力或能力）平庸的，一般的:
adj. [旧时] 出身（或来自）于下层阶级的:
n. [C] mean (between A and B) 在两个极端中间且比这两个极端都更好的一种品质、条件或做事方式，即折中；中庸；中间等:
vt. mean sth to sb 无被动式，对某人重要（或有价值）:
vt. 注定（要发生）:
adj. [尤美，非正式] 非常好且熟练的，可叫做出色的:
mean |[mi:n][mi:n]
mean houses, mean streets 脏乱的房屋；脏乱的街道
I thought it was really mean of him not to pay for the meal. 我觉得他没掏那顿饭钱真是抠门儿。
She’s very mean with her money. 她花钱很小气。
vt. mean sb for sth 
His father meant him to be an engineer. 他父亲想让他当个工程师。
Don’t be so mean to your little brother! 别对你弟弟那么刻薄！
That was a pretty mean trick. 那把戏可是够卑鄙的。
That’s a mean-looking dog. 那狗看上去很凶啊。
a mean man 残忍的人
vt.＆vi. mean sth (as sth) 
mean what ... 
I didn’t mean you to read the letter. 我没打算让你看那封信。
The chair was clearly meant for a child. 这椅子显然是专为儿童预备的。
He means what he says. 他说话是当真的。
Don’t laugh! I mean it. 别笑！我是认真的。
He means trouble. 他存心捣乱。
Spending too much now will mean a shortage of cash next year. 现在花销太多就意味着明年现金短缺。
Do you have any idea what it means to be poor? 你知不知道贫穷意味着什么？
This new order will mean working overtime. 这新订单一来，我们就得加班加点。
The injury could mean him missing next week’s game. 这次受伤可能使他无法参加下周的比赛。
The symptom does not necessarily mean cancer. 该症状并不一定表明癌症的存在。
He says you’re fired if you’re not back at work on Friday. And I think he meant it. 他说如果你周五不回来上班的话，就会被解雇。我想他是当真的。
the mean temperature 平均气温 
Take a hundred values and calculate the mean. 取一百个值计算平均数。
What does this sentence mean? 这个句子是什么意思？
What does “evidence” mean? “evidence”是什么意思？
Does the name ‘David Berwick’ mean anything to you? 你知道戴维·贝里克是谁吗？
The flashing light means (that) you must stop. 闪烁的灯光表示你必须停下。
What did he mean by that remark? 他说那话是什么意思？
What she means is that there’s no point in waiting here. 她的意思是说在这儿等下去没什么意义。
Know what I mean?（非正式用法）明白我的意思吗？
I see what you mean, but I still think it’s worth trying. 我知道你是什么意思，但我仍然认为它值得一试。
This should be clear even to the meanest intelligence. 就是对智力最平庸的人来说，这也应当是非常明了的。
He needed to find a mean between frankness and rudeness. 他需要在坦诚与唐突之间找到折中的方法。
Your friendship means a great deal to me. 你的友谊对我来说是很珍贵的。
$20 means a lot when you live on $100 a week. 当你每周就靠100美元维持生活时，20美元可是个大数目。
Her children mean the world to her. 她的孩子就是她的一切。
The failure meant nothing to him. 这次失败对他来说并不重要。
I was never meant for the army. 我根本就不是块当兵的料。
Philip and Kim were meant for each other. 菲利普和金真是天生的一对。
a mean tennis player 出色的网球选手 
She plays a mean game of chess. 她的国际象棋下得很棒。

n. 1 [C, U] 表明某人或某事物过去曾存在或出现的一个标记、物体或迹象，如遗迹、痕迹、踪迹:
2 [sing.] sink without (a) ~（某人或某事物）迅速销声匿迹、迅速沉寂:
vt.（用手指或脚尖等在表面上）绘出、勾勒出某事物的外形或轮廓:
n. [C] ~ of sth 某事物的极少量:
vt. ~ sb/sth (to sth) 通过仔细寻找而找到某人或某事物:
vt. ~ sth (back) (to sth) 寻找某事物的起源或原因:
n. [C] [术语] 机器获取信息后，在纸上或屏幕上显示的一条线或一个图形:
vt. 描述（事物的过程或发展）:
n. [C, usually pl.] 用于把马和其所拉的车拴在一起的两根皮质长绳子之一:
vt. ~ sb/sth (to sth) 通过仔细寻找而找到某人或某事物:
vt. ~ sth (back) (to sth) 寻找某事物的起源或原因:
vt. ~ sth (out) 在一个表面上画线:
vt.（用手指或脚尖等在表面上）绘出、勾勒出某事物的外形或轮廓:
vt.（把一张透明的纸覆盖在地图或图画上，然后）在透明的纸上复制或描摹地图或图画:
trace |[treɪs][treɪs]
archaeological, historical trace 考古遗迹；历史遗迹 
indelible, permanent trace 抹不掉的印记；永久的印记 
memory trace（术语）记忆痕迹 
It's exciting to discover traces of earlier civilizations. 发现以前文明的遗迹，真令人兴奋。
The local church has traces of fifteenth-century frescoes. 当地教堂仍留有 15 世纪壁画的遗迹。
Little trace is left of how Stone Age people lived. 石器时代人类的生活状况几乎无迹可寻。
Traces still remain of the old brewery. 老酒厂仍然有迹可寻。
There's been no trace of my aunt and uncle. 没有我姑姑、姑夫的踪迹。
Police searched the area but found no trace of the escaped prisoners. 警方搜索了那一地区，但未发现越狱逃犯的任何踪迹。
e burglar had left several traces of his presence. 窃贼在现场留下了几处痕迹。
The search party had found no trace of the missing climbers. 搜救队没有找到失踪登山者的踪迹。
Remove all traces of rust with a small wire brush. 用小钢丝刷擦去所有锈迹。
Years of living in England had eliminated all trace of her American accent. 她因多年居住在英国，美国口音已荡然无存。
‘No thanks,’ she said, with a trace of irritation in her voice. “不，谢了。”她说，声音里带着一丝恼怒。
without trace（英）, without a trace 无影无踪 
The plane was lost without a trace over the Atlantic. 飞机在飞越大西洋上空时消失得无影无踪。
The ship had vanished without (a) trace. 那艘船消失得无影无踪。
The ship seems to have sunk without trace. 那艘船似乎已经沉没，无迹可寻。
The Social Democratic Party has sunk without trace at these elections. 社会民主党在这些选举中已销声匿迹。
Pop groups are like Olympic swimmers — they hit gold once, then they sink without trace. 流行乐队就像奥林匹克游泳选手——拿到一次金牌后就无声无息了。
He traced the route on the map. 他在地图上勾画出了路线。
I traced the course of the river on the map. 我在地图上勾勒出这条河的流向。
She lightly traced the outline of his face with her finger. 她轻轻地用手指去感觉他脸的轮廓。
A tear traced a path down her cheek. 一滴眼泪沿着她的面颊流了下来。          
trace amount 微量 
trace element, trace gas, trace metal, trace mineral 微量元素；微量气体；微量金属；微量矿物 
Seaweed is rich in vitamins and trace elements. 海藻含有丰富的维生素和微量元素。
The post-mortem revealed traces of poison in his stomach. 验尸发现他胃中有微量毒物。
The water was found to contain traces of cocaine. 发现水里含有微量可卡因。
Wash them in cold water to remove all traces of sand. 用冷水冲洗它们以清除所有的沙子。
He took great pains to write on his subject without a trace of sensationalism. 他尽力不带一丝哗众取宠的色彩来写作他的题材。
There was not the faintest trace of irony in her voice. 她的声音里没有一丁点儿的讽刺意味。
She spoke without a trace of bitterness. 她说话时一点儿也不伤感。
a trace of amusement, a trace of anxiety, a trace of a smile 有点儿觉得好笑；有一丝忧虑；有一缕微笑
We finally traced him to an address in Chicago. 我们终于追查到他在芝加哥的一个地址。
Police are anxious to trace two men seen leaving the house just before 8am. 早上将近8点时有人看到两名男子离开那所房子，警方急于找到他们。
Police have been unable to trace her movements during her final days. 警方无法追踪到她最后几天的行程。
The stolen paintings have been successfully traced to a London warehouse. 失窃的画已成功地在伦敦的一个仓库中找到。
We are currently trying to trace the whereabouts of certain sums of money. 我们目前正试图找到某些钱款的下落。
She could trace her family tree back to the 16th century. 她能把本族家谱追溯到16世纪。
The exhibition traces the history of graphic design in America from the 19th century to the present. 展览追溯了美国从19世纪至今的平面设计历史。
Words have over the centuries acquired meanings not easily traced in dictionaries. 经过了数百年，词语的有些含义在词典里已难以查到来源。
The origins of the custom are difficult to trace. 很难追溯这种风俗的起源。
I first went there to trace my roots, visiting my mum's home island of Jamaica. 我最初到那里是为了寻根，探访我妈妈的故乡牙买加岛。
The leak was eventually traced to a broken seal. 最后查出泄漏是由于密封处破裂所致。
The police traced the call (= used special electronic equipment to find out who made the telephone call) to her ex-husband's number. 警方用追踪装置查出是她前夫的电话号码打出的电话。
The trace showed a normal heart rhythm. 描记图表明心率正常。
Her book traces the town's history from Saxon times to the present day. 她的书描述的是这个市镇从撒克逊时代到现在的历史。
Police are anxious to trace two men seen leaving the house just before 8am. 早上将近8点时有人看到两名男子离开那所房子，警方急于找到他们。
Police have been unable to trace her movements during her final days. 警方无法追踪到她最后几天的行程。
The police traced the call (= used special electronic equipment to find out who made the telephone call) to her ex-husband's number. 警方用追踪装置查出是她前夫的电话号码打出的电话。
She traced a line in the sand. 她在沙地上画了一条线。
He traced the route on the map. 他在地图上勾画出了路线。
I traced the course of the river on the map. 我在地图上勾勒出这条河的流向。
She lightly traced the outline of his face with her finger. 她轻轻地用手指去感觉他脸的轮廓。
A tear traced a path down her cheek. 一滴眼泪沿着她的面颊流了下来。
She learned to draw by tracing pictures out of old storybooks. 她通过描摹旧故事书上的图画学会了画画。

n. [C, U] defence (against sth) 起防御作用的事物:
n. 1 [U] 防御，保卫…使其免受批评:
2 [C] 为支持…而说出或写出的东西，即辩解，辨白:
n. [C, U] defence (against sth) 对疾病起防御作用的事物:
n. [C, U] 可数时为单数名词，体育运动中可指防守队员:
n. [C] 体育运动中的卫冕赛，即冠军为保住自己的头衔所进行的比赛:
n. [C, U] 可数时为单数名词，体育运动中可指赛场上防守队员所处的防守位置:
n. 1 [U] 防御，保卫领土使其免受攻击:
2 [C, U] defence (against sth) 对敌人起防御作用的事物:
3 [U] 国防机构，国防体系:
n. 1 [C] 法庭上证明某人无罪的辩词，还可指这种辩护行为。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
2 [C] the defence为单数名词，指为某人做无罪辩护的辩护律师:
n. [C] the defence为单数名词，指为某人做无罪辩护的辩护律师，此时词义与advocate未见明显差别:
defence |[dɪ'fens]（美defense）
With her tears she completely overwhelmed his defences. 她用眼泪彻底攻破了他的防线。
Humour is a more effective defence than violence. 幽默是比暴力更有效的防御武器。
He always sprang to Rose’s defence when Ed tried to criticize her. 他总是在埃德想批评罗丝时站出来为她说话。
I have to say in her defence that she knew nothing about it beforehand. 我得为她说句话，她事先并不知道此事。
a defence of Marxism 捍卫马克思主义
immune defence 免疫防御 
the body’s natural defence against viruses 身体对病毒的天然抵抗力
Milan’s defence of the European Cup 欧洲杯米兰队冠军卫冕赛
He plays in defence.（英）他打防守。
He plays on defense.（美）他打防守。
He cut through the defence to score the winning goal. 他突破防守攻入了制胜的一球。
national, territorial defence 国防；领土防御 
air defence 防空 
civil defence 民防 
nuclear defence 核防御 
defence against attacks from the north 抵御来自北方的进攻 
weapons of defence 防御武器 
soldiers who died in defence of our country 为保卫我们的祖国而献身的战士 
coastal, sea defence 海岸防御工事；海上防御工事 
missile defence 导弹防御工事 
The town walls were built as a defence against enemy attacks. 城墙是为防御敌人攻击而修建的。
They are building up defences along the river. 他们正在加固沿河的防御工事。
the Ministry of Defence（英）国防部 
the Department of Defense（美）国防部 
defence minister（英国的）国防部长 
Defense Secretary（美国的）国防部长 
defence capacity, defence force, defence forces, defence system 国防能力；国防力量；国防部队；国防体系
defence policy, defence strategy 国防政策；国防战略 
defence expert 国防专家 
defence industry 国防工业 
defence budget 国防预算
legal defence 法律辩护 
insanity defence（尤美）精神病辩护 
defence lawyer, defence team 辩护律师；辩护团队 
defence witness 辩方证人 
a defence to murder 对谋杀案进行的辩护 
She spoke in his defence. 她为他辩护。
Her defence was that she was somewhere completely different at the time of the crime. 她的辩词是案发时她根本就不在现场。

n. [U, C] ~ (from…) 将某人从学校或组织机构开除、除名:
n. [U, C] ~ (from…) 对某人的驱逐:
n. [U] [正式] ~ (from…)（人体内或容器内部）物质的排出:
n. [U] [正式] ~ (from…)（人体内）物质的排出:
expulsion |[ɪkˈspʌlʃn]
The headteacher threatened the three girls with expulsion. 校长以开除来威胁这三名女学生。
Her hatred of authority led to her expulsion from high school. 她对权威的仇恨导致她被中学开除。
Several students now face expulsion. 有几个学生现在面临被开除学籍的处分。
Copying from another candidate results in automatic expulsion. 抄袭其他应试者将被自动取消资格。
The club faces expulsion from the football league. 这家俱乐部面临被足协开除的处境。
an ex-party member who intends to appeal against his expulsion（appeal against为英式用法）打算对被开除党籍提出上诉的前党员 
His disruptive conduct was felt to be sufficient grounds for his expulsion. 他的扰乱行为被视为开除他的充分理由。
These events led to the expulsion of senior diplomats from the country. 这些事件导致一些高级外交官被驱逐出境。
The government ordered the immediate expulsion of the two men. 政府命令立即将这两个人驱逐出境。
the expulsion of Yemeni workers 对也门工人的驱逐 
her expulsion from the society 她被社会所抛弃
their expulsion from the digestive tract 它们被从消化道排出 
the expulsion of waste products 废弃物的排出
their expulsion from the digestive tract 它们被从消化道排出 
the expulsion of waste products 废弃物的排出

n. [U] 存在并可以得到开发的品质，如潜力、潜质，相当于promise:
n. [U, C] 物理学中可指电场或电路中两点之间的电压数之差，即电势、电位、电压:
adj. 只用于名词前，指在未来可能发展成某事物的，或在未来可能得到发展的。即潜在的、可能的，相当于possible:
n. [U] potential (for/for doing sth) 某事发生（或得到发展、被使用）的可能性:
potential |[pə'tenʃl]
He has the potential to become a world-class musician. 他有潜力成为世界级的音乐家。
You aren’t using your computer to its full potential. 你没有充分发挥计算机的潜能。
commercial, economic potential 商业潜力；经济潜力 
an industry that has the potential for growth 有发展潜力的行业 
the product’s potential 这款产品的潜力 
The house has a lot of potential. 这所房子颇具潜力。
potential customers 潜在的客户 
a potential prime minister 未来的首相 
potential problems 潜在的问题 
a potential source 潜在的来源
the potential for change 变革的可能性 
excellent potential for increasing sales 增加销售的大好机遇

n. [C] passport to sth 使某事成为可能（或使你能够做成某事）的途径、方法、关键、手段，相当于key:
n. [C] passport to sth 使某事成为可能（或使你能够做成某事）的途径、方法、关键、手段，相当于key:
n. [C] 护照:
passport |['pɑːspɔ:t]['pɑːspɔ:t]
A high score in the test is a passport to success. 此项测试取得的高分是通向成功的关键。
The gold is his passport into professional boxing. 这块金牌是他进入职业拳坛的通行证。
A high score in the test is a passport to success. 此项测试取得的高分是通向成功的关键。
The gold is his passport into professional boxing. 这块金牌是他进入职业拳坛的通行证。
valid passport 有效护照 
fake passport 假护照 
Canadian passport 加拿大护照 
foreign passport 外国护照 
diplomatic passport 外交护照 
passport holder 护照持有人 
passport application 护照申请 

n. [U] [正式，贬] 获取某人信任的技能，如手腕、诡计、骗术:
vt. [常用被动式]（尤指用手工）精心制作:
n. [C]（其复数形式为craft）飞行器、宇宙飞船、航天飞机:
n. 1 [C, U] 用手部技能制作…的艺术，如手艺；工艺:
2 [sing.] 某一活动所需的全部技能、技艺、技巧:
n. [C]（其复数形式为craft）飞机:
n. [C]（其复数形式为craft）小船、轮船、船只:
craft |[krɑ:ft;美kræft]
He knew how to win by craft and diplomacy what he could not gain by force. 他擅长于通过计谋和外交手腕赢得他用武力无法得到的东西。
All the furniture is crafted from natural materials. 所有的家具均采用天然材料精心制作而成。
The windows would probably have been crafted in the latter part of the Middle Ages. 这些窗户很可能是中世纪后期精心制作的。
Many delegates were willing to craft a compromise. 很多代表都想要制订出一个周密的折中方案。
a carefully crafted speech 精心准备的讲话
traditional crafts like basket-weaving 像编篮子之类的传统工艺 
The men practised various traditional crafts. 这些人从事各种传统手工技艺。
Craft, Design and Technology (= a subject in some British schools) 工艺、设计与技术（英国某些学校中的科目）
All kinds of traditional craft industries are preserved here. 这里保留着各种各样的传统手工业。
Sheep shearing is a highly skilled craft. 剪羊毛是很讲究技巧的手艺。
country, local, rural craft 农村手艺；地方手艺；乡村手艺 
craft activity, craft project, craft work 工艺活动；工艺项目；工艺制品 
craft industry（手）工艺产业 
craft worker 手工艺人 
craft exhibition, craft fair, craft show, craft workshop 工艺品展览；手工艺品交易会；工艺品制作室 
craft shop（尤英）, craft store（尤美）工艺品商店
craft skill 手工工艺 
craft guild, craft union 手工艺行会 
craft foam，craft glue（美）, craft knife 工艺泡沫；工艺胶水；工艺刀 
art and craft 工艺美术 
Subjects taught include art and craft, drama, and languages. 所教科目包括工艺美术、戏剧和语言。
arts and crafts 工艺美术 
The gallery has major exhibitions of arts and crafts. 美术馆里有重要的工艺美术展览。
chefs who learned their craft in top hotels 在高级饭店学过烹调技艺的厨师 
the writer's craft 写作技巧 
the craft of writing 写作技巧 
Maurice Murphy, one of the country's leading classical trumpeters, learnt his craft with the Black Dyke Mills band. 作为该国最著名的古典小号演奏家，莫里斯·墨菲曾师从黑堤磨坊铜管乐团。
a carpenter who is a real master of his craft 技艺高超的木匠 
It took her years to perfect her craft. 她花费了多年心血来完善技艺。
comedians plying their craft for an agency（ply尤为美式用法）为一家代理机构辛劳工作的喜剧演员
Hundreds of small craft bobbed around the liner as it steamed into the harbour. 班轮驶进港口时，周围的许多小船颠簸起来。
With great difficulty, the fisherman manoeuvred his small craft close to the reef. 渔夫费了很大的劲才把他的小船划到暗礁旁。
The troops are reported to have advanced nearly four miles since they were landed from naval craft on Sunday evening. 据报道，部队自周日晚离开海军军舰登陆后已经挺进了将近四英里。
assault, fishing, landing, patrol, pleasure, river, sailing craft 突击舟；渔船；登陆艇；巡逻艇；游艇；内河船；帆船

vi. ~ (with/in sth)（人的眼睛）流露出（某种感情）:
n. [usually sing.] 感情在某人眼中的流露、闪现:
n. [usually sing.] 少量某事物:
vi. 发出苍白的微光、隐约闪光:
vi. ~ (with sth) 看上去洁净明亮:
n. [usually sing.] 微光（常指反射的微光）:
gleam |[gli:m]
His eyes gleamed with amusement. 他眼睛里流露出愉悦的神情。
Amusement gleamed in his eyes. 他眼睛里流露出愉悦的神情。
a gleam of triumph in her eyes 她眼里闪烁着胜利的光芒 
a mischievous gleam in his eye 他淘气的眼神 
The gleam in his eye made her uncomfortable (= as if he was planning sth secret or unpleasant). 他闪烁的眼神令她感到不舒服。
There was a gleam in her eye when she looked at me. 她朝我看时眼中流露出某种神情。
He had a speculative gleam in his eyes. 他眼睛里闪过一丝探询的神情。
A sudden gleam came into her eye as she remembered that tomorrow was her day off. 当她想到明天休息时，她眼睛一亮。
A gleam of laughter lit his eyes. 他眼里流露出一丝笑意。           
There was a gleam of hope for a peaceful settlement. 还有一线和平解决的希望。
gleams of wit 些许机智幽默 
a serious book with an occasional gleam of humour 偶有一丝幽默的严肃的书
The moonlight gleamed on the water. 月光照在水面上泛起粼粼波光。
The pebble beach gleamed white in the moonlight. 月光下，遍布鹅卵石的海滩闪烁着白光。
Her eyes gleamed in the dark. 她的眼睛在黑暗中闪烁。
His eyes gleamed almost wickedly. 他狡黠的双眼闪闪发亮。
Neon lights gleamed in the deepening mists. 霓虹灯在渐浓的雾霭中隐约闪烁。
The knife's blade gleamed dully in the dark. 刀刃在黑暗中闪着微光。
The house was gleaming with fresh white paint. 房子刚刷过白漆，显得光洁明亮。
Her teeth gleamed white against the tanned skin of her face. 她的牙齿在褐色面孔映衬下显得洁白明亮。
His black hair gleamed in the sun. 他的黑发在阳光下闪着光泽。
a gleaming red sports car 锃亮的红色跑车 
The long oak table gleamed with polish. 抛了光的橡木长桌闪闪发亮。
the gleam of moonlight on the water 水面上荡漾的月光 
the distant gleam of the sea 远处海上的微光 
the gleam of the dark river 黑黝黝的河流上闪烁的波光 
a faint gleam of light from under the door 从门下边的缝隙透进来的一束微光 
In the light from the hall, her hair had a golden gleam. 在大厅灯光的照射下，她的头发闪着金色的光芒。
A few gleams of sunshine lit up the gloomy afternoon. 太阳的光线使阴暗的下午亮了起来。
I saw the gleam of the knife as it flashed through the air. 我看见了刀在空中划过时的闪光。

vi. 洋溢着情感、情感溢于言表:
n. [C] 情感的洋溢:
vi. ~ (with sth)（一个地方）挤满了人:
vt.&vi. ~ (into sth) 从一个太满的地方（或容器）的界线扩展出去、延伸出去:
n. [U, sing.]（一个现有的空间）容纳不下的人或事物:
n. [C, usually sing.] [计算机] 是计算机的一种故障，指数字或数据项（如计算结果的数值）太大时，计算机不能准确将其显示出来。可称为溢出，上溢（运算产生的数值位数或字的长度等超过存储单元的长度）:
~ sth 因太满而从边缘溢出:
n. [U, sing.] 液体的溢出；溢出的液体:
n. [C] 溢流孔、溢流管（其作用在于让多余的液体从容器中流出）:
overflow |[ˌəʊvəˈfləʊ;美ˌoʊvərˈfloʊ]
Her heart overflowed with love. 她的心里充满了爱。
Kenneth overflowed with friendliness and hospitality. 肯尼思满怀友善好客之情。
Ridley's anger finally overflowed. 里德利终于按捺不住满腔的怒火。
an overflow of powerful emotions 横流的激情
The streets were overflowing with the crowds. 街上到处挤满了人群。
The hospitals are filled to overflowing (= with patients). 医院都人满为患。
The great hall was overflowing with people. 大礼堂里挤满了人。
Jails and temporary detention camps are overflowing. 监狱和临时拘留所里人满为患。
He was one of the few teachers who always filled the lecture room to overflowing. 他是为数不多的课堂场场爆满的老师之一。
The meeting overflowed into the street. 集会的人群延伸到了大街上。
The kitchen garden was full to overflowing with fresh vegetables. 家庭菜园里种满了新鲜蔬菜。
A new office block was built to accommodate the overflow of staff. 新建了一座办公大楼以便容纳多出的员工。
Tents have been set up next to hospitals to handle the overflow. 医院旁搭起了帐篷以安置容纳不下的人员。
an overflow car park 备用停车场
vt.&vi. ~ (with sth) 
The river overflowed its banks. 河水涨出了堤岸。
The bath is overflowing. 浴盆溢水了。
Pour in some of the syrup, but not all of it, as it will probably overflow. 倒一些糖浆进去，但别全倒，因为可能会溢出来。
Plates overflowed with party food. 聚会上的食物碟满盘盈。
an overflow of water from the lake 漫出的湖水 
The loch's overflow cascades into the waterfalls of a Japanese water garden. 溢出的湖水倾泻而下，形成了一座日式水景花园的瀑布。
the overflow pipe 溢流管

adj. 1（人）表情严肃的、冷峻的:
2（言行）庄严的、郑重的、严正的:
3（宗教礼仪或正式场合）庄严的、隆重的:
solemn |[ˈsɒləm;美ˈsɑ:ləm]
Her face grew solemn. 她的脸显得严肃起来。
a solemn expression 冷峻的表情 
His solemn little face broke into smiles. 他严肃的小脸蛋上突然绽放出笑容。
He looked solemn. 他看上去很严肃。
solemn oath, solemn undertaking, solemn vow 庄严的誓言；郑重的承诺；严肃的誓约 
a solemn pledge that he would never remarry 他永远不再结婚的郑重承诺 
He addressed them all in very solemn tones. 他用非常严肃的语气跟他们说话。
Her mood was rather solemn. 她显得相当郑重。
Our most solemn duty is to protect the public. 我们最庄严的职责就是保护公众。
a solemn ritual 隆重的仪式

n. [U]（统称）植物，尤指某地（或某环境）的植被（包含了所有花草树木）:
vegetation |[ˌvedʒəˈteɪʃn]
green vegetation 绿色植物 
dense, lush, thick vegetation 稠密的草木；茂盛的草木；茂密的草木 
scrub, sparse vegetation 矮小的植物；稀疏的草木 
As we came closer to the desert, the vegetation became sparser. 我们越靠近沙漠，沿途的草木就变得越稀疏。
decaying, rotting vegetation 衰败的草木；腐化中的植物 
Removal of the natural vegetation has resulted in a loss of nutrients in the soil. 破坏天然植被造成了土壤养分的流失。
native vegetation 原生植被 
forest, woodland vegetation 森林植被；林地植被 
aquatic vegetation 水生植物 
tropical vegetation 热带植物 
The hills are covered in lush green vegetation. 这片丘岭草木茂盛，郁郁葱葱。
The inn has a garden of semi-tropical vegetation. 这家小旅馆里有一个亚热带植物园。
a smell of gently-rotting vegetation 一股植物轻微腐烂的味道

adj.（人）易受影响的或容易受控制的:
adj. 易弯曲的、柔韧的，相当于flexible:
pliable |[ˈplaɪəbl]
If we go on expecting our daughters to be decorative and pliable and empty-headed, they'll be inadequately prepared for the future. 如果我们继续期望自己的女儿只重外表、毫无主见、头脑空空的话，她们就会对未来准备不足。
As your baby grows bigger, his bones become less pliable. 随着宝宝的成长，其骨骼的柔韧性会降低。
The finely twined baskets are made with young, pliable spruce roots. 这些编织精美的篮子是用柔韧的云杉嫩树根编成的。

n. [U, C]（对可能发生的坏事的）担心、忧虑:
n. [U, C]（对可能发生的坏事的）恐惧:
n. [U] 理解；领悟:
n. [U] [正式]（通常指警察对某人的）逮捕、拘押:
apprehension |[ˌæprɪˈhenʃn]
There is growing apprehension that fighting will begin again. 人们愈来愈担心会重开战火。
He watched the election results with some apprehension. 他不无忧虑地观察选举结果。
The change in the law has caused apprehension among many people. 法律的改动令许多人担忧。
School reports are always received with some apprehension. 领取成绩报告单总是让人有些担心。
It reflects real anger and apprehension about the future. 它反映出对未来真实的愤怒和恐惧。
I tensed every muscle in my body in apprehension. 我吓得全身肌肉紧绷。
They were filled with apprehension as they approached the building. 他们走近那栋建筑时、内心充满了恐惧。
Marisa seemed to sense my growing apprehension. 玛丽产似以乎感觉到我越来越恐惧。
She felt some apprehension at the thought of seeing him again. 想到又要见他，她就感到有些发怵。
a feeling of apprehension, a sense of apprehension 恐惧的感觉 
a look of apprehension 恐惧的样子
the sudden apprehension of something familiar as something alien 突然间领悟到熟悉的事物原来如此陌生
information leading to the apprehension of the alleged killer 致使凶杀嫌犯被捕的信息

A rave is a big event at which young people dance to electronic music in a large building or in the open air. Raves are often associated with illegal drugs. (常涉及吸毒的) 狂欢聚会
(as modifier) 盛赞的
If you rave about something, you speak or write about it with great enthusiasm. 热烈谈论; (写作 )热情地描写
If someone raves, they talk in an excited and uncontrolled way. 狂乱地说
rave |英 [reɪv]  美 [rev]| n. 咆哮；胡言乱语；热烈赞美/vi. 咆哮；胡言乱语；狂骂/vt. 咆哮；语无伦次地说/adj. 赞扬的/n. (Rave)人名；(法)拉夫；(西、芬、德、瑞典)拉韦/
...an all-night rave.…一场通宵狂欢晚会。
a rave review
"I'd no idea Milan was so wonderful," he raved.“我之前不知道米兰是那么棒，”他感叹道。
Rachel raved about the new foods she ate while she was there.雷切尔大谈特谈她在那里吃到的新食物。
"What is wrong with you, acting like that," she raved.“你是怎么了，会那样做事？”她狂吼道。
She cried and raved for weeks, and people did not know what to do.她又哭又叫了好几个星期，大家不知道怎么办。



locomotive |英 [ləʊkə'məʊtɪv]  美 [,lokə'motɪv]| adj. 火车头的；运动的；移动的/n. 机车；火车头/



n. [C]（创业的）企业家（强调冒险性）:
entrepreneur |[ˌɒntrəprəˈnɜ:(r);美ˌɑ:n-]
a recent MBA graduate and budding entrepreneur 一名刚刚工商管理硕士毕业的崭露头角的企业家 
a serial entrepreneur who had founded four companies 一位连续创办了四家公司的企业家 
business entrepreneur 企业家；实业家 
dotcom, Internet, music, property（英）, real estate（尤美）, retail entrepreneur 互联网企业家；音乐企业家；房地产企业家；零售业企业家

~ (about doing sth)（人）拿不定主意的、对某事不确定的、对某事怀疑的:
adj. [名词前不可用]（事情）不确定且很可能变得更糟的，如不明朗的:
adj. ~ (if/that/whether…) 不大可能的:
adj. [只用于名词前]（质量或价值）低劣的；（真实性或品质）未必真实的、未必靠得住的:
doubtful |[ˈdaʊtfl]
adj. ~ (about sth) 
Rose was doubtful about the whole idea. 罗斯对整个设想持怀疑态度。
He was doubtful about accepting extra work. 他拿不定主意是否接受额外工作。
I was still very doubtful about the chances for success. 我对能否成功仍然深表怀疑。
Why did he sound so doubtful? 为什么他听上去如此不确定？
Eric was far from sure and Marion looked doubtful. 埃里克根本没有把握，马里昂看上去也很疑惑。
She was rather doubtful about the wisdom of eating the seafood. 她很怀疑吃海鲜是否明智。
At the beginning of the war things were looking very doubtful. 战争刚开始时，形势看上去很不明朗。
It's doubtful if this painting is a Picasso. 这未必就是毕加索的画。
With her injuries it's doubtful that she'll ever walk again. 她多处受伤，今后能否行走还很难说。
It's doubtful whether the car will last another year. 这辆汽车未必还能用上一年。
He is injured and is doubtful for the game tomorrow (= unlikely to play). 他受了伤，明天未必能参赛。
For a time it seemed doubtful that he would move at all. 有一段时间他似乎根本不会搬家。
It is doubtful whether Tweed, even with his fluent French, passed for one of the locals. 尽管特威德能说一口流利的法语，他是否能被当作当地人还很难说。
Even if we could go, which is highly doubtful, John wouldn't be able to come with us. 即使我们能去——这还很没准儿—— 约翰也不能和我们一起去。
This wine is of doubtful quality. 这酒的质量有问题。
selling something that is overpriced or of doubtful quality 售卖漫天要价或质量低劣的东西 
They also seemed of very doubtful value. 它们好像也没有多大价值。

morbidly 病态地
If you describe a person or their interest in something as morbid, you mean that they are very interested in unpleasant things, especially death, and you think this is strange. 病态的
morbid |英 ['mɔːbɪd]  美 ['mɔrbɪd]| adj. 病态的；由病引起的；恐怖的；病变部位的/
There's something morbidly fascinating about the thought.这个想法有种令人病态地痴迷的因素。
Some people have a morbid fascination with crime.有些人对犯罪有种病态的迷恋。


adj. 表现出强烈感情的，或由其引起的:
adj. 指颜色极其明亮的，即鲜艳夺目的:
adj. 涉及肢体暴力的，或由肢体暴力引起的。是此义的基础和常规用词，最为常用:
adj. 非常强烈而突然的，即猛烈的，剧烈的，强烈的:
violent |['vaɪələnt]
There was a violent reaction from the public. 公众反应强烈。
Her dress was a violent pink. 她的连衣裙是非常鲜艳的粉红色。
violent crime 暴力犯罪 
violent clashes 暴力冲突 
The crowd suddenly turned violent. 人群中突然有人开始大打出手。
violent games 暴力游戏 
violent movies 暴力电影 
a violent man 粗暴的人 
to be violent toward sb 对某人动粗 
She started to get violent. 她开始变得暴虐。
He met with a violent death. 他遭暴力致死。
violent opposition to the programme 对该项目的强烈反对 
violent stomachache 剧烈的胃疼 
a violent change 剧烈的变化 
a violent explosion 猛烈的爆炸 
a violent storm 猛烈的暴风雨 
a violent dislike 强烈的厌恶

vt. [常用被动式] [正式] 是…的典型（或典范、榜样）:
vt. [常用被动式] [正式] 举例说明:
exemplify |[ɪgˈzemplɪfaɪ]
Her early work is exemplified in her book, ‘A Study of Children's Minds’. 她的《儿童思维研究》一书是她早期的代表作。
His food exemplifies Italian cooking at its best. 他的菜肴代表了意大利烹饪的最高峰。
The room's style exemplifies Conran's ideal of 'beauty and practicality'. 那个房间的风格是体现康兰“美观和实用”观念的典范。
the emotional expressiveness of modern dance as exemplified by the work of Martha Graham 以玛莎·格雷厄姆的作品为代表的现代舞的情感表现力
She exemplified each of the points she was making with an amusing anecdote. 她的每一个论点都用一个逸闻趣事来说明。

vt.&vi. [正式]（使）停止、终止、结束:
cease |[si:s]
At one o'clock the rain had ceased. 一点时，雨已停了。
The noise faded, then ceased altogether. 噪声逐渐减弱，然后完全停了。
The bird's song ceased abruptly. 鸟儿的鸣叫声戛然而止。
He ordered his men to cease fire (= stop shooting). 他命令手下停止射击。
These violations of the code must cease forthwith. 这些违法行为必须立即停止。
They voted to cease strike action immediately. 他们投票决定立即停止罢工。
Welfare payments cease as soon as an individual starts a job. 一旦就业，即停发福利救济。
The company ceased trading in June. 这家公司已于六月停业。
The Tundra Times, a weekly newspaper in Alaska, ceased publication this week. 阿拉斯加的周报《苔原时报》本周停刊了。
The matches ceased with the outbreak of war. 比赛因战争而停止。
My job had effectively ceased to exist. 我的工作岗位实际上已经不存在了。
The conversation had long ceased to interest me. 我早就对谈话丧失了兴趣。
You never cease to amaze me! 你总能给我惊喜！
The secrecy about the President's condition had ceased to matter. 总统的健康状况已经没有保密的必要。

vt.＆vi. ~ (about/around sth)（使某事物）沿着一个固定的中心点移动或转动:
vt.＆vi. 工作由…轮值，或工作人员轮换（主语可以是工作，也可以是人，不过一般是人）:
rotate |[rəʊˈteɪt;美ˈroʊteɪt]
The blades rotate around a central point. 桨叶绕着中心点旋转。
The earth rotates on its axis. 地球绕地轴自转。
It is best to allow the rotor to rotate freely. 最好让转子自由旋转。
The handle rotates through 360 degrees. 这个把手可旋转360°。
Rotate the wheel through 180 degrees. 将方向盘转动180度。
The EU presidency rotates among the members. 欧盟主席一职由其成员国轮流担任。
When I joined the company, I rotated around the different sections. 我加入这个公司时，轮换过几个不同的部门。
We rotate the night shift so no one has to do it all the time. 我们轮流值夜班，这样就不会有人总是夜班了。

n. [C] ~ (to sth) 问题的解决办法，或艰难局面的处理手段:
n. [U] 在液体中的溶解过程:
n. [C, U] 溶液:
n. [C] ~ (to sth) 谜题或数学题的答案:
solution |[səˈlu:ʃn]
There's no simple solution to this problem. 这个问题没有简单的解决办法。
the ability to sort out simple, effective solutions to practical problems 找出简单有效的方法解决实际问题的能力 
Although he has sought to find a peaceful solution, he is facing pressure to use greater military force. 尽管他试图寻求和平解决，但现在却面临使用更多武力的压力。
Attempts to find a solution have failed. 试图找到解决办法的种种努力全都失败了。
Do you have a better solution? 你有更好的解决办法吗？
the solution of glucose in water 葡萄糖在水中的溶解
an alkaline solution 碱溶液 
saline solution 盐溶液 
a warm solution of liquid detergent 热洗涤剂溶液 
Vitamins in solution are more affected than those in solid foods. 溶液里的维生素比固体食物里的维生素受到的影响更大。
the solution to crossword No. 19721 第 19721 号纵横字谜的答案 
The solution to last week's quiz is on page 81. 上星期测验的答案在第81页。

vt. 把…与…密切联系、认为…与…有关联:
vt. ~ sb/sth (as sb/sth) 使某人或某事物有可能被辨认出，如显示、是…的标志:
vt.（也可用非正式的ID）~ sb/sth (as sb/sth) 辨认出（即因为不同点而找出…）:
vt. 找到、发现:
vi. ~ with 理解、体会、认同（某人的感情或想法）:
vt. 指认、确认、验明某人或某事物（即说出其名字、身份或本质）:
vt. 确认:
identify |[aɪˈdentɪfaɪ]
She hates playing the sweet, passive women that audiences identify her with. 她讨厌扮演那些漂亮可爱、消极被动的女人，观众们已把她定型为这类角色。
The candidates all want to identify themselves with reform. 候选人都想把自己与改革密切联系起来。
The policy is closely identified with the President himself. 这项政策被认为与总统本人有密切关联。
Great orchestras came to be identified increasingly with German conductors. 杰出的交响乐团越来越被认为是德国指挥的功劳。
In many cases, the clothes people wear identify them as belonging to a particular social class. 很多情况下，人们的穿着显示出他们的社会阶级。
She wore a little nurse's hat on her head to identify her. 她头戴一顶小护士帽，很容易辨认。
His boots and purple beret identify him as commanding the Scottish Paratroops. 他的长靴和紫色贝雷帽表明他统领着苏格兰伞兵部队。
The pressbook did not specifically identify the film's setting. 宣传材料没具体说明电影的背景。
a serial number that uniquely identifies the disk 用于逐一区分光盘的序列号
The bodies were identified as those of two suspected drug dealers. 那两具尸体被辨认出原是两名贩毒嫌疑犯。
She was able to identify her attacker. 她认出了袭击她的人。
I could identify him easily if I saw him again. 如果再见到他，我很容易就能把他认出来。
Did you identify all the pictures correctly? 你把所有照片都认对了吗? 
There are a number of distinguishing characteristics by which you can identify a Hollywood epic. 好莱坞的史诗大片有着一些与众不同的特点。
I tried to identify her perfume. 我试图分辨出她用哪种香水。
The new test will enable us to identify more accurately patients who are most at risk. 新的检测方法将使我们能够更加准确地识别哪些病人的情况最危急。
Participants learn to identify different species by their calls. 参与人员学习通过分析鸣叫声音来分辨不同的物种。
Jaime successfully identified all 45 different species. 杰米成功辨别出全部45个物种。
a computer program to automatically identify any query ending with a question mark 一套自动识别以问号结尾的问句的计算机程序
Scientists have identified a link between diet and cancer. 科学家发现了饮食与癌症之间的关联。
The researchers hope to identify ways to improve the treatment. 研究人员希望找到提高治疗效果的方法。
As yet they have not identified a buyer for the company. 迄今为止他们还没有为公司找到买主。
He has stepped up efforts to identify and acquire other small companies. 他加紧努力寻找并收购别的小公司。
They are trying to identify what is wrong with the present system. 他们正试图弄清现行制度的弊端所在。
Having identified the problem, the question arises of how to overcome it. 发现问题后，如何克服它的问题又出现了。
Most students failed to identify the quotation. 多数学生没能找出那条引语。
Business trends are rapidly identified by this system. 通过这个系统能迅速了解商业发展动态。
She would only play a role if she could identify with the character. 她只愿扮演她能认同的角色。
She identified strongly with the main character in the play. 她与戏里的主人公产生了强烈共鸣。
I can't identify with men like him. 像他那样的男人我没法认同。
I could speak their language and identify with their problems because I had been there myself. 我会讲他们的语言，能体会他们的难处，因为我自己曾在那里呆过。
Police have already identified around 10 murder suspects. 警方已经确认了约10名谋杀案疑凶。
Someone has to formally identify the body. 必须有人出面正式确认死者的身份。
Passengers were asked to identify their own suitcases before they were put on the plane. 乘客被要求先确认自己的旅行箱再送上飞机。
Many of those arrested refused to identify themselves (= would not say who they were). 很多被逮捕的人拒不透露身份。
The newspaper declined to identify the source of the allegations. 报社拒绝透露那些说法的来源。
The reporters identified one of the six Americans as an Army Specialist. 记者们认出六名美国人中有一位是陆军技术兵。
Ms. Wilson was publicly identified as a CIA operative. 威尔逊女士被公开指认为中情局特工。
All three structures dated to the third century and were tentatively identified as shrines. 这三座建筑全都建于三世纪，并且被初步鉴定为神庙。
one means of identifying the disease in its early stages 早期确诊这种疾病的一种方法 
The surgeon visually identifies and cuts out the cancerous tissue. 外科大夫确认癌变组织的位置并予以切除。
We have not yet clearly identified the source of the pollution. 我们尚未确定污染源。

Something that is paramount or of paramount importance is more important than anything else. 首要的
paramount |英 ['pærəmaʊnt]  美 ['pærəmaʊnt]| adj. 最重要的，主要的；至高无上的/n. 最高统治者/
The children's welfare must be seen as paramount.孩子们的福利必须被视为是最为重要的。


combine A and B (together) 结合到一起以形成一个单一的事物或群体；将两个或多个事物（或群体）结合到一起以形成一个单一体:
2 来到一起而工作（或产生作用）；把两个事物或群体放到一起来共同产生效力:
vt. 1 combine A and/with B 有两个或多个不同的特征或特点；把两个或多个不同的事物、特点或品质放到一起:
2 combine A and/with B 同时做两件或两件以上的事:
n. [C] 英国也用combine harvester，农场用的一种大型的谷物收割机，可称为联合收割机:
n. [C] 在一家公司里联合行事的一群人或一群组织，可称为集团或联合企业。与group相比，combine只强调各企业在总体上的聚合感。而并不强调总部对其各成员公司的控制权:
combine |[kəm'baɪn]
vt.＆vi. 1 combine (sth) (with sth) 
Hydrogen combines with oxygen to form water. 氢与氧化合成水。
Combine all the ingredients in a bowl. 把所有的配料放在碗里拌匀。
Combine the eggs with a little flour. 把鸡蛋和少量的面粉搅匀。
The illustrations combine well with the text. 这些插图与文本完美结合。
The German team scored a combined total of 652 points. 德国队综合得分为652分。
They combined against a common enemy. 他们联手对付共同的敌人。
It took the combined efforts of both the press and the public to bring about a change in the law. 这项法律的变更来自媒体和公众的通力合作。
the combined effects of the two drugs 两种药物的复合疗效 
You should try to combine exercise with a healthy diet. 你应该把锻炼和健康饮食结合起来。
Several factors had combined to ruin our plans. 几个因素加在一起毁了我们的计划。
The hotel combines comfort with convenience. 这家旅馆既舒适又方便。
This model combines a telephone and fax machine. 这种型号同时具备电话机和传真机的功能。
a kitchen and dining-room combined 厨房兼饭厅 
We are still looking for someone who combines all the necessary qualities. 我们仍在寻觅兼备所有必要才能的人选。
They have successfully combined the old with the new in this room. 他们在这个房间里成功地把古老和现代的风格融为一体。
The trip will combine business with pleasure. 此次旅行将把出差和娱乐结合起来。
She has successfully combined a career and bringing up a family. 她成功地兼顾了事业和抚养子女。
