unemployment							失业
fallacy						谬论
incline						弯下，使...倾向于，弯腰，倾向
prohibit							禁止，阻止
zoology						动物学
elicit						引出
numerical						数字的
solvent						有偿付能力的，有溶解力的，溶剂
correspondence				相似，通信
epidemic					传染病，蔓延，泛滥的
disrupt						使...中断，扰乱
humiliate				羞辱
medium								中等的，媒介
ripple				细浪，波动
curse							咒语
scandal					丑事，愤慨，流言蜚语
counsel						劝告，建议
stagger				蹒跚，使震惊，使交错
capsule							胶囊，航天舱，瓶封
imperative					迫切的，必须服从的
recipe								食谱，诀窍
drift						漂流，顺其自然，流动，偏航
hum					嗡嗡声，哼曲子，活跃
generic				普通的
referendum				公民公决
fluid					液体，流体，流动的
authentic							真品的，真实可信的
swamp					沼泽，淹没
shrug						耸肩
flush					红晕，一阵强烈感情，冲洗，生机勃勃
\\\\\\\\

n. 1 [U] 失业的事实，还可指失业人数，失业率:
2 [U] 指失业的状态:
unemployment |[ʌnɪm'plɒɪmənt]
involuntary unemployment 非自愿性失业 
graduate, youth unemployment 毕业生失业；年轻人失业 
urban unemployment 城镇失业人数 
Unemployment climbed above two million. 失业人数攀升到两百万以上。
unemployment rate 失业率 
They are facing long-term unemployment. 他们正面临长期失业。

A fallacy is an idea which many people believe to be true, but which is in fact false because it is based on incorrect information or reasoning. 谬见
fallacy |英 ['fæləsɪ]  美 ['fæləsi]| n. 谬论，谬误/
It's a fallacy that the affluent give relatively more to charity than the less prosperous.富人比不太有钱的人给慈善机构相对更多捐赠是一种谬见。


vt. [正式] ~ your head 点头（尤指点头以示同意、欢迎等）:
vt.&vi. [正式] ~ (sth) (to/towards sth)（使）倾斜:
n. [C] [正式] 斜坡、倾斜、斜度:
vt.&vi. [正式] ~ (sb) to/towards sth（使）（在思想或行为上）倾向于…:
incline |[ɪnˈklaɪn]
Jack inclined his head very slightly. 杰克轻轻点了点头。
Luke inclined his head slightly in acknowledgement. 卢克微微点头表示认可。
The land inclined gently towards the shore. 地面缓缓向海岸倾斜。
slight incline 缓坡 
He came to a halt at the edge of a steep incline. 他在一个陡坡边上停住了。    
I incline to the view that we should take no action at this stage. 我倾向于认为我们在这个阶段不应采取行动。
I incline to the view that he is right. 我倾向于认为他是正确的。
the factors which incline us towards particular beliefs 使我们倾向于相信某些特定信仰的因素 
The government is more effective than we incline to think. 政府的效率比我们所惯常以为的要高。
Lack of money inclines many young people towards crime. 缺钱使很多年轻人产生了犯罪倾向。
His obvious sincerity inclined me to trust him. 他满脸的真诚，让我愿意相信他。

prohibit sb from doing sth 正式用法，常用被动式，（尤指以法律）禁止…。为正式或官方用法:
prohibit sb from doing sth 使某事不可能发生，即阻止，相当于prevent，但prevent为及物动词，且prevent更为常用:
prohibit |[prəʊ'hɪbɪt]
vt.＆vi. prohibit sth 
to prohibit tobacco advertising 禁止烟草广告 
Smoking in public areas is strictly prohibited. 公共场合严禁吸烟。
The law specifically prohibits any group from spending money for political purposes. 法律明确禁止任何团体将钱用于政治目的。
to constitutionally prohibit（尤美）宪法禁止 
The treaty prohibits nations from making claims in outer space. 该条约禁止各国在外太空有任何要求。
The high price prohibits many people from buying the product. 昂贵的价格令很多人对这款产品望而却步。
to prohibit the entry of seeds into the country 阻止种子进入该国

n. [U] 动物学:
zoology |[zəʊˈɒlədʒi;zuˈɒl-;美zoʊˈɑ:l-]


If you elicit a piece of information, you get it by asking the right questions. 探得 (信息)
If you elicit a response or a reaction, you do or say something that makes other people respond or react. 引起 (反应)
elicit |英 [ɪ'lɪsɪt]  美 [ɪ'lɪsɪt]| vt. 抽出，引出；引起/
My letters to her have elicited no response.我写给她的信没有得到回应。
Mr. Norris said he was hopeful that his request would elicit a positive response.诺里斯先生说他希望他的要求会引起积极的回应。


numerically 用数字表达地; 数字地
Numerical means expressed in numbers or relating to numbers. 用数字表达的; 数字的
numerical |英 [njuː'merɪk(ə)l]  美 [nʊ'mɛrɪkl]| adj. 数值的；数字的；用数字表示的（等于numeric）/
...a numerically coded colour chart.…一张用数字编码的比色表。
Your job is to group them by letter and put them in numerical order.你的工作是把它们按字母编组，再把它们按数字顺序排序。


adj. [术语] 有溶解力的；可溶解的:
n. [U, C]（常指液体的）溶剂、溶媒:
adj. [名词前不常用] 有偿付能力的；无债务的:
solvent |[ˈsɒlvənt;美ˈsɑ:l-]
Lead is more solvent in acidic water. 铅在酸性水中更易溶解。
volatile solvent 挥发性溶剂 
chlorinated solvent 氯化溶剂 
chemical, organic solvent 化学溶剂；有机溶剂 
cleaning, industrial solvent 清洁溶剂；工业溶剂 
Ether is commonly used as a solvent for oils and fats. 乙醚常被用作油料和油脂的溶剂。
solvent abuse（英）溶剂滥用
They're going to have to show that the company is now solvent. 他们必须要证明公司目前具备偿还能力。

n. [C, U] ~ (between A and B)（两个事物间的）相关；相似:
n. [U, C] ~ (with sb) 书信联系:
n. [U] ~ (with sb) 来往的信件、往来的书信:
correspondence |[ˌkɒrəˈspɒndəns;美ˌkɔ:rəˈspɑ:n-;ˌkɑ:-]
There is a close correspondence between the two extracts. 这两段摘录如出一辙。
In African languages there is a close correspondence between sounds and letters. 非洲语言中的发音与字母关系密切。
correspondences between Eastern religions and Christianity 东方宗教与基督教的关联 
The child can see the one-to-one correspondence of the buttons and buttonholes.这个孩子能看出纽扣和扣眼之间一一对应的关系。
a close correspondence between theory and practice 理论和实践之间的密切联系
I refused to enter into any correspondence (= to exchange letters) with him about it. 我拒绝就此问题与他通信联系。
We have been in correspondence for months. 我们通信几个月了。
We kept up a correspondence for many years. 我们保持了很多年的通信联系。
The judges' decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. 法官的裁决是最终裁决，再写信也不会予以审议。
His interest in writing came from a long correspondence with a close college friend. 与一位大学密友的长期通信培养了他写作的兴趣。
It would be foolish for a doctor to enter into correspondence with a patient. 对一个医生来说，与病人进行书信来往是一件愚蠢的事。
I have had correspondence with the company director on this matter. 我已经就这件事和公司董事通过信了。
We kept up a correspondence for many months. 我们保持了好几个月的书信往来。
I have been in correspondence with the manager of the store. 我一直与商店经理通信。
confidential, personal, private correspondence 机密信函；私人信件 
business, diplomatic, official correspondence 商业信函；外交文书；公函 
regular correspondence 定期书信 
email, written correspondence 电子邮件；手写信件 
Numerous items of correspondence have been received on this subject. 关于这个话题，我们已经收到大量来信。
He was leafing through piles of correspondence.（pile尤为英式用法）他正在迅速翻阅一摞摞的信件。
He always replied to his correspondence. 来信他总是会回。
She virtually never mentions him in her correspondence or notebooks. 她在书信和笔记中几乎从不提及他。
Please send correspondence to 'Money Monthly'. 请将信件寄往《财富月刊》
The secretary deals with all the correspondence. 秘书处理所有的信件。
I would spend the time reading or catching up on my correspondence. 我要花点儿时间读信，处理一下堆积的信函。
The department intercepted the correspondence of foreign diplomats. 该部门截取了外国外交官的信件。
correspondence course, correspondence school（美）函授课程；函授学校 
I did a correspondence course in economics. 我学习了一门经济学的函授课程。
correspondence column（尤英）读者来信专栏 
the correspondence columns of the London Review of Books'《伦敦书评》的读者来信专栏 
All our business is conducted by correspondence. 我们所有的生意都是通过信函进行的。
files full of confidential correspondence relating to the company's expansion plans 全是有关公司扩张计划机密信函的卷宗 
I have seen the correspondence between the company and the college.我曾看过公司与大学之间的往来信函。
The editor welcomes correspondence from readers on any subject. 编辑欢迎读者就任何话题来信。
copies of her correspondence with the composer 她与作曲家来往信件的复印件

adj. 泛滥成灾的:
n. [C] 坏事的突然且迅速的泛滥、盛行:
n. [C] 疾病的流行:
epidemic |[ˌepɪˈdemɪk]
Car theft is now reaching epidemic proportions. 汽车偷盗现已近泛滥成灾。
Marriage breakdown in the West has reached epidemic proportions. 在西方，婚姻破裂已达到了流行的地步。
an epidemic of crime in the inner cities 市内中心区犯罪活动盛行 
an epidemic of serial killings 连环杀人现象的猖獗 
heroin epidemic 海洛因的泛滥 
Drug experts say it could spell the end of the crack epidemic. 禁毒专家说它可能会结束强效可卡因吸食泛滥的局面。
the outbreak of a flu epidemic 流感的爆发 
A flu epidemic is sweeping through Moscow. 一场流感正席卷莫斯科。
Over fifty people died during the flu epidemic last winter. 在去年冬天的一场流感中有五十多人丧生。
an epidemic of cholera 霍乱的流行 
an epidemic of measles 麻疹的流行 
a killer epidemic of yellow fever 致命的黄热病的流行 
major epidemic 重大疫情 
global, national, worldwide epidemic 全球性流行病；全国性流行病；世界性流行病 
foot-and-mouth, typhoid epidemic 口蹄疫流行病；伤寒流行病 
A typhus epidemic struck in the winter of 1919-20. 1919年至1920年冬天爆发了斑疹伤寒。

vt. 使某事中断（使其不能顺利进行）:
vt. 扰乱、打乱、使某事中断（使其不能顺利进行）:
disrupt |[dɪsˈrʌpt]
Bus services will be disrupted tomorrow because of the bridge closure. 明日公共汽车将因大桥停止通行而受影响。
Anti-war protesters disrupted the debate. 反战示威者们打断了辩论。
The drought has severely disrupted agricultural production. 旱灾已严重影响了农业生产。
The bad weather has seriously disrupted supplies of food. 恶劣的天气严重影响了食物供应。
Demonstrators succeeded in disrupting the meeting. 示威者成功地扰乱了会议。
Bus services will be disrupted tomorrow because of the bridge closure. 明日公共汽车将因大桥停止通行而受影响。
Anti-war protesters disrupted the debate. 反战示威者们打断了辩论。
The drought has severely disrupted agricultural production. 旱灾已严重影响了农业生产。
The bad weather has seriously disrupted supplies of food. 恶劣的天气严重影响了食物供应。
They warned that climate change could potentially disrupt economic activity. 他们警告说气候变化有可能扰乱经济活动。
The attacks are designed to disrupt plans for the elections. 这些攻击意欲扰乱选举计划。

vt. 羞辱；使某人丧失尊严:
humiliate |[hju:ˈmɪlieɪt]
She felt completely humiliated. 她觉得自己受到极大的羞辱。
He was publicly humiliated by his colleagues. 他遭到同事们的公开羞辱。
I have never felt so humiliated in all my life. 我一辈子都未受过如此羞辱。
I didn't want to humiliate her in front of her colleagues. 我不想当着她同事们的面令她难堪。
The party was humiliated in the recent elections. 该党在新近的选举中耻辱地失败了。
She had been beaten and humiliated by her husband. 她遭到丈夫的殴打和羞辱。
His teacher continually humiliates him in maths lessons. 他的数学老师频频在课上羞辱他。        

adj. 常用于名词前，指（尺寸、规模、程度等）中等的，相当于average:
n. [C]（用于某一目的的）手段、工具、方法等。主要指表达观点或与人沟通时所采用的表现方式或交流手段:
n. [C] 生物学中可指…所生存的环境，培养基，或…（借以传输）的介质:
n. [C]（信息等传播的）媒介，手段，方法:
n. [C]（用于某一目的的）手段、工具、方法等。主要指表达观点或与人沟通时所采用的表现方式或交流手段:
n. [C] 画家从事创作所采用的材料或形式:
n. [C] 音乐家从事文艺创作所采用的材料或形式:
n. [C] 画家、作家、音乐家等从事文艺创作所采用的材料或形式。本质上是艺术家用以传达思想的媒介:
n. [C] 作家从事文艺创作所采用的材料或形式:
n. [C] 自称能够在死者与生者之间传递信息的人，可叫做通灵的人或灵媒:
adj. 常用于名词前，指位于两个尺寸、数量、长度、温度等中间的，即中等的，相当于average:
adv. 中等程度地:
medium |['mi:dɪəm]
medium-size car 中型汽车 
medium-size business 中型企业 
medium-size town 中等城镇 
a man of medium build 中等身材的人 
There are three sizes--small, medium and large. 有三种尺寸——小号、中号和大号。
Cook over a medium heat for 15 minutes. 用中火煮15分钟。
a medium dry white wine 中度干白葡萄酒 
Choose medium to large tomatoes. 选取中到大个的西红柿。
English is the medium of instruction. 用英语进行教学。
Video is a good medium for learning a foreign language. 视频是一种学习外语的好方法。
She used her novels as a medium for encouraging political debate. 她把自己的小说作为鼓励政治辩论的手段。
The bacteria were growing in a sugar medium. 细菌在糖基中生长。
Blood is the medium in which oxygen is carried to all parts of the body. 血液是把氧气输送到身体各部分的媒介。
Television is the modern medium of communication. 电视是现代传媒。
advertising, broadcast medium 广告媒介；广播媒介 
mass medium 大众传播媒介 
digital, electronic, print, printed, visual medium 数字媒介；电子媒介；印刷媒介；视觉媒介 
recording, storage medium 记录介质；存储介质
English is the medium of instruction. 用英语进行教学。
Video is a good medium for learning a foreign language. 视频是一种学习外语的好方法。
She used her novels as a medium for encouraging political debate. 她把自己的小说作为鼓励政治辩论的手段。
the medium of paint 绘画的媒介 
Watercolour is his favourite medium. 水彩是他最喜欢的表现方式。
the medium of paint 绘画的媒介 
the medium of poetry 诗歌的媒介 
the medium of drama 戏剧的媒介 
artistic medium 艺术表现媒介 
photographic medium 摄影表现方式 
Watercolour is his favourite medium. 水彩画是他最喜欢的表现方式。
the medium of poetry 诗歌的媒介 
the medium of drama 戏剧的媒介
Bruce Willis says he has been talking to his dead brother through a medium. 布鲁斯·威利斯说他一直在通过一位灵媒和他死去的兄弟交谈。
medium-size car 中型汽车 
medium-size business 中型企业 
medium-size town 中等城镇 
a man of medium build 中等身材的人 
Cook over a medium heat for 15 minutes. 用中火煮15分钟。
a medium dry white wine 中度干白葡萄酒 
Choose medium to large tomatoes. 选取中到大个的西红柿。
a medium dose 中等剂量 
medium levels of sodium 中等含钠量
a medium-hot pan 中温的平底锅 
medium brown hair 中褐色的头发

n. 1 [C]（外观或运动）如波纹的东西:
2 [usually sing.] ~ of sth 逐渐起伏的声音:
3 [usually sing.] ~ of sth 在一个人身上或一群人之中逐渐扩散的感觉:
4 [C] 事件引起的涟漪式连锁反应:
vt.&vi.（使）如波浪般起伏:
n. [C] 液体（尤指湖水）表面的小波浪，即波纹、涟漪:
vt.&vi.（使）泛起涟漪；（使）泛起细浪:
ripple |[ˈrɪpl]
ripples of sand 沙滩上的波纹 
a ripple of applause 一阵阵的掌声 
His remarks sent a ripple of laughter through the audience. 他的话激起了观众的一阵笑声。
He felt a small ripple of fear pass through him. 他感到一阵恐惧传遍全身。
A ripple of unease passed through her. 一阵不安在她心头掠过。
The announcement sent a ripple of excitement through the crowd. 这件事一宣布就在人群里引起了一阵兴奋。
ripple effect 连锁反应 
The ripples of Europe's currency crisis continue to be felt in most of the member states. 欧洲货币危机引起的连锁反应仍在影响着大多数的成员国。
The problems of the auto industry have created economic ripples through the rest of the economy as well. 汽车业的问题造成其他行业也出现了经济上的连锁反应。
The decision caused ripples of concern among the parents. 这一决定使家长们非常担心。
The problems in one place create ripples elsewhere. 一个地方的种种问题会在别处引起反响。
The Internet is making ripples in people's lives. 互联网正在影响着人们的生活。        
The wind rippled the wheat in the fields. 田野上的麦浪在风中起伏。
A slight wind rippled the crops in the valley. 一阵微风吹过，山谷里的庄稼便随风起伏。
The tops of the trees rippled in the breeze. 树冠在微风中婆娑摇曳。
rippling muscles 条条凸起的肌肉
I dropped the pebble in the water, sending ripples across the pond. 我往水里扔了一块鹅卵石，池塘里泛起一圈圈小波纹。
He watched the ripples spread across the pool. 他看着一圈圈波纹在池塘里扩散开来。
The air was so still that there was hardly a ripple on the pond's surface. 没有风，池塘的水面上几乎看不到波纹。
You throw a pebble in a pool and it ripples. 往池塘里扔块鹅卵石就会激起一片涟漪。
Small waves rippled gently across the pond. 细细的波纹轻柔地在池塘里扩散开来。
I could see the dawn breeze rippling the shining water. 我能看见黎明的微风在波光粼粼的水面上吹出道道涟漪。
The sea rippled and sparkled. 大海波光粼粼。

a solemn utterance intended to invoke a supernatural power to inflict harm or punishment on someone or something:一种庄严的话语，意在唤起超自然力量对某人或某物造成伤害或惩罚
a cause of harm or misery:a造成伤害或痛苦的原因
menstruation.:
an offensive word or phrase used to express anger or annoyance:一个用于表达愤怒或烦恼的冒犯性词或短语
invoke or use a curse against:invoke或使用诅咒
be afflicted with:被折磨
utter offensive words in anger or annoyance:在愤怒或烦恼中说出冒犯性的话
address with offensive words:带有攻击性词语的地址
curse |kəːs| Noun/Verb/:诅咒,骂,骂人,咒,咒骂
she'd put a curse on him:她诅咒他
impatience is the curse of our day and age:impatience是我们这个时代的诅咒
at every blow there was a curse:每次打击都有诅咒
it often seemed as if the family had been cursed:这家人似乎经常被诅咒
many owners have been cursed with a series of bankruptcies:许多业主被一连串破产诅咒
he cursed loudly as he burned his hand:他烧伤手大声咒骂
I cursed myself for my carelessness:我诅咒自己的粗心大意

n. [sing.] ~ (that…) 可耻的、不可接受、令人气愤的行为、态度等:
n. 1 [C, U]（让公众震惊或愤怒的）道德或法律上的丑行或丑事，常翻译为“丑闻”:
2 [U] 对于丑行的谈论、传言或报道，即丑闻:
scandal |[ˈskændl]
It is a scandal that such a large town has no orchestra. 这么大一座城市，竟然没有一支管弦乐队，真是说不过去。
It is a scandal that a person can be stopped for no reason by the police. 警察能无缘无故拦人，这真是令人愤慨的行径。
The real scandal is that nothing has been done to make sure it doesn't happen again. 真正可恨的是，没有采取任何措施确保此类事件不再发生。
abuse, accounting, bribery, corporate, corruption, doping, drug（尤美）, drugs（尤英）, financial, political, sex, sexual scandal 虐待丑闻；会计造假丑闻；贿赂丑闻；公司丑闻；腐败丑闻；兴奋剂丑闻；毒品丑闻；金融丑闻；政治丑闻；性丑闻 
sex-abuse scandal 性虐待丑闻 
the prisoner-abuse scandal 虐囚丑闻 
a series of sex scandals 一系列性丑闻 
There have been calls for the resignation of the official involved in the sex scandal. 有呼声要求卷入性丑闻的官员辞职。
There has been no hint of scandal during his time in office. 他在任期间没有任何丑闻。
The scandal broke (= became known to the public) in May. 这桩丑闻是在五月份曝光的。
The scandal broke on the front pages of all the papers the next day. 第二天所有报纸的头版都披露了这一丑闻。
financial scandals surrounding the government 困扰政府的金融丑闻 
scandal sheet (= a newspaper that publishes stories intended to shock the public) 刊登丑闻的小报 
He was imprisoned for his part in the bribery scandal. 他因牵涉贿赂丑闻而入狱。
The apartment was paid for by the bank at the centre of the scandal. 这套公寓是由身处丑闻中心的那家银行付款购买的。
Until the story was published there had been no hint of scandal. 这宗丑闻在公开报道之前没有露出半点儿迹象。
In the wake of recent accounting scandals, new cases have come to light. 继最近几宗会计丑闻之后，又有新案件曝光。
to spread scandal 散布丑闻 
newspapers full of scandal 充斥丑闻的报纸 
He loved gossip and scandal. 他喜欢说三道四，散布谣言。
These mothers often abandoned their children because of fear of scandal. 这些母亲经常会因为害怕流言蜚语而抛弃自己的孩子。

vt. 为需要帮助的人提供专业建议，即提供专业咨询:
vt. [正式] 建议某人去做某事:
n. [C, U] [正式] 忠告、建议，尤指年长者或专家给出的忠告或建议:
n. [C, U] [法律] 在法庭上代表某人的一个或一群律师:
counsel |[ˈkaʊnsl]
Therapists were brought in to counsel the bereaved. 请了治疗专家来劝慰死者的亲属。
a psychologist who counsels people with eating disorders 为饮食失调症患者提供建议的心理学家 
Crawford counsels her on all aspects of her career. 克劳福德为她的职业生涯提供全方位建议。
He counselled them to give up the plan. 他建议他们放弃此项计划。
My advisers counselled me to do nothing. 顾问们建议我什么也不要做。
Most experts counsel caution in such cases. 大多数专家建议在这样的情况下要谨慎从事。
The prime minister was right to counsel caution about military intervention. 首相提出进行军事干预要慎重，这是很正确的。
Listen to the counsel of your elders. 要听从长辈的忠告。
In the end, wiser counsels prevailed. 高明的建议最终占了上风。
He had always been able to count on her wise counsel. 他总能从她那里得到明智的建议。
His parishioners sought his counsel and loved him. 教区居民征询他的建议并且爱戴着他。
He is there to give you counsel on all matters. 他会在各方面给您建议。           
They were denied legal counsel or the right to call witnesses in their defence. 他们聘请律师或召证人作证的权利都遭到拒绝。
chief, lead（美）, senior counsel 首席律师；资深律师 
assistant（美）, deputy（美）, junior counsel 助理律师；代理律师；初级出庭律师 
leading counsel（英）皇家大律师 
The accused was represented by a leading counsel. 被告由一名皇家大律师代表。
independent, outside, special counsel（均美）独立法律顾问；外部法律顾问；特别律师 
An independent counsel was appointed to concuct an internal investigation. 一名独立法律顾问接受指派进行内部调查。
the counsel for the plaintiff 原告律师 
the counsel for the prosecution 控方律师 
prosecuting, prosecution counsel（均英）控方律师 
The witness was cross-examined by the prosecuting counsel. 证人接受控方律师的盘问。
defence/defense, defending（英）counsel 辩护律师 
the counsel for the defence/defense 辩护律师 
opposing counsel 对方律师 
King's, Queen's counsel（英国的）皇家大律师 
general counsel（尤美）总法律顾问 
She is a general counsel for the American Bankers Association. 她是美国银行家协会的总法律顾问。
legislative counsel（美）立法顾问 
He worked for the committee as a legislative counsel on issues of crime policy. 他是委员会刑事政策方面的立法顾问。
He instructed his counsel to file bankruptcy proceedings. 他通知自己的律师提起破产诉讼。
His counsel argued that he had not intended to harm the women. 他的律师辩称他并非蓄意伤害那些妇女。
The court then heard counsel for the dead woman's father. 法庭接着听取了女死者的父亲所请律师的陈述。
Singleton's counsel said after the trial that he would appeal. 审判结束后，辛格尔顿的律师表示他将会上诉。
The defence counsel warned that the judge should stop the trial. 被告辩护律师强烈建议法官应该休庭。

vt.（使原本同时发生的一些事情）在时间上错开:
vt. 使某人大吃一惊:
vt.&vi. 虚弱地摇摇晃晃地走（好像要倒地一样），如蹒跚、踉跄:
vi. 勉强维持:
stagger |[ˈstægə(r)]
There were so many runners that they had to stagger the start. 参加赛跑的选手很多，他们不得不把起跑的时间错开。
During the past few years the government has staggered the summer vacation periods for students. 在过去几年里，政府将学生放暑假的时间相互错开。
Her remarks staggered me. 她的话让我震惊。
The whole thing staggers me. 整个事件让我震惊。
It staggers me that the government is doing nothing about it. 政府对此竟然不采取任何措施，我觉得不可思议。
The injured woman staggered to her feet and tottered unsteadily across the room. 受伤的女人摇摇晃晃地站起身来，蹒跚着穿过房间。
He staggered home, drunk. 他喝醉酒，踉跄着回了家。
She staggered blindly off into the darkness. 她摸索着摇摇晃晃走入黑暗中。
He was staggering under the weight of the sack. 在袋子的重压下他脚步蹒跚。
We seem to stagger from one crisis to the next. 我们仿佛在接连不断的危机中举步维艰。
I managed to stagger the last few steps. 我好不容易跌跌撞撞走了这最后几步。
He lost his balance, staggered back against the rail and toppled over. 他失去平衡，往后趔趄了一下，撞到栏杆摔倒了。
He was staggering and had to lean on the bar. 他走路摇摇晃晃，不得不靠在吧台上。
Truman allowed him to stagger on for nearly another two years. 杜鲁门允许他又硬撑了近两年。
a government that staggered from crisis to crisis 在一次又一次危机中勉强维持的政府 
The company is staggering under the weight of a £10m debt. 公司在1 000万英镑债务的重压下步履艰难。

n. [C]（宇宙飞船上的）太空舱:
n. [C]（植物包含着种子的）蒴果，荚；（动物包含着卵的）囊，被膜:
n. 1 [C] 装药（如药粉或药剂）的胶囊:
2 [C]（医学或科学上用的装固态物质或液体的）小容器（常是塑料容器）:
capsule |['kæpsju:l]
an American space capsule 一个美国太空舱 
fish oil, vitamin capsule 鱼油胶囊；维生素胶囊 
To avoid capture, he swallowed a cyanide capsule. 为了不当俘虏，他吞下了一颗氰化物胶囊。
He first implanted a capsule into the animal’s brain. 他首先将胶囊植入那个动物的大脑。

~ (to do sth) [正式] 非常重要且急需关注或采取行动的，如迫切的、紧急的:
n. [C] [正式] 非常重要且继续关注或采取行动之事，即紧急的事:
adj. [正式] 表示权威的:
adj. [只用于名词前] [语法] 表示命令的、祈使的:
n. [C] [语法] 祈使语气；表示祈使语气的动词:
imperative |[ɪmˈperətɪv]
We consider it absolutely imperative to start work immediately. 我们认为必须立即开始工作，刻不容缓。
It is absolutely imperative that we finish by next week. 我们的当务之急是必须于下周完成。
It is imperative to continue the treatment for at least two months. 必须继续治疗至少两个月。
It remains imperative that all sides should be involved in the talks. 各方均应参与会谈，这一点依然很紧迫。
The collapse of the wall made it imperative to keep the water out by some other means. 墙体坍塌，当务之急是必须另想办法阻挡进水。
It was imperative that he act as naturally as possible. 最重要的是他要做到尽可能自然。
That's why it is imperative to know what your rights are at such a time. 这就是为什么你有必要在这个时候知道你的权利有哪些。
the economic imperative of quality education for all 向全民提供高质量教育对经济发展的紧迫性 
The most important political imperative is to limit the number of US casualties. 现在的头等政治大事就是要控制美国人的伤亡人数。
the needs of those unable to respond to the imperatives of an enterprise culture 那些不能积极响应企业文化核心要求的人的需求
an imperative tone 命令的语调
an imperative sentence 祈使句 
In ‘Go away!’ the verb is in the imperative. Go away!中的动词是祈使语气。
‘Go away!’ is an imperative. Go away! 是祈使句。

n. [C] recipe for sth（看起来很可能产生某种结果的）一个方法或想法，如秘诀，诀窍，相当于formula:
n. [C] recipe (for sth)对烹饪过程（或所需的食材及配料）所进行的一系列指导性说明，即烹饪法，食谱:
n. [C] recipe for sth（看起来很可能产生某种结果的）一个方法或想法，如秘诀，诀窍，相当于formula:
recipe |['resɪpɪ]
His plans are a recipe for disaster. 他的计划后患无穷。
What’s her recipe for success? 她成功的秘诀是什么？
a recipe for chicken soup 鸡汤的做法 
vegetarian recipes 素菜食谱 
a recipe book 烹饪书 
healthy recipe 健康食谱 
easy recipe 简易食谱
His plans are a recipe for disaster. 他的计划后患无穷。
What’s her recipe for success? 她成功的秘诀是什么？

n. [U]（船只或飞机由于气流或风向所导致的）偏航:
vi.（声音等）传到某地（但声音不是很大）:
vi. 目光向某地缓慢移动:
n. [sing., U] 从一种情形到另一种情形（尤指到坏的情形）的逐渐变化或发展:
vi. ~ in/into sth 不知不觉就从一种状态或情况进入到另一种状态或情况:
n. [sing., U] 从一地到另一地的缓慢移动:
vi. 向某地缓慢移动或走去:
vi. 无意间发生或改变；没有计划或目的地做某事（如顺其自然地做某事）:
n. [C] 大丛的某事物（尤指花）:
n. [sing.] 某人所说或所写的大意、主旨、要点。相当于gist:
vi. 在水中或空气中平缓地沿某个方向移动，如漂流、漂移:
vt. 使某事物漂流或漂浮到某地:
n. [sing., U] 漂移:
n. [U, C] 海水或空气的流动。相当于current:
n. [C] 由风造成一大堆吹聚物（尤指雪堆）:
vi.（雪或沙）被风吹成大堆:
n. [C] 由风造成一大堆吹聚物（尤指雪堆）:
vi.（雪）被风吹成大堆:
drift |[drɪft]
Voices drifted up through the floorboards. 声音透过地板传了上来。
Cool summer dance sounds are drifting from the stereo indoors. 清凉的夏日舞曲的声音从室内音响中传了出来。
Her gaze drifted around the room. 她用目光缓缓扫视了一下室内。
Her gaze gradually drifted to the bookshelf. 她的视线渐渐转移到了书架上。
attempts to halt the drift towards war 制止逐步走上战争道路的努力 
He criticized the rightward drift of the party. 他批评该党转向右倾。
his drift into crime 他逐渐滑向犯罪 
Finally she drifted into sleep. 最后她不知不觉地睡着了。
I didn't hear the storm. I must have drifted off by then. 我没有听见暴风雨，那时一定是睡着了。
He drifted off into a deep slumber. 他渐渐进入沉睡状态。
She closed her eyes and slowly drifted off to sleep. 她闭上眼睛，渐渐进入梦乡。
She began to drift between sleep and wakefulness. 她开始进入时睡时醒的状态。
The injured man tried to speak but soon drifted into unconsciousness. 受伤的男人想说点什么，但一会儿就不省人事了。
He drifted in and out of consciousness. 他时而清醒时而昏迷。
We need to offer young people drifting into crime an alternative set of values. 我们需要给那些无意间犯了罪的年轻人灌输另一套价值观。
She and her husband drifted apart and, eventually, they divorced. 她和她丈夫渐行渐远,最后他们离婚了。
As children we were very close, but as we grew up we just drifted apart. 孩提时我们亲密无间，但随着年龄的增长我们就逐渐疏远了。
Over the years the two friends drifted apart. 过了这么多年，这两个朋友已经渐渐疏远。
continental drift 大陆漂移 
As the strike went on, there was a gradual drift back to work. 罢工继续进行的同时，陆续有人回去工作了。
a population drift away from rural areas 农村地区的人口外流 
the drift towards the cities 涌向城市的趋势 
the drift of people away from rural areas into urban slums 由农村到城市贫民区的人口流动 
The crowd drifted away from the scene of the accident. 人群渐渐从事故现场散去。
He spent the day drifting aimlessly about the house. 他一整天都在房子周围漫无目的地晃来晃去。
She drifted across the room to where we were standing. 她缓慢地穿过房间来到我们站着的地方。
As rural factories shed labour, people drift towards the cities. 由于农村的工厂纷纷裁员,人们逐渐流向城市。
He finally drifted back to his home town. 他最终兜回了家乡。
I didn't intend to be a teacher─I just drifted into it. 我并没想过当老师——只是顺其自然就当了。
He drifted into teaching, but never really enjoyed it. 他无意中当上了教师，却从未真正喜欢过这一行。
He hasn't decided what to do yet─he's just drifting. 他还没决定做什么——只是顺其自然。
You've been drifting from job to job without any real commitment. 你一直在无目的地更换工作，从未真正投入进去。
The conversation drifted onto politics. 谈话不知不觉就转到政治方面来了。
He allowed his thoughts to drift back to his conversation with Carrie. 他让思绪回到了他与卡丽的谈话上。
We seem to be drifting away from the point. 我们似乎有点儿离题。
Plant daffodils in informal drifts. 随便种几丛黄水仙。            
Do you catch my drift? 你明白我的大意吗？
My German isn't very good, but I got the drift of what she said. 我的德语不太好，但我大致明白她说的意思。
Grace was beginning to get his drift. 格雷丝慢慢明白了他的意思。
Anybody who's listening will get the drift of what he was saying. 任何一个在专心听的人都会领悟他所说的大意。
I didn't follow the speech exactly, but I caught the main drift of what was being said. 我没有完全听懂演讲，但领会了其主旨。
I lost the drift of what she was saying. 我没懂他讲话的大意。
The empty boat drifted out to sea. 空船向海上漂去。
The boat drifted slowly downstream. 小船慢慢地顺流而下。
We drifted with the current. 我们随波漂流。
We proceeded to drift on up the river. 我们继续向河流的上游漂流。
Cold and hungry, they drifted helplessly towards the Arctic. 他们又冷又饿，无助地漂向北极。
The climbing balloon drifted silently over the countryside. 不断上升的气球静静地飘过乡间。
Clouds drifted across the sky. 朵朵浮云在空中飘过。
Smoke drifted up from the campfire. 篝火上青烟袅袅。
The logs are drifted downstream to the mill. 原木顺流漂到木材加工厂。
continental drift 大陆漂移 
As the strike went on, there was a gradual drift
the general direction of drift on the east coast 东海岸海水的总体流向 
He knew the hidden drifts in that part of the river. 他对那段河道中的暗流非常清楚。
snow drift（通常用snowdrift）风吹积成的雪堆 
a nine-foot snow drift 九英尺深的雪堆 
sand drift 风吹积成的沙堆 
The road was blocked by deep drifts of snow. 道路被风吹来的厚厚积雪阻塞。
There was a drift of smoke above the trees. 树林上空飘浮着一股烟。
drifting sand 堆积的沙 
Some roads are closed because of drifting. 有些道路因积雪而封闭。
The snow, except where it drifted, was only calf-deep. 除了吹得堆积起来的地方，雪只有小腿肚深。
The storm caused severe drifting. 暴风雪造成了严重的积雪现象。
snow drift（通常用snowdrift）风吹积成的雪堆 
a nine-foot snow drift 九英尺深的雪堆 
The road was blocked by deep drifts of snow. 道路被风吹来的厚厚积雪阻塞。
Some roads are closed because of drifting. 有些道路因积雪而封闭。
The snow, except where it drifted, was only calf-deep. 除了吹得堆积起来的地方，雪只有小腿肚深。
The storm caused severe drifting. 暴风雪造成了严重的积雪现象。

vi.（地方）活跃、热闹、繁忙:
vi. 发出持续的低声，如发嗡嗡声:
n. [sing.] ~ (of sth) 持续的低声，如嗡嗡声、嘈杂声:
vi. 蜜蜂发嗡嗡声:
n. [sing.] ~ (of sth) 蜜蜂的嗡嗡声:
exclamation. 用于踌躇时发出声音，如嗯、呃:
vt.&vi.（闭着嘴唇）哼曲子:
hum |[hʌm]
The streets were beginning to hum with life. 街道开始热闹起来。
The place is really beginning to hum. 这个地方真正开始热闹起来了。
On Saturday morning, the town hums with activity and life. 周六早晨，小镇一派热闹繁忙，活力盎然。
The birds sang, the bees hummed. 鸟儿叫，蜂儿鸣。
The computers were humming away. 计算机在嗡嗡作响。
Within five hours, the equipment will be humming away again. 用不了五小时，设备就又能嗡嗡地运转了。
the hum of bees, the hum of voices 蜜蜂的嗡嗡声；人的嘈杂声 
The room filled with the hum of conversation. 房间里充满了嘈杂的谈话声。
I could hear the constant hum of distant traffic. 我能听到远处车辆不绝于耳的嗡嗡声。
the background hum of the air-conditioning 空调发出的隐隐的嗡嗡声
The birds sang, the bees hummed. 鸟儿叫，蜂儿鸣。
the hum of bees 蜜蜂的嗡嗡声
Hum, I am sorry but I thought you were French. 嗯，很抱歉，我以为你是法国人。
She was humming softly to herself. 她在轻声哼着曲子。
She was humming a merry little tune. 她哼着一支欢快的小曲儿。
He hummed to himself as he opened the trunk. 他独自哼着曲子打开了车子的后备箱。
What's that tune you're humming? 你哼的是什么曲子？
I was humming along with the music. 我随着音乐哼唱。
He began to hum somewhat tunelessly. 他开始哼歌，有些跑调。

Generic is also a noun. 非注册商标的药品
A generic drug or other product is one that does not have a trademark and that is known by a general name, rather than the manufacturer's name. 非注册商标的 (药等产品)
You use generic to describe something that refers or relates to a whole class of similar things. 通用的
generic |英 [dʒɪ'nerɪk]  美 [dʒə'nɛrɪk]| adj. 类的；一般的；属的；非商标的/
The programme saved $11 million in 1988 by substituting generics for brand-name drugs.这项计划以未注册商标的药品取代品牌药，在1988年节省了1100万美元。
Doctors sometimes prescribe cheaper generic drugs instead of more expensive brand names.医生有时开比较便宜的非注册商标的药品，而不开比较昂贵的品牌药。
Parmesan is a generic term used to describe a family of hard Italian cheeses.巴尔马干酪是一个用来描述一类坚硬的意大利奶酪的通用名称。


n. [C, U] ~ (on sth)（一国的所有人就某个重要事件进行的）全民公投、全民公决:
referendum |[ˌrefəˈrendəm]
Ireland decided to hold a referendum on divorce. 爱尔兰决定就离婚问题进行全民投票。
The changes were approved by referendum. 全民投票赞同这些变革。
Estonia said it too planned to hold a referendum on independence. 爱沙尼亚称其也计划就独立问题进行全民公决。
popular, public referendum 意见公投；公投 
nationwide referendum 全国公投 
The issue will be decided in a national referendum. 这一议题将通过全民公投来决定。
a referendum on a new constitution 就新宪法进行的全民投票 
constitutional, independence referendum 宪法公投；独立公投 
The referendum will be held on July14th. 全民投票将于7月14日举行。
The proposals were put to a referendum. 对这些提议进行了全民投票表决。
The president called a referendum that he hoped would confirm him in power. 总统宣布举行全民投票，以期巩固其执政地位。
The group called for a referendum on the death penalty. 该团体呼吁就是否执行死刑进行全民公决。
The unions urged people to boycott the referendum. 工会敦促人们抵制全民投票。
California voters passed a referendum allocating $22 billion for school facilities.（pass尤为美式用法）加利福尼亚州的投票人通过了一项全民公决，拨款220亿美元用于学校设施的建设。
The president won a referendum on his rule. 总统在对其执政进行的全民公决中获胜。
a new constitution adopted by referendum 经全民投票通过的新宪法 
The agreement was approved in a referendum. 这项协定在全民公决中获得通过。
A popular referendum showed that the majority of people want reform. 全民投票表明大多数人都希望改革。
The Democrats rejected the referendum proposal. 民主党拒绝了进行全民投票的提议。
referendum campaign, referendum process 全民投票活动；全民投票过程 
referendum result全民投票结果

adj. [正式]（动作、线条、设计、音乐等）流畅优美的:
adj. [正式]（音乐）流畅优美的:
adj. [正式]（动作）流畅优美的:
adj.（安排）灵活的:
adj. [正式]（局势、形势）易变的；不稳定的:
n. [C, U] 液体；能流动的物质（即流体）:
adj. [术语] 流动的；流体的:
fluid |[ˈflu:ɪd]
a loose, fluid style of dancing 灵活流畅优美的跳舞风格 
fluid guitar playing 流畅优美的吉他演奏 
The forehand stroke should be fluid and well balanced. 正手击球应该保证动作流畅和平稳。
long, fluid dresses 线条优雅流畅的长裙 
the fluid lines of the drawing 图画的流畅线条
fluid guitar playing 流畅优美的吉他演奏
a loose, fluid style of dancing 灵活流畅优美的跳舞风格 
fluid guitar playing 流畅优美的吉他演奏 
The forehand stroke should be fluid and well balanced. 正手击球应该保证动作流畅和平稳。
I think we should try and keep our arrangements fluid at this stage. 我觉得在这一阶段我们应该尽力保持我们安排的灵活性。
a fluid political situation 不稳定的政治局势 
The situation is extremely fluid and it can be changing from day to day. 情况极不稳定，每天都有可能变化。
excess fluid 过多的液体 
amniotic, bodily, body, intravenous fluid 羊水；体液；静脉注射液 
brake, cleaning, correction, lighter fluid 刹车液；清洗液；修改液；打火机油 
windshield, wiper fluid（均美）挡风玻璃清洗液；擦洗液 
They drained a lot of fluid from his Lungs. 他们从他的肺中抽出了许多液体。
The blood vessels may leak fluid, which distorts vision. 血管可能会渗漏，造成视力模糊。
The doctor told him to drink plenty of fluids. 医生要他多喝流质。
It's important to replace fluids and salts that are lost during exercise. 补充运动期间流失的液体和盐分很重要。
a fluid consistency 流体黏稠度

adj. 1 人们知道…是真的且非一个复制版的，如真品的:
2 真实的，真正的（关于real、true和authentic:
三者在交集部分无明显的词义差别，一般可互换而不会引起误解）:
3 被制作得极像原版的，如逼真的:
authentic |[ɔ:'θentɪk]
The painting isn’t authentic. 这幅画不是真迹。
an authentic account of life in the desert 对沙漠生活的真实描述 
the authentic voice of young black Americans 年轻美国黑人的真实呼声 
an authentic model of the ancient town 古城的仿真模型

an area of low-lying, uncultivated ground where water collects; a bog or marsh.:一块积水的低洼未开垦土地；沼泽或沼泽。
an area of waterlogged ground:一片水淹地
overwhelm or flood with water:overwhelm或洪水泛滥
(of a boat) become overwhelmed with water and sink:(ofaboat)被水淹没并下沉
overwhelm with an excessive amount of something; inundate:overwhelm有过多的东西；淹没
swamp |swɒmp| Noun/Verb/:沼泽
the ceaseless deluge had turned the lawn into a swamp:不断的洪水把草坪变成了沼泽
a huge wave swamped the canoes:巨浪淹没了独木舟
the life boat somehow did not swamp, but made it to shore:救生艇不知何故没有进入沼泽，而是靠岸了
the country was swamped with goods from abroad:这个国家充斥着来自国外的货物

vt.&vi. [无被动式] 耸肩（表示不感兴趣、不知道或不在乎某事）:
n. [C, usually sing.] 耸肩:
Andy gave a shrug. ‘It doesn't matter.’ 安迪耸耸肩:
'I don't know!' she said with a shrug. 她耸耸肩说:
shrug |[ʃrʌg]
‘I don't know, ’ Anna replied, shrugging her shoulders. “我不知道。”安娜耸耸肩膀，应了一句。
He merely shrugged his shoulders in reply. 他只是耸耸肩，算是回答。
She shrugged nonchalantly and turned away.她无动于衷地耸了耸肩，扭头走了。
He shrugged helplessly and said nothing.他无能为力地耸了耸肩，什么也没说。
The answer was a simple shrug. 只是耸耸肩作答。
With a mental shrug, he decided to tell the truth. 他在心里无奈地想了想，决定说出实情。
The boy gave a slight shrug and walked away. 那男孩微微耸了耸肩，走开了。
She lifted her shoulders in a little shrug. 她微微耸了耸肩。
a shrug of resignation无奈的耸肩 
He replied with a shrug of his shoulders. 他耸了耸肩算是作答。

~ sth through sth 用水冲洗:
vt.&vi. 冲（抽水马桶）:
vt. 用水冲走:
n. [sing.] 冲（抽水马桶）:
n. [sing.] 突然快速的增多，即激增、大量涌现出:
vt.&vi. 把（人或动物）驱赶出、把…赶出:
n. [C, usually sing.] 一阵强烈的感情，或由此引起的脸部或身体的反应:
n. [sing.] 突然快速的增多，如大量涌现出:
vt.&vi.（人或脸）变红，尤指由于尴尬、愤怒、内疚或温度高而变红:
n. [C, usually sing.]（尴尬、兴奋或温度高所造成的）脸红:
n. [C]（在纸牌游戏中某人所持有的）同花的一手牌:
adj. [不用于名词前] ~ with sth（两个表面）完全齐平的:
n. [C, usually sing.]（兴奋或温度高所造成的）脸红:
adj. [非正式][不用于名词前]（通常指短期）很有钱的，如暴富的:
flush |[flʌʃ]
vt. ~ sth out (with sth) 
Flush the pipe out with clean water. 用净水冲洗管子。
Flush clean water through the pipe. 用净水冲洗管子。
That won't flush out all the sewage, but it should unclog some stinking drains. 那样做虽不能将污物全部冲掉，但应该能疏通一些散发恶臭的排水管。
Flush the eye with clean cold water for at least 15 minutes. 用干净冷水冲洗眼睛至少 15 分钟。
Water is ideal to flush the kidneys and the urinary tract. 用水清洗肾脏和尿道最理想不过。
She flushed the toilet and went back in the bedroom. 她冲完马桶回到卧室。
the sound of the toilet flushing 冲马桶的声音 
They flushed the drugs down the toilet. 他们从马桶冲走了毒品。
Drinking lots of water will help to flush toxins out of the body. 大量饮水有助于清除体内毒素。           
Give the toilet a flush. 冲抽水马桶。          
the flush of recent victories 最近接二连三的胜利 
a flush of memories 记忆涌现
They flushed them out of their hiding places. 他们把他们从藏身之处赶了出来。
The Guyana Defence Force is engaged in flushing out illegal Brazilian miners operating in the country. 圭亚那国防军正采取行动驱逐在本国作业的非法巴西矿工。
a flush of anger, a flush of enthusiasm, a flush of guilt 一阵愤怒；一阵热情；一阵内疚 
a hectic flush of rising excitement 由于越来越兴奋而涨得脸通红 
A flush of embarrassment rose to her cheeks. 她尴尬得两颊绯红。
in the flush of victory 在一阵胜利的喜悦中 
the first flush of passion 激情的初现 
the first flush of young love 年轻人初尝恋爱滋味的兴奋            
a flush of memories 记忆涌现
She flushed with anger. 她气得涨红了脸。
Sam felt her cheeks flush red. 萨姆感觉她满脸通红。
Do you sweat a lot or flush a lot? 你常出汗或是脸上常发烫吗？
He turned away embarrassed, his face flushing red. 他难为情地扭过头去，羞红了脸。
He flushed scarlet with embarrassment. 他尴尬得满脸通红。
He made his excuses, flushing guiltily. 他找了个借口，脸由于内疚而发红。
A pink flush spread over his cheeks. 他满脸通红。
Hot drinks can cause sweating and hot flushes in the face and head. 喝热饮料会出汗，脸和头也会发热潮红。
She felt a dull flush of anger creeping into her face. 她感到自己开始气得脸发红。
The promise in his voice brought a warm flush to her cheeks. 听他话中的许诺之意让她不由得两颊发红。
There was a faint flush of colour on those pale cheeks. 苍白的面颊上有一丝淡淡的红晕。
Make sure the paving stones are flush with the lawn. 务必要使铺路石和草坪齐平。
Make sure the tile is flush with the surrounding tiles. 要保证每块瓷砖都和它周围的瓷砖在同一平面上。
A pink flush spread over his cheeks. 他满脸通红。
Hot drinks can cause sweating and hot flushes in the face and head. 喝热饮料会出汗，脸和头也会发热潮红。
The promise in his voice brought a warm flush to her cheeks. 听他话中的许诺之意让她不由得两颊发红。
There was a faint flush of colour on those pale cheeks. 苍白的面颊上有一丝淡淡的红晕。
At that time, many developing countries were flush with dollars earned from exports. 在那时，许多发展中国家都通过出口赚到了大量美元。
If we're feeling flush we'll probably give them champagne. 等我们有钱了就可能会给他们喝香槟。
