residence				住所，居住
achieve							达到，实现，取得
intellect				思维能力，智力
commonplace				普遍的
drowse				打盹
aquatic				水生的，水上的
cheer					使振奋，欢呼
charity						慈善机构，慈爱
lock				锁，闸，夹，锁上
posthumous		死后获得的
puncture			刺孔，刺破
corporate							全体的，公司的，联合的，企业集团
proclaim			宣布，表明
fame				名气
trifle			琐事，少量
a trifle			稍微
pervade			弥漫于，遍及
scar							疤，瑕疵，
unconscious								失去知觉的，未意识到的
investigate					调查，审查
oasis				绿洲，乐土
hard					困难的，坚硬的，辛苦的，用力的
orthodox				传统的，普遍接受的，规范的
salvage			打捞，挽回，回收利用，抢救
confusion			困惑，混淆，窘迫
exceptional						例外的，杰出的
drought						旱灾
null				无法律效力的
fetch						接来，取来，售得，给以
harness					保护带，利用
\\\\\\\\

n. 1 [U] [正式]（在某地的）居住:
2 [U] [正式]（也可用residency）在别国的居住权、居留权、居留许可:
n. [C] [正式] 住宅，尤指大型或令人印象深刻的宅第:
residence |[ˈrezɪdəns]
They were not able to take up residence in their new home until the spring.（正式）他们到第二年春天才住进了新家。
She moved out of 28 Barbary Lane to take up residence in a house in Pacific Heights. 她从巴巴里街28号搬出来，住进了太平洋高地住宅区的一所房子。
Please state your occupation and place of residence. 请说明你的职业和住址。
differences among women based on age, place of residence and educational levels 不同年龄、居住地和教育程度的女性之间的差异 
The flag flies when the Queen is in residence. 女王的王宫及驻跸处均有国旗飘扬。
Windsor is open to visitors when the Royal Family is not in residence. 王室未在温莎城堡居住期间，城堡会对游客开放。
normal residence（英，法律）常住地 
legal residence 合法居留 
The family took up temporary residence in the manor house. 一家人临时在庄园宅邸住下了。
residence hall（美）宿舍楼 
a change of residence 迁居 
sb's city of residence, sb's country of residence 某人居住的城市；某人居住的国家 
The notice was addressed to her last known place of residence. 通知寄到了她已知的最新住址。
a hall of residence（英）（美式英语用dormitory）宿舍楼 
The university has two halls of residence for its postgraduate students. 这所大学有两座研究生宿舍楼。
They have been denied residence in this country. 这个国家不给他们居住资格。
a residence permit 居留许可证 
They had entered the country and had applied for permanent residence. 他们已经入境该国，并申请了永久居留权。
She travels constantly, moving among her several residences around the world. 她经常旅行，穿梭于她在世界各地的多处住所。
desirable residence（英）理想的居所 
family, student residence 家庭住宅；学生宿舍 
a desirable family residence for sale (= for example, in an advertisement) 待售的理想家居 
palatial residence 富丽堂皇的住宅 
official residence 官邸 
10 Downing Street is the British Prime Minister's official residence. 唐宁街10号是英国首相的官邸。
royal residence 皇家宅邸 
personal（美）, private residence 个人住宅；私人住宅 
main, primary（尤美）, principal residence 主要住处 
Tax breaks are often available to those buying a primary residence. 购买主要居所经常可减税。
Their principal residence was in Chicago. 他们的主要住所位于芝加哥。
current, former residence 现居处；故居 
summer residence 夏季住宅 
country, town（尤英）residence 乡下住宅；城里住宅 
new residence 新住宅

vt. 1（尤指通过长期的努力）达到某一目标、地位或标准，相当于attain。是一个常规用词:
2 成功做成某事或成功使得（如引起、造成）某事发生，即成功完成，相当于accomplish:
vi. 成功:
achieve |[ə'tʃi:v]
He had finally achieved success. 他终于获得了成功。
to achieve his target  实现他的目标 
I haven’t achieved very much today. 我今天没做成多少事。
All you’ve achieved is to upset my parents. 你唯一做到的就是使我的父母难过。
to achieve at school 在学校学有所成

n. [C] 智力极高的人:
n. [U, C] 智力，尤指高等的思维逻辑领悟力:
intellect |[ˈɪntəlekt]
She was one of the most formidable intellects of her time. 她是当时的一名盖世英才。
My boss isn't a great intellect. 我的老板才智并不出众。           
Do the emotions develop in parallel with the intellect? 情感与智力是并行发展的吗？
The intellect is not the most important thing in life. 才智不是生活中最重要的东西。
Her intellect is famed far and wide. 她的非凡才智闻名遐迩。
a man of considerable intellect 相当有才智的人 
The members of the committee described Gates as a man of keen intellect. 委员会委员把盖茨描述为才智过人。
She uses her powerful intellect to examine the relationship between human society and nature. 她运用自己的聪明才智研究人类社会与自然的关系。

adj. 经常发生或存在于很多地方，因而很寻常的，如平凡的、普通的:
adj. 经常发生或存在于很多地方，因而很寻常的，如平凡的、普通的；普遍的:
n. [usually sing.] [正式] 平淡无奇的言语等；老生常谈、陈词滥调:
commonplace |[ˈkɒmənpleɪs;美ˈkɑ:m-]
Foreign vacations have become commonplace. 去国外度假已经变得很平常了。
Her situation sounded commonplace enough. 她的情况听起来十分平常。
Foreign vacations have become commonplace. 去国外度假已经变得很平常了。
It is commonplace for snipers to open fire on aid convoys. 狙击手向救援车队开火的事情很常见。
Computers are now commonplace in primary classrooms. 计算机如今在小学教室里很普遍。
Such actions were regarded as commonplace during the war. 这样的行为被认为是战争期间常有的事。
Her situation sounded commonplace enough. 她的情况听起来十分平常。
These ideas are commonplace among teenagers. 这些观念在十几岁的人中间很常见。
It is a commonplace to say that Northern Ireland is a backwater in the modern Europe. 说北爱尔兰是现代欧洲死气沉沉的落后地区已是陈词滥调了。

vi. 浅睡，或几乎要睡着:
drowse |[draʊz]
Nina drowsed for a while. 尼娜打了会盹。

Aquatic means relating to water. 与水相关的
An aquatic animal or plant lives or grows on or in water. 水生的
aquatic |英 [ə'kwætɪk; -'kwɒt-]  美 [ə'kwætɪk]| adj. 水生的；水栖的；在水中或水面进行的/n. 水上运动；水生植物或动物/n. (Aquatic)人名；(法)阿卡蒂克/
...our aquatic resources.…我们的水资源。
The pond is small but can support many aquatic plants and fish.这个池塘虽小，但是能养活许多水生植物和鱼。


vt. 常用被动式，给予某人希望、安慰或鼓励，与boo相反（也可用cheer up）:
n. 1 [C] 表示高兴、支持或赞美的喊叫，即欢呼声，喝彩声:
2 [C] [美] 拉拉队的加油歌或加油诗:
3 [U] [正式或文学] 欢乐（或幸福）的气氛，反义词为boo:
vt.＆vi. 大声喊叫以给予某人支持、赞美或鼓励，即欢呼、喝彩、加油:
cheer |[tʃɪə]
I was greatly cheered by this news. 这条消息使我大为振奋。
Talking to Jane cheered me up a lot. 与简谈话让我心情愉快了许多。
I cheered her up with a trip to the zoo. 我带她去了趟动物园，使她高兴起来。
The players were greeted by rousing cheers. 人们对选手们热烈欢呼。
She went off the stage to loud cheers. 她在响亮的欢呼声中走下舞台。
cheer for democracy 为民主的欢呼 
cheers of welcome 表示欢迎的欢呼 
cheers of encouragement 鼓励的喝彩声 
We all cheered as the team came on to the field. 球队入场时我们都为之欢呼。

n. 1 [C] 慈善机构、慈善组织:
2 [U] 慈善事业:
3 [U] 慈善、赈济；赈济金、施舍物:
4 [U] [正式]（尤指对别人进行评判时，对其表现出的）慈善、同情或宽容:
charity |[ˈtʃærəti]
Many charities sent money to help the victims of the famine. 许多慈善机构捐款赈济饥民。
The concert will raise money for local charities. 这场音乐会将为当地慈善机构募捐。
The National Trust is a registered charity. 全国托管协会是个已注册的慈善机构。
an Aids charity 艾滋病慈善组织 
a charity for sick children 服务患病儿童的慈善机构 
cancer, conservation, educational, medical charity 癌症慈善机构；自然资源保护慈善机构；教育慈善机构；医疗慈善机构 
Christian, religious charity 基督教慈善团体 
She runs a charity for homeless young people. 她经营着一家救助无家可归的年轻人的慈善机构。
All the proceeds from the sale will go to charity. 义卖所得将全部捐给慈善机构。
He made substantial donations to charity. 他为慈善事业捐了很多钱。
Gooch will be raising money for charity. 古奇将进行慈善募捐。
Most of the runners in the London Marathon are raising money for charity. 大多数人参加伦敦马拉松赛跑是为慈善事业募集资金。
Do you give much to charity? 慈善捐助你捐得多吗？
charity auction, charity ball, charity benefit, charity concert, charity dinner, charity event, charity function, charity fund-raiser, charity game（美）, charity match, charity show 慈善拍卖；慈善舞会；慈善义演；慈善音乐会；慈善晚宴；慈善活动；慈善宴会；慈善募捐会；慈善比赛；慈善演出 
charity school（尤英）慈善学校 
charity shop（英）慈善商店 
charity work 慈善工作 
charity worker 慈善工作人员 
an act of charity善举 
to live on/off charity (= to live on money which other people give you because you are poor) 靠赈济生活 
My mum was very proud. She wouldn't accept charity. 母亲自尊心很强，不会接受施舍。
Her husband is unemployed and the family depends on charity. 她丈夫失业了，全家人靠救济金过日子。
Her article showed no charity towards her former friends. 她的文章对她以前的朋友毫不宽容。

n. [sing.] [美] a lock (on sth)（对某事物的）完全控制:
n. 1 [C]（门、窗、盖子等的）锁:
2 [C]（交通工具或机器的）锁（配有钥匙，以防止别人使用）:
vt.＆vi. 把某东西用锁头锁住；被用锁头锁住:
vt. 把某事物置于一个安全的地方并将其锁起来:
n. [U] 机器部件等所处的一种不动的状态，如锁定:
vt. be locked together/in sth 被某人紧紧抓住或抱住等。是一个形象化用法:
vt. be locked together/in sth 被某人紧紧抓住等:
vt. be locked in/into sth 卷入或陷入（一个困境、一场争论、争执等）:
lock (sth) (together) 固定在一个地方而不能动；使某东西固定在一个地方而不能动:
vt. 给计算机文件加锁:
n. [C]（机器的）锁（配有钥匙，以防止别人使用）:
n. 1 [C]（头上悬垂下来或系成一股的）一绺（或一缕）头发:
2 [pl.] [文学] locks 一个人的头发:
n. [C] 橄榄球运动中可指（并列争球的）一名第二排前锋队员:
n. [C]（运河或河流的）闸，船闸:
n. [C]（交通工具的）锁（配有钥匙，以防止别人使用）:
n. [U, sing.] [英]（汽车等）前轮转向的角度大小:
lock |[lɒk]
to have a lock on grain sales 垄断谷物销售
She turned the key in the lock. 她转动锁眼里的钥匙。
bicycle lock, steering lock 自行车的车锁；转向锁
Did you lock the door? 你锁门了吗？
This suitcase doesn’t lock. 这手提箱锁不上。
Keep your garage securely locked. 把你的车库锁严。
She locked her passport and money in the safe. 她把自己的护照和钱锁在了保险柜里。
I was terrified they would lock me in again. 我非常害怕他们会再把我锁起来。
I locked myself in the bathroom. 我把自己锁在浴室里。
They were locked in a passionate embrace. 他们热烈地拥抱在一起。
The two sides are locked into a bitter dispute. 双方陷入了激烈的争论。
She felt locked in a loveless marriage. 她觉得自己陷入了一桩没有爱情的婚姻。
vt.＆vi. lock (sth) (in/into/around, etc. sth) 
The brakes locked and the car skidded. 汽车刹车抱死，车在原地打滑。
He locked his helmet into position with a click. 他喀哒一声把头盔扣好。
These files are locked to protect confidentiality. 为了保密，这些文件都加了锁。
He brushed a lock of hair from his eyes. 他撩开眼前的一绺头发。
She shook her long, flowing locks. 她抖了抖她那飘逸的长发。
a bicycle lock 自行车的车锁 
a steering lock 转向锁
I had the steering wheel on full lock. 我把方向盘转到了底。

posthumously
Posthumous is used to describe something that happens after a person's death but relates to something they did before they died. 死后的; 身后的
posthumous |英 ['pɒstjʊməs]  美 ['pɑstʃəməs]| adj. 死后的；遗腹的；作者死后出版的/
He was buried with full military honours and posthumously awarded a Purple Heart.他被按照最高军事荣誉埋葬，死后被授予一枚紫心勋章
...the posthumous publication of his first novel....他的第一部小说在他死后的出版。


vt. 挫伤某人的感性、信仰、信心、锐气等:
vt.&vi. 在某事物上扎小孔；被刺上小孔:
vt.&vi. 在身体上扎小孔；身体被刺上小孔:
n. [C] [英] 尖锐物体在轮胎上刺破的小孔、小洞:
n. [C] 尖锐物体在皮肤上刺破的小孔:
puncture |[ˈpʌŋktʃə(r)]
to puncture sb's confidence 打击某人的信心 
His enthusiasm for fishing had been punctured by the sight of what he might catch. 看到只能钓到这种东西，他对钓鱼的热情受到了打击。
to puncture a tyre 扎破轮胎 
One of the front tyres had punctured. 一个前轮被扎破了。
The tyre is guaranteed never to puncture or go flat. 这种轮胎保证永远不会被扎破或撒气。
He punctured a tyre in the last lap. 最后一圈时，他的轮胎扎破了一个。
She was taken to the hospital with broken ribs and a punctured lung. 她肋骨骨折、肺部穿孔，被送往医院。
The bullet punctured the skull. 子弹穿透了头骨。
I had a puncture on the way and arrived late. 我在路上扎破了轮胎，所以迟到了。
Somebody helped me mend the puncture. 有个人帮我修补扎破的轮胎。
The tyre had a slow puncture and had to be pumped up every day. 车胎上有个慢撒气的孔，必须每天充气。
She suffered a puncture in the fifth lap. 第五圈时她的轮胎给扎了个孔。
puncture repair kit 一套扎孔修补工具
An instrument called a trocar makes a puncture in the abdominal wall. 一种叫做套管针的工具在腹壁上刺了一个孔。
people with puncture wounds 被刺伤的人们

relating to a large company or group:与大公司或集团有关
(of a large company or group) authorized to act as a single entity and recognized as such in law:（大型公司或集团）被授权作为单一实体行事并在法律上被承认
of or shared by all the members of a group:
a corporate company or group.:企业公司或集团。
corporate |ˈkɔːp(ə)rət| Adjective/Noun/:公司的,企业
airlines are very keen on their corporate identity:airlines非常热衷于他们的企业形象
local authorities, like other corporate bodies, may reduce capital spending:地方当局，与其他公司机构一样，可能会减少资本支出
the service emphasizes the corporate responsibility of the congregation:服务强调会众的企业责任

vt. [正式] 明确显示；成为标志；表明:
vt. 公开且正式地向人们宣告重要的事:
vt. 明确地说（有一种强调的意味）:
proclaim |[prəˈkleɪm]
This building, more than any other, proclaims the character of the town. 这座建筑比任何其他建筑都能代表本城的特色。
His boyish looks seemed to proclaim his inexperience. 他孩子般的长相使他显得缺乏经验。
His accent proclaimed him a Scot. 他的口音表明他是苏格兰人。
The president proclaimed a state of emergency. 总统宣布了紧急状态。
The charter proclaimed that all states would have their own government. 宪章规定，各州皆允许建立各自的政府。
He proclaimed himself emperor. 他自封为皇帝。
The Boers rebelled against British rule, proclaiming their independence on 30 December 1880. 布尔人反抗英国统治，并于1880年12月30日宣布独立。
Britain proudly proclaims that it is a nation of animal lovers. 英国骄傲地声称自己是一个热爱动物的国家。
to hereby proclaim（常为幽默用法）特此宣布 
I hereby proclaim June 12 as a computer-free day. 我特此宣布6月12日为无计算机日。
'I think we have been heard today,' he proclaimed. “我想今天我们说的大家都听见了，”他明确地说。
He confidently proclaims that he is offering the best value in the market. 他信心百倍地声称他的产品是市场上最物有所值的。
They continue to proclaim their innocence. 他们继续宣称自己无辜。
She proclaimed her innocence to the world. 她向全世界表明她的无辜。
She boldly proclaimed that her goal was to win the championship. 她大胆地宣布，她的目标是赢得冠军。
She repeatedly proclaimed her devotion to the cause. 她反复强调她对事业的献身精神。
Everyone is proclaiming him as the next president. 大家都说他会是下一任总统。

n. [U] 被很多人知晓并谈论的状态，即名声、名誉、名气:
fame |[feɪm]
to achieve/win instant fame 立即赢得名声 
to rise/shoot to fame overnight 一夜之间成名 
The film earned him international fame. 这部电影为他赢得了国际声望。
She gained international fame as a dancer. 她是国际知名的舞蹈演员。
brief fame 短暂的名气 
posthumous fame 死后的声誉 
He was enjoying his new-found fame. 他新近赢得了声誉。
Her fame rests on a single book. 她的成名源于单单一本书。
a man to whom fame came very late 一个成名很晚的人 
His adventure brought him both fame and notoriety. 他的冒险行动让他毁誉参半。
in search of fame and fortune 追逐名利 
At the height of his fame, his every word was valued. 在他声名鼎盛之时，他的每句话都受到重视。
The town's only claim to fame is that there was once a riot there. 这个镇唯一出名之处就是那里有过一次暴乱。
The restaurant's fame spread quickly. 这家餐馆的名声很快就传播开来。

Trifle is a cold dessert made of layers of sponge cake, fruit gelatin, fruit, and custard, and usually covered with cream. 屈莱弗甜食 (由蛋糕、果冻、水果、蛋奶沙司做成，上浇鲜奶油。)
A trifle is something that is considered to have little importance, value, or significance. 琐事; 微不足道的东西
You can use a trifle to mean slightly or to a small extent, especially in order to make something you say seem less extreme. 有点儿
trifle |英 ['traɪf(ə)l]  美 ['traɪfl]| n. 琐事；蛋糕；少量/vi. 开玩笑；闲混；嘲弄/vt. 浪费；虚度/
...a bowl of trifle.…一碗屈莱弗甜食。
He had no money to spare on trifles.他没钱花在琐碎的东西上。
As a photographer, he'd found both locations just a trifle disappointing.作为一名摄影师，他发现这两个地方都有点儿令人失望。


vt. [正式] 弥漫、遍及某地或某事物的每一个部分，且在各部分都明显。相当于permeate:
pervade |[pəˈveɪd;美pərˈv-]
The entire house was pervaded by a sour smell. 整所房子都充满了酸味。
The smell of sawdust and glue pervaded the factory. 工厂里弥漫着锯屑和胶水的气味。
a pervading mood of fear 普遍的恐惧情绪 
the sadness that pervades most of her novels 充斥她大部分小说的悲怆情绪 
the corruption that pervades every stratum of the country 渗透到社会各阶层的腐败 
the greed that pervades modern society 现代社会中弥漫的贪婪 
atmosphere pervade 气氛弥漫

vt. 常用被动式，损害…的外观:
n. [C]（有损某事物的外观或公共形象的）令人不快（或丑陋）的东西:
n. [C]（一段不愉快的经历给某人留下的）长期的精神创伤:
vt. 常用被动式，（一段不愉快的经历）给某人留下精神创伤:
n. [C] 小山或悬崖上的一块岩石裸露、没有草木的地方，即裸岩:
n. [C]（伤口愈合后在皮肤上留下的）伤疤，伤痕:
vt. 常用被动式，（伤口）愈合后在皮肤上留下疤痕:
scar |[skɑː]
The hills are scarred by quarries. 采石场破坏了山里的景观。
battle-scarred buildings 弹痕累累的建筑物
The town still bears the scars of war. 城里依旧可见战争的疮痍。
The countryside still bears the scars of the recent hurricane. 飓风过后，乡间依然满目疮痍。
Racism has been a scar on the game. 种族主义行为给这项运动抹了黑。
emotional, mental, psychological scar 感情上的伤痕；精神创伤；心理创伤 
His years in prison have left deep scars. 他在狱中的岁月给他留下了深深的创伤。
The experience left her scarred for life. 那段经历给她留下终生的创伤。
emotionally, mentally, psychologically scarred 感情上留下伤痕；精神上留下伤痕；心理上留下伤痕
a scar on his cheek 脸上的伤疤 
Will the operation leave a scar? 手术会不会留下疤痕？
bullet scar 子弹疤痕 
battle scar 战争伤痕 
His face was badly scarred by the fire. 他的脸被大火严重烧伤。
The accident left him permanently scarred. 这次事故给他留下了永久的伤疤。

adj. 由于受伤或疾病而处于一种类似睡眠的状态，且无法运用感官，如昏迷的，不省人事的:
adj. 1 意识不到感情、思想等的发生或存在的，非故意或不受控制的，如自然流露的，无意识的:
2 unconscious of sb/sth 未注意到的，未意识到的，未察觉的，相当于oblivious to:
3 无意识下执行的或完成的，可称为下意识的:
n. [sing.] the unconscious心理学中可指人们未察觉且不能控制（但通过对其行为或梦境的研究则有时可以了解）的心理活动，即无意识:
unconscious |[ʌn'kɒnʃəs]
He was knocked unconscious. 她被打昏了。
She fell unconscious after breathing in the gas. 吸入煤气之后她就不省人事了。
unconscious desires 自然流露的欲望 
The brochure is full of unconscious humour. 这本小册子妙趣横生。
He was quite unconscious of the danger. 他丝毫没有意识到危险。
Parents are often quite unconscious of the ways in which they influence their children. 父母很多时候都意识不到自己在哪些方面会影响孩子。
These impulses are often totally unconscious. 这些冲动常常是在完全下意识的状态下发生的。
In examining the content of the unconscious, Freud called into question some deeply-held beliefs. 在审视无意识的内容时，弗洛伊德对一些根深蒂固的看法提出了质疑。

vt.&vi. 研究一个学科、主题或问题:
vt.&vi. 调查（情况、事件、罪案等的事实、原因、过程等）:
vt. ~ sb (for sth) 调查某人的性格、活动等:
investigate |[ɪnˈvestɪgeɪt]
Scientists are investigating the effects of diet on fighting cancer. 科学家正在研究饮食的抗癌作用。
The research investigates how foreign speakers gain fluency. 这项研究旨在调查讲外语的人如何增加流利程度。
The FBI has been called in to investigate. 联邦调查局奉命进行调查。
The allegations have not yet been properly investigated. 这些指控尚未经过适当调查。
Police are investigating possible links between the murders. 警察正在调查这些谋杀案之间是否存在关联。
The two officers were being investigated by the director of public prosecutions. 两名警官正在接受检察官的审查。
Gas officials are investigating the cause of an explosion which badly damaged a house in Hampshire. 煤气系统的官员正在调查一起瓦斯爆炸的起因，这起事故严重毁坏了汉普郡的一所房屋。
The company has pledged to investigate claims that its products are unsafe. 公司承诺对其产品存在的安全隐患的投诉进行调查。
‘What was that noise? ’ ‘I'll go and investigate.’（非正式用法）“那是什么声音？”“我去看一下。” 
He is being investigated for illegal business dealings. 他因为涉嫌非法交易而正在接受调查。
This is not the first time he has been investigated by the police for fraud. 这不是警方第一次调查他是否有欺诈行为。

You can refer to a pleasant place or situation as an oasis when it is surrounded by unpleasant ones. 绿洲般的地方
oasis |英 [əʊ'eɪsɪs]  美 [o'esɪs]| n. 绿洲；舒适的地方；令人宽慰的事物/n. (Oasis)人名；(英)奥西斯/
The immaculately tended gardens are an oasis in the midst of Cairo's urban sprawl.那些打理得非常整洁的花园是杂乱扩张的开罗市区中的一片绿洲。


adj.（人）在某项活动中投入很多努力或精力的，如努力的，勤劳的:
adv. 努力地:
adj. 缺乏同情心或爱心的，即硬心肠的:
adv. 非常仔细且彻底地:
adv. 长时间地。不过不常用:
adj. [非正式]（人）准备去战斗且未表现出恐惧或虚弱的迹象的，即不畏惧的:
adv. 沉重地；大量地；长时间地:
adj. 用很多（或很大）力量来被完成的，如用力的:
adv. 用很大力量地，用力地:
adj. 坚固的，坚硬的，结实的，难以弯曲或破碎的。是此义的基础用词:
adj.（天气）非常寒冷且恶劣的，如凛冽的:
adj. 只用于名词前，（饮料）酒精浓度高的:
adj.（水）硬的（即含钙和其它难与肥皂相容的矿物质盐的）:
adj. 需要（或耗费）很多体力或脑力的，即辛苦的:
adv. 向左（或右）急转弯地:
adj.（辅音）硬音的（如字母c或g在cat或go，而非在city或giant等词中的发音）:
adj. 只用于名词前，确实属实且基于可证实的信息的，如确凿的，可证实的，可靠的:
adj. 1 hard (for sb) (to do sth) 难做的；难懂的；难以回答的。与easy相反:
2（尤指由于缺乏金钱而）充满困难和问题的，即艰难的，艰苦的，相当于tough:
adv. 艰难地:
hard |[hɑːd]
She’s a very hard worker. 她工作很卖力。
He’s hard at work on a new novel. 他正努力写一本新小说。
to work hard 努力工作 
She tried her hardest not to show how disappointed she was. 她竭力不流露出自己有多失望。
Don’t hit it so hard! 别这么用力打！
He was still breathing hard after his run. 他跑完步，现在还气喘吁吁的。
My father was a hard man. 我父亲是个不讲情面的人。
She gave me a hard stare. 她狠狠地看了我一眼。
He said some very hard things to me. 他对我说了些很不近人情的话。
We thought long and hard before deciding to move house. 我们经过长久慎重的考虑之后才决定搬家。
Come and get me if you think you’re hard enough. 你要是觉得自己有种，就冲着我来吧。
It was raining hard when we set off. 我们出发时正下着大雨。
He gave the door a good hard kick. 他狠狠踢了一下门。
a hard punch 砰的一拳 
Small businesses have been hit hard by the recession.（比喻用法）小企业受到了经济衰退的沉重打击。
a hard mattress 硬床垫 
Diamonds are the hardest known mineral. 钻石是已知的最坚硬的矿石。
The chairs felt hard and uncomfortable. 这些椅子又硬又不舒服。
a hard winter 寒冷的冬天 
There was a hard frost that night. 那天晚上寒冷多霜。
hard liquor 烈酒
a hard water area 硬水区
It’s hard work shovelling snow. 铲雪是个苦活儿。
I’ve had a long hard day. 我这一天是又长又累。
Turn hard right at the next junction. 在下个路口处向右急转弯。
hard evidence 确凿的证据 
hard facts 可靠的事实根据
hard choice, hard question 为难的选择；难以回答的问题 
I found the exam quite hard. 我觉得这次考试非常难。
It is hard to believe that she’s only nine. 很难相信她只有九岁。
I find his attitude very hard to take. 他的态度让我难以接受。
Times were hard at the end of the war. 战争后期生活很艰苦。
She’s had a hard life. 她一生艰难。
Our victory was hard won. 我们的胜利来之不易。

adj. 1（尤指信仰或行为）得到普遍接受或认可的、符合普遍接受的信念的，即正统的、规范的:
2（人）对于自己的宗教或党派持有正统观念的:
adj. Orthodox 指东正教的:
orthodox |[ˈɔ:θədɒks;美ˈɔ:rθədɑ:ks]
orthodox medicine 正统医学 
Many of these ideas are now being incorporated into orthodox medical treatment. 现在这些理念中有很多正被吸收至正统医学治疗中。
His ideas are all fairly orthodox. 他的想法都挺正统。
This is the strictly orthodox view. 这是不折不扣的正统观点。
I am not a very orthodox kind of teacher. 我不是那种很正统的老师。
orthodox Jews 正统派的犹太教徒 
orthodox conservatives 循规蹈矩的保守派
the Greek Orthodox Church 希腊东正教会

vt. ~ sth (from sth) 打捞沉船等；从失事船只或火灾等场合抢救财物等:
vt. 挽救或挽回一个艰难局面:
vt. 挽回面子、尊严、名声、职业生涯等:
n. 1 [U]（尤指在灾难或事故中）对已经（或有可能）损坏或丢失的事物的抢救:
2 [U] 在灾难或事故中抢救出的事物:
salvage |[ˈsælvɪdʒ]
The wreck was salvaged by a team from the RAF. 失事船只被英国皇家空军救援小组打捞起来。
The investigators studied flight recorders salvaged from the wreckage. 调查者研究了从飞机残骸中找到的黑匣子。
We only managed to salvage two paintings from the fire. 我们只从火灾中抢救出两幅画。
The team's first task was to decide what equipment could be salvaged. 该队的首要任务是决定可以抢救哪些设备。
The house was built using salvaged materials. 这栋房子是用回收的废旧材料建成的。
Officials tried to salvage the situation. 官员们试图挽回局面。
Diplomats are still hoping to salvage something from the meeting. 外交官们仍然希望能通过这次会晤挽回点什么。
United lost 5–2, salvaging a little pride with two late goals. 联队以2:5失利，只靠后来两次进球挽回了一点面子。
We definitely wanted to salvage some pride for British tennis. 我们当然想为英国网球挽回一些尊严。
What can I do to salvage my reputation? (= get a good reputation again) 我怎样才能挽回我的名声呢？
Chantal was lucky to be able to salvage her career. 尚塔尔能保住她的事业算是走了运。
the salvage of the wrecked tanker 对失事油轮的打捞 
The salvage operation went on. 抢救行动继续进行。
salvage company, salvage team 打捞公司；抢救队 
the cost of salvage 抢救的代价 
an exhibition of the salvage from the wreck 沉船打捞物品展览 
They climbed up on the rock with their salvage. 他们带着抢救出来的物品爬上岩石。

~ (as to sth)（对未来发生的事、自己应该如何去做、…的含义等的）不确定，如困惑:
2 [U, C] ~ (between A and B) 混淆、搞错:
n. [U]（让人不知所措的，尤指因很多事情同时发生造成的）混乱局面，骚乱、乱成一团:
n. [U]（不理解某事或不确定在某种情况中该如何去做时的一种）困窘、尴尬、局促不安:
confusion |[kənˈfju:ʒn]
There is some confusion about what the correct procedure should be. 对于应该采取什么正确步骤，还是有些不明确。
a confusion as to what to do next 不清楚下一步该怎么办 
There's still confusion about the number of casualties. 伤亡人数依然不明。
Omissions in my recent article must have caused confusion. 我最近一篇文章中的几处省略肯定造成了困惑。
We always left his office in a state of confusion. 我们总是一头雾水地离开他的办公室。
the pressures and confusions of puberty 青春期的种种压力和困惑 
His expression was one of pure confusion. 他显出一副完全摸不着头脑的表情。
mental confusion 神志不清 
I could sense her confusion and frustration. 我能感觉到她的困惑与沮丧。
She stared at them both in utter confusion. 她盯着他俩，完全不知所措。
There has been considerable confusion regarding the facts of her death. 人们对她死亡一事感到颇为费解。
The announcement caused a lot of confusion among the students. 这个布告令学生大惑不解。
There is widespread confusion about the government's health policy. 对于政府的卫生政策，人们普遍觉得费解。
confusion as to the where-abouts of the man 关于这名男子行踪的疑团 
To avoid confusion, please write the children's names clearly on all their school clothes. 为避免搞错，请在孩子所有的校服上写清楚他们的姓名。
To avoid confusion, label each box clearly. 为了避免混乱，给每一个盒子贴上清楚的标签。
medication labels that minimize confusion 尽量减少混乱的药品标签 
confusion between letters of the alphabet like ‘o’ or ‘a’ 像o或a这类字母之间的易于混淆 
confusion between letters of the alphabet 分不清字母表中的字母 
They are very hard to tell apart, so the confusion is understandable. 很难把他们区分开来，所以混淆是可以理解的。
a few key tips to help you avoid any confusion 有助于避免混淆的几条关键提示 
I kept my ex-husband's last name to prevent confusion. 我保留了前夫的姓氏以避免引起混乱。
the confusion of this book with her last one 把这本书与她上一本书弄混
Fighting had broken out and all was chaos and confusion. 战斗爆发了，一切都陷入了混乱不堪的状态。
Her unexpected arrival threw us into total confusion. 她的突然到来使得我们不知所措，乱成一团。
There was confusion when a man fired shots. 一个男子开了几枪，场面一片混乱。
The rebel leader appears to have escaped in the confusion. 叛乱分子首领似乎已乘乱逃脱。
This latest decision has only added to the general confusion. 最近的这个决定只是加剧了总体的混乱。
The office has been thrown into total confusion by her resignation. 她的辞职使办事处陷入一片混乱。
Confusion reigns when two managers give conflicting instructions. 两位经理给出的指示相互矛盾，一切都乱套了。
The government needs to clear up the confusion surrounding its policy on water. 政府需要厘清混乱的水务政策。
In the confusion that followed, she managed to slip away unnoticed. 在接下来的混乱中，她设法神不知鬼不觉地溜走了。
a scene of confusion 混乱的景象 
a state of confusion混乱的状态
He looked at me in confusion and did not answer the question. 他困窘地看着我，没有回答问题。

adj. 非常不寻常的，即异常的、特别的、特殊的、例外的:
adj. 杰出的、优秀的、卓越的:
exceptional |[ɪkˈsepʃənl]
This deadline will be extended only in exceptional circumstances. 只有在特殊情况下才会延长最后期限。
if the courts hold that this case is exceptional 如果法庭认为这是个特殊案例 
School governors have the discretion to allow parents to withdraw pupils in exceptional circumstances. 督学可以酌情允许父母在特殊情况下让学生退学。
At the age of five he showed exceptional talent as a musician. 他五岁时就表现出非凡的音乐才能。
children with exceptional ability 具有非凡才能的孩子们 
His translation is exceptional in its poetic quality. 他的译作非常有诗意。
The quality of the recording is quite exceptional. 录音质量相当不错。

n. [U, C] 长时间的少雨或无雨的状态，即干旱、旱灾:
drought |[draʊt]
two years of severe drought 两年的严重旱灾 
one of the worst droughts on record 有记载以来最严重的旱灾之一 
Drought and famines have killed up to two million people here. 旱灾和饥荒夺去了这里200万人的生命。
He told a press conference that Spain was suffering one of the worst droughts of the century. 他在记者招待会上说西班牙正遭受着本世纪最严重的旱灾之一。
summer drought 夏季干旱 
A week of good rains has broken the drought. 一周的及时雨结束了旱灾。
Large areas of Africa are affected by severe drought. 非洲的大片区域受到严重干旱的影响。
plants that can withstand drought 耐旱植物 
drought conditions 旱情 
drought resistance 抗旱性 
crops that are chosen for their drought tolerance 因为耐旱性而入选的农作物 
Some of the newer plants in the garden died during the drought. 花园里一些较幼小的植物在干旱期间枯萎了。
in times of drought 在干旱时期           

adj. [术语] 零值的；等于零的:
adj. [术语] 零值的；等于零的:
null |[nʌl]
a null result 毫无结果

vt. [尤英] 去某地并把…带回来，如取来等。其过程包含了去和来两个子过程，且为先去后回来:
vt. 将被售得某个价格，将被卖到某个价格，相当于sell for:
fetch |[fetʃ]
to fetch help 去请人帮忙 
to fetch a doctor 去请医生 
to fetch the kids from school 去学校接孩子 
to fetch my bag 去取我的包 
to fetch water 去取水
The painting is expected to fetch $800 at auction. 这幅画预计拍卖可得800美元。

vt. 控制感情:
vt. 控制且利用某种力量（如自然力或人的技能）以产生能量或为达成某事:
n. [C] 系在人身上以携带装备（或限制人移动、防止人掉落）的一套皮质带子等:
vt. 控制且利用某种力量（如自然力或人的技能）以产生能量或为达成某事:
n. [C] 将马套在马车上所需要的一套器具（包含了皮带和一些金属器件），即马具、挽具:
vt. ~ sth (to sth) 给马（或其它动物）套上挽具；用挽具把…套到…上:
harness |[ˈhɑ:nɪs;美ˈhɑ:rnɪs]
the movement's ability to harness the anger of all Ukrainians 该运动之疏解所有乌克兰人怒气的能力
attempts to harness the sun's rays as a source of energy 利用日光作为能源的尝试 
They are attempting to harness the power of the sun. 他们在试图利用太阳能。
Turkey plans to harness the waters of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers for big hydro-electric power projects. 土耳其计划利用底格里斯河和幼发拉底河的河水开发大型水电项目。
How can this energy be harnessed effectively for the good of humankind? 怎样才能有效利用这种能源为人类造福? 
We must harness the skill and creativity of our workforce. 我们必须尽量发挥全体职工的技能和创造力。
child harness 儿童学步带 
climbing, parachute harness 登山索；降落伞吊带 
shoulder harness 肩带 
four-point harness 四点式安全带 
She fastened the safety harness tightly around her waist before starting the descent. 她把安全带牢牢地系在腰部后才开始下降。
Another man in a harness was being lowered from the helicopter. 另一个系着保护带的人正从直升机上被放下来。
attempts to harness the sun's rays as a source of energy 利用日光作为能源的尝试 
They are attempting to harness the power of the sun. 他们在试图利用太阳能。
Turkey plans to harness the waters of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers for big hydro-electric power projects. 土耳其计划利用底格里斯河和幼发拉底河的河水开发大型水电项目。
How can this energy be harnessed effectively for the good of humankind? 怎样才能有效利用这种能源为人类造福? 
We must harness the skill and creativity of our workforce. 我们必须尽量发挥全体职工的技能和创造力。
leather harness 皮革马具 
a horse in harness 套着马具的马
to harness a horse 给马上挽具 
We harnessed two ponies to the cart. 我们把两匹矮种马套到了车上。
On Sunday the horses were harnessed to a heavy wagon for a daylong ride over the Border. 星期天，马匹被套在一辆沉重的马车上，准备踏上长达一天的穿越边境之旅。
In some areas, the poor feel harnessed to their jobs.（比喻用法）有些地区的穷人感觉终身被套牢在他们的工作上。
