delirium				神志失常
pole									柱，杆，地级，磁极
herd						群，民众，放牧
stitch				一针，针法，缝线，缝
slag					煤渣
slag off				贬损
consolidate				加固，整合，合并
civic					市政的，市民的
clash					冲突，有分歧，不协调，争论
distract						使...分心，给...以消遣
strap						带子，皮鞭，用带子固定
format						样式，格式
company								公司，陪伴，客人
trench				沟渠，战壕
vain						自负的，徒劳的
exempt				被免除的，免除
mask							面罩，伪装，掩盖
dwell					居住，存在
misgiving				担忧，疑虑
vex					使恼火
fare							票价，食物，进行
external				外在的，外界的，对外的
sue					控告，起诉
haphazard				杂乱的
allot					分配
psychiatry				精神病学
out										在外面，公开，结束
posture				姿势，仪态，立场
recycle							回收利用
expose					揭露，暴露
perception						感觉，洞察，看法
\\\\\\\\

If someone is suffering from delirium, they are not able to think or speak in a sensible and reasonable way because they are very ill and have a fever. 神志昏迷，说胡话
delirium |英 [dɪ'lɪrɪəm]  美 [dɪ'lɪrɪəm]| n. 精神错乱；发狂，狂热；说谵语状态/
In her delirium, she had fallen to the floor several times.她神志不清时，曾数次摔倒在地板上。


n. [C] 物理学中可指（磁体的）磁极或（电池的）电极:
n. [C] 行星（如地球）的两极中的任何一极:
n. [C]（对立或相反的）任何一方（如品质、观点或信仰截然相反的两极），即极端:
n. [C] 用作支撑之目的的长且直的细木头（或金属）杆或棍子（尤指一端置于地下的柱子）:
vt.＆vi. 用篙撑船:
pole |[pəʊl]
magnetic pole 磁极
North, South pole 北极；南极 
geographic, geomagnetic pole 地极；地磁极
Their opinions were at opposite poles of the debate. 他们的意见在辩论中截然相反。
The two authors represent the opposite poles of fictional genius. 这两位作者代表了天才小说家的两个极端。
an artistic compromise between the poles of abstraction and representation 在抽象与具象这两种艺术极端之间做出的折中 
In temperament, she and her sister are poles apart.（比喻用法）他和姐姐的性情截然相反。
a tent pole 帐篷支柱 
a ski pole 滑雪杖 
a curtain pole 窗帘杆 
a telegraph pole 电线杆

vt. 使某人或某事物朝某个方向移动:
vt. 驱赶（牲畜）:
vi. 某人或某事物朝某个方向移动:
n. [C] 共同栖居并吃食的一群同类动物，如兽群:
vt. 驱赶（牲畜）；牧放（牲畜、兽群）:
n. [C] [常贬] 同类的一大群人，如（缺乏独立思想的）一般民众，芸芸众生:
herd |[hɜ:d;美hɜ:rd]
They were herded together into trucks and driven away. 他们被一起赶上卡车开走了。
He began to herd the prisoners out. 他开始将犯人集中在一起赶出来。
A boy herded half a dozen camels down towards the water trough. 一个男孩赶着六头骆驼朝饮水槽走去。
We all herded on to the bus. 我们全都涌上了公共汽车。
national herd(= all the animals of a particular type in a country) （英）本国种群 
Bad weather has decimated the national herd. 恶劣的天气使得国内动物种群大批死亡。
beef, breeding, dairy herd 菜牛群；种畜群；乳牛群 
The farm has only a small dairy herd. 这座农场只有一小群奶牛。
pedigree herd（英）纯种畜群 
wild herd 野生动物群 
cattle, cow, elephant herd 牛群；奶牛群；象群 
The animals tend to graze in a herd. 这些动物喜欢成群地吃草。
a large herd of cows 一大群奶牛 
a herd of deer 一群鹿 
a member of a herd 畜群中的一只
a shepherd herding his flock 正在放羊的羊倌 
Stefano used a motor cycle to herd the sheep. 斯特凡诺骑一辆摩托车放羊。
A boy herded half a dozen camels down towards the water trough. 一个男孩赶着六头骆驼朝饮水槽走去。
She pushed her way through a herd of lunchtime drinkers. 她从一群午餐时饮酒的人中间挤了过去。
the common herd (= ordinary people) 普通百姓 
thundering herd（尤美）杰出的人 
They hired a thundering herd of corporate executives. 他们雇用了一群杰出的公司管理人员。
If you feel so strongly, why follow the herd(= do the same as everybody else). 既然你如此坚信自己的想法，为什么还要随大溜呢?
She prided herself on standing out from the common herd. 她为自己的出众而自豪。
herd instinct, herd mentality 群体本能；从众心理

vt. 缝；缝补。相当于sew:
n. 1 [C]（缝纫的）一针，针脚；缝:
2 [C]（编织的）一针:
3 [C, U]（尤用于构成复合词）缝法；针法；编织法:
n. [C, usually sing.] 肋部突然的疼痛（多由奔跑或笑引起）；岔气:
vt. ~ sth (up) 缝合伤口:
n. [C]（缝合伤口用的）线:
stitch |[stɪtʃ]
Her wedding dress was stitched by hand. 她的婚纱是手工缝制的。
Fold the fabric and stitch the two layers together. 将布料对折，然后将两层缝在一起。
We stitched incessantly. 我们没完没了地缝着。
An agreement was hastily stitched together (= made very quickly).（比喻用法）仓促达成了一项协议。
Try to keep the stitches small and straight. 针脚要尽量缝得小而直。
a row of straight stitches 一排直直的针脚 
You can use embroidery stitches for further decoration. 你可以用刺绣来作进一步的装饰。
Her mother counted the stitches on her knitting needles. 她母亲数了数编织针上的针数。
She kept dropping stitches. 她总是漏针。
decorative, embroidery stitch 装饰针法；刺绣针法 
hand, machine stitch手工针迹；机器针迹 
blanket, chain, cross, running, satin, seam, straight, zigzag stitch 锁缝针迹；链式针迹；十字形刺绣针迹；平伏针迹；缎纹刺绣针迹；接缝针迹；直线针迹；锯齿形针迹 
Can you do chain stitch? 你会链式针法吗? 
The design can be worked in cross stitch. 这个图案可以用十字针法绣出来。
Put a stitch in the corner of the pocket to keep it in place. 在口袋角那儿缝一针把它固定住。
The edge was sewn with blanket stitch. 边上用的是锁缝针法。
garter, stocking stitch 平针织法；隔行正反针织法 
a woolly vest knitted in garter stitch 用平针法编织的羊毛背心
Can we slow down? I've got a stitch. 我们慢一点好不好？我岔气了。
The cut will need to be stitched. 这伤口需要缝合。
Jill washed and stitched the wound. 吉尔清洗并缝合了伤口。
dissolvable stitch 消溶性缝合线 
butterfly stitch 蝴蝶针 
He needed four stitches. 他需要缝四针。
The cut needed eight stitches. 这道伤口需要缝八针。
I had to have five stitches when I cut my finger. 我切破了手指，不得不缝了五针。
She had five stitches put in her cheek. 她脸颊上缝了五针。
He has now had the stitches taken out.他刚刚拆了线。
When are you having your stitches out? 你什么时候拆线? 
He had twenty stitches in a head wound. 他头上的伤口缝了二十针。


slag |英 [slæg]  美 [slæɡ]| n. 炉渣；矿渣；熔渣/vt. 使成渣；使变成熔渣/vi. 变熔渣/



vt.&vi. [术语]（使）事物结成一体，如合并:
vt.&vi. 巩固权力或成功的地位:
The question is: will the junta consolidate its power by force? 问题是:
consolidate |[kənˈsɒlɪdeɪt;美-ˈsɑ:l-]
The two companies consolidated for greater efficiency. 为提高效率，这两家公司已合并。
Judge Charles Schwartz is giving the state 60 days to disband and consolidate Louisiana's four higher education boards. 查尔斯·施瓦茨法官将给路易斯安那州60天时间来解散然后合并该州的4个高等教育委员会。
IBM, which consolidated some operations last summer, has made clear that it needs to continue to streamline them. 去年夏天合并了部分业务的IBM公司明确表示需要继续进行精简，以提高效率。
All the debts have been consolidated. 所有债项均已合并。
consolidated accounts 合并账目
Enemy forces have consolidated their hold on the northern province. 敌军巩固了对北部省份的控制。
Brydon's team-mate Martin Williamson consolidated his lead in the National League when he won the latest round. 布赖登的队友马丁·威廉森在最近一轮比赛中获胜，巩固了自己在全国联赛中的领先地位。
With this new movie he has consolidated his position as the country's leading director. 他新执导的影片巩固了他作为全国最佳导演的地位。
Italy consolidated their lead with a second goal. 意大利队的第二个进球巩固了其领先的地位。

You use civic to describe the duties or feelings that people have because they belong to a particular community. 市民的; 公民的
You use civic to describe people or things that have an official status in a town or city. 市政的
civic |英 ['sɪvɪk]  美 ['sɪvɪk]| adj. 市的；公民的，市民的/
...a sense of civic pride.…市民自豪感。
...the businessmen and civic leaders of Manchester.…曼彻斯特的商人们和市政领导。


n. [C] 两个金属物品的大且刺耳的撞击声:
vt.&vi.（使）金属发出大且刺耳的声音:
~ (between A and B) (over sth) 信仰或观点不同的两个人或两群人之间的争论、争执:
vi. ~ (with sb) (over/on sth) 公开地争论、辩论:
~ (between A and B) 两群人之间的短暂打斗、打架、冲突:
vi. ~ (with sb) 来到一起打架:
n. [C] 两种颜色、图案等放在一起时的不协调、不搭（即看起来很丑）:
vi. ~ (with sth) 颜色、图案或风格放在一起时看起来很丑，即不协调，不搭:
n. 1 [C] 两个彼此对立的事物之间的差别、差异、分歧:
2 [C] 两件事发生在同一时间，使你不能同时去做这两件事，即时间上的冲突:
vi. ~ (with sth)（信念、思想或个性）迥然不同，彼此对立:
vi. ~ (with sth)（事件或活动）发生在同一时间使你不能同时做这两件事，即时间相冲突:
~ (between A and B) 两群人之间的短暂打斗、打架、冲突:
2 [C] 两个彼此对立的事物之间的差别、差异、分歧:
n. [C]（用于报章中有关体育运动的报道）两队或两人的交锋:
vi. ~ (with sb) 体育用语中尤用来指热情高涨的比赛双方交锋、厮杀:
clash |[klæʃ]
a clash of cymbals, a clash of swords 击铙钹的声音；剑的撞击声 
The long blades clashed together. 长刀相击铿然作响。
She clashed the cymbals. 她当啷一声敲响铙钹。
The golden bangles on her arms clashed and jingled. 她手臂上的金手镯丁零当啷地响。
a head-on clash between the two leaders over education policy 两位领导人就教育政策进行的针锋相对的争论 
The leaders are preparing for a head-on clash at the summit. 首脑们准备在峰会上正面交锋。
The leaders clashed with party members on the issue. 政党领袖与该党党员在这个问题上产生了分歧。
Behind the scenes, Parsons clashed with almost everyone on the show. 在幕后，帕森斯几乎和剧组的所有人都发生过冲突。
armed, bloody, violent clash 武装冲突；流血冲突；暴力冲突 
Clashes broke out between police and demonstrators. 警方与示威者发生了冲突。
Clashes between the rebels and government forces have broken out in the north. 在北方，叛乱者与政府军之间爆发了冲突。
The two sets of supporters clashed outside the stadium. 双方的支持者在体育场外打了起来。
A group of 400 demonstrators clashed with police. 400名示威者与警察发生了冲突。
They often clash violently with rival gangs. 他们经常和敌对帮派发生激烈冲突。
The wallpaper clashes with the carpet. 墙纸与地毯的色彩不协调。
The wallpaper and the carpet clash. 墙纸和地毯的色彩不相配。
The red door clashed with the soft, natural tones of the stone walls. 红门和石墙柔和的自然色调不协调。
So what if the colours clashed? 那么，要是色彩不搭怎么办？
a clash of interests, a clash of opinions, a clash of cultures, a clash of wills 利益冲突；意见分歧；文化差异；意志的冲突 
a personality clash with the boss 与老板的个性不合 
Differences in the aims of the two unions have led to serious clashes over policy. 两个工会在目标上的分歧导致了政策方面的严重冲突。
a clash in the timetable/schedule 时间安排有冲突
His left-wing views clashed with his father's politics. 他的左翼观点与他父亲的政见分歧很大。
His views and his father's clashed. 他的观点与他父亲的观点相抵触。
They have clashing personalities. 他们的个性迥然相异。
Don't make any policy decisions which clash with official company thinking. 所作的任何决策都不要和公司官方理念相冲突。
Here, morality and good sentiments clash headlong. 在这个问题上，道德和良知互不相容。
Unfortunately your party clashes with a wedding I'm going to. 不巧得很，你的聚会和我要参加的婚礼在时间上有冲突。
There are two good movies on TV tonight, but they clash. 今晚电视有两部好电影，但播出时间有冲突。
The detective changed his holiday dates when his flight was brought forward and it now clashed with the trial. 由于航班提前，侦探更改了度假日期，但是这样一来就和审判冲突了。
He has clashed repeatedly with the team coach over training schedules. 在训练时间安排上，他与球队教练冲突不断。
armed, bloody, violent clash 武装冲突；流血冲突；暴力冲突 
Clashes broke out between police and demonstrators. 警方与示威者发生了冲突。
Clashes between the rebels and government forces have broken out in the north. 在北方，叛乱者与政府军之间爆发了冲突。
a clash of interests, a clash of opinions, a clash of cultures, a clash of wills 利益冲突；意见分歧；文化差异；意志的冲突 
a personality clash with the boss 与老板的个性不合 
Differences in the aims of the two unions have led to serious clashes over policy. 两个工会在目标上的分歧导致了政策方面的严重冲突。
Bayern's clash with Roma in the European Cup 拜仁队在欧洲杯赛中与罗马队的交锋
The two teams clash in tomorrow's final. 这两支队将在明天的冠亚军决赛中厮杀。
The two sides will clash there only if Chelsea beat Sunderland in their quarter-final replay. 只有切尔西队在四分之一决赛的重赛中击败桑德兰队，双方才会交锋。

vt. ~ sb/sth (from sth) 转移某人的注意力；使某人分心:
distract |[dɪˈstrækt]
You're distracting me from my work. 你使我不能专心工作。
Tom admits that playing video games sometimes distracts him from his homework. 汤姆承认玩电子游戏有时会使他无心做作业。
Don't let yourself be distracted by fashionable theories. 不要让自己被流行的理论分散了注意力。
Don't talk to her--she's very easily distracted. 不要同她讲话——她的注意力很容易分散。
It was another attempt to distract attention from the truth. 这又是企图分散人们对事实真相的注意力。
He's easily distracted from his work. 他工作时注意力很容易分散。
A noise outside momentarily distracted her. 外面的噪声一时分散了她的注意力。
an attempt to distract attention away from the real problems in the country 把注意力从国家的实际问题上转移开的企图           

vt.&vi. 用带子系（或捆、扎、扣）好:
n. [C]（皮革、布料或其它材质的）带子:
vt.&vi. ~ sth (up) 给伤口包扎、打绷带。相当于bandage:
strap |[stræp]
He strapped the knife to his leg. 他把刀绑到腿上。
Everything had to be strapped down to stop it from sliding around. 所有东西必须绑定，免得来回滑动。
Are you strapped in (= wearing a seat belt in a car, plane, etc.)? 您系好安全带了吗？
He strapped his gun belt on. 他系上了枪带。
His money belt was securely strapped around his waist. 他把腰包安全地绑在腰上。
Make sure that the child is strapped tightly into the seat.一定要把孩子紧紧地拴在座位上。
a watch with a leather strap 皮表带的手表 
She had a wide leather strap around her wrist. 她手腕上系了一条宽皮带。
the shoulder straps of her dress 她连衣裙上的肩带 
Nancy gripped the strap of her beach bag. 南希抓住了自己沙滩包的带子。
Brian pulled the straps through the buckles of his suitcase. 布赖恩将带子穿过自己手提箱的带扣。
a portable radio with a carrying strap（carrying strap尤为美式用法）配有提带的便携式收音机 
He clipped on his safety strap. 他扣上了安全带。
ankle, chest, shoulder, wrist strap 踝带；胸带；肩带；腕带 
bra, guitar, watch strap 胸罩带；吉他带；表带 
The camera was fitted with a strap. 这部照相机装有一条挂绳。
His binoculars were on a strap around his neck. 他的望远镜用带子挂在脖子上。
broad, thick, wide strap 宽带子；厚带子 
narrow, spaghetti（尤美）, thin strap 窄带子；细带子 
tight strap 紧的带子 
loose strap 宽松的带子 
adjustable, detachable, removable strap 可调的带子；可拆卸的带子 
The bag comes with a removable shoulder strap. 这只包配有可拆卸的肩带。
nylon strap 尼龙带 
elastic, padded strap 松紧带；有护垫的带子
I have to keep my leg strapped up for six weeks. 我的腿必须打六星期绷带。

n. [C] 对…的安排（或呈现）的方式或顺序，即程式，形式:
n. [C] 对某事的总体安排、计划、设计等:
n. [C] 电影、音乐录制品等的格式:
n. [C] 计算机上所存储或运行的数据的格式:
vt. 对计算机磁盘进行格式化（使其有空间来存储数据）:
vt. [术语] 在屏幕上安排文本的版式（使其可以在电脑上以某种方式显示）:
n. [C] 图书、杂志等的形状和尺寸，也可叫做版式或开本:
vt. [术语] 在某页上安排文本的版式（使其可以印刷）。与set几无区别，不过比set略为常用:
format |['fɔ:mæt]
to explain the format of the programme 解释这个节目的程式 
All the lectures follow the same basic format. 所有的讲座都沿袭同一基本形式。
the format of the conference 会议的形式
the format of the quiz show 智力竞赛节目的总体安排
His latest album is available on all formats. 他的最新专辑有各种格式可以买到。
digital format 数码格式 
DVD format DVD格式
file format 文件格式 
PDF format PDF格式
to format a disk 对磁盘进行格式化
When text is saved from a Web page, it is often very badly formatted with many short lines. 文本从网页上另存时版式通常会变乱，出现很多短行。
They’ve brought out the magazine in a new format. 他们用新的版式出版该杂志。
large format 大开本 
The book is now available in a slightly smaller format. 这本书现在有略小一些的开本在售。

n. [U] 与别人在一起，且不孤单，即陪伴:
n. [U] 在一起的一群人，是一种正式用法:
n. [U] 来到主人家的宾客，即来宾，是一种正式用法:
n. [C] 舞蹈的演出团，即舞蹈团，常用于名称:
n. [C] 戏剧或舞蹈的演出团，即剧团，常用于名称:
n. [C] 指一群人为了营利之目的而组建的一个商业组织，即公司，是此义的一个基础用词。范围涵盖了各种类型的公司，但不特指某类公司:
n. [C]（部队的）连队:
company |['kʌmpənɪ]
I enjoy Jo’s company. 我喜欢和乔在一起。
She enjoys her own company when she is travelling. 她喜爱独自旅行。
The children are very good company at this age. 和这个年龄的孩子在一起很开心。
He’s nervous in the company of his colleagues. 他和同事们一起时很紧张。
I’ll stay and keep you company. 我会留下来陪你。
I took my mother with me for company. 我把母亲带在身边做伴。
have the pleasure of sb’s company（正式用法）有幸邀请到某人光临
It is bad manners to whisper in company. 在众人面前窃窃私语是不礼貌的行为。
That’s not something to say in mixed company. 在男女都在场的情况下不该说那些话。
John’s mother was worried about the company he kept. 约翰的母亲很担心他交的那些朋友。
We’re expecting company this afternoon. 我们今天下午有客人。
ballet company 芭蕾舞团          
the Royal Shakespeare Company 皇家莎士比亚戏剧团 
touring company 巡回演出团 
opera, theatre/theater company 歌剧团；剧团
big, large, major company 大公司 
medium-sized company 中等规模的公司 
small company 小公司 
holding, parent company 控股公司；母公司 
family-owned, state-owned company 家族公司；国有公司 
private company 私营公司 
trading company 贸易公司 
Internet company 互联网公司 
company president 公司总裁 
company official 公司官员 
company car 公司汽车 
company name 公司名称 
company headquarters 公司总部 
company employee 公司雇员 
two tank companies 两个坦克连

n. [C]（也可用ocean trench）海底的长长的深海沟、大洋沟:
n. [C] 战壕（the trenches 常指第一次世界大战的西线战场）:
n. [C] 在地上挖掘的一条长长的深沟（例如水渠）:
trench |[trentʃ]
defensive trench 防御战壕 
enemy trench 敌人的战壕 
communication, front-line, slit trench 交通壕；前线的战壕；狭长战壕 
trench warfare 堑壕战 
trench foot 壕沟足（一种脚气病）
We fought with them in the trenches. 我们曾在一战西线战场上与他们并肩作战。
deep, narrow, shallow trench 深壕；窄沟；浅沟 
muddy trench 泥泞的沟渠

adj. [贬] 对自己的外貌、能力或成就太过骄傲的，即自负的，相当于conceited:
adj. 不产生自己想要的结果的，即徒劳的，相当于useless。是一个常规用词，常用于“in vain”这种结构中:
vain |[veɪn]
She’s too vain to wear glasses. 她太爱虚荣，不肯戴眼镜。
She closed her eyes tightly in a vain attempt to hold back the tears. 她紧闭双眼，却无法忍住泪水。
I knocked loudly in the vain hope that someone might answer. 我敲门敲得很响，希望有人应声，却是徒然。

adj. [名词前不可用] ~ (from sth) 被免除（责任、款项、规则等）的；被豁免的:
vt. [正式] ~ sb/sth (from sth) 正式免除某人的责任或款项:
exempt |[ɪgˈzempt]
The interest on the money is exempt from tax. 这笔钱的利息免税。
This income is totally exempt from taxation. 这项收入完全免税。
Some students are exempt from certain exams. 有的学生可免除某些考试。
Men in college were exempt from military service. 大学在校男生免服兵役。
Children under two years are exempt. 两岁以下儿童免票。
Research might be considered exempt from regulation. 研究可能会被认为不受规则约束。
His bad eyesight exempted him from military service. 他因视力不好而免服兵役。
In 1983, charities were exempted from paying the tax. 1983年慈善团体均免付税款。
South Carolina claimed the power to exempt its citizens from the obligation to obey federal law. 南卡罗来纳州声称有权力免除该州公民遵守联邦法规的义务。
Companies with fifty-five or fewer employees would be exempted from the requirements. 员工在五十五人及以下的公司将免除这些条件。

vt. 1 掩藏感情、气味、事实等（使其他人不能确切知道）:
2 遮掩…（使人不能注意到或认出来…）:
n. [usually sing.]（对真实性格或感情的）隐藏，掩饰:
n. [C] 面膜:
n. 1 [C] 面具；面罩:
2 [C]（对毒气等有害物质进行隔离的）防护面具:
mask |[mɑːsk]
to mask his agitation 掩饰他的不安 
She masked her anger with a smile. 她以微笑掩饰怒火。
the smoke that masked the enemy 遮住敌人的烟雾 
Varnish tends to mask the natural grain of the wood. 罩光漆往往会遮盖木材的天然纹理。
His mask cracked, and she saw for an instant a violent man. 他的伪装破碎了，她瞬间看到了一个狂暴的男人。
Her face was a blank mask. 她脸上装出一副漠无表情的样子。
the mask of friendliness 友善的面具 
a mask for his lack of confidence 掩饰他的缺乏自信
a face mask 面膜
The robber was wearing a stocking mask. 劫匪戴着长筒袜面罩。
surgical mask 外科手术口罩 
oxygen mask 氧气面罩 
protective mask 防护面罩 
ski mask 滑雪面罩 
Halloween mask 万圣节面具 
gas mask 防毒面具 
dust mask 防尘口罩

vi. ~ on/upon sth 长时间大量地思考、说或写，即沉湎于某事（尤指令人不快的事）:
vi. ~ on/upon sth 长时间观看某事物，如凝视:
vi. [正式或文学] 居住、栖身、栖居:
dwell |[dwel]
I'd rather not dwell on the past. 我不想再沉湎于过去了。
So you made a mistake, but there's no need to dwell on it. 你是错了，不过不必老是想着这事儿。
For ten years she dwelled among the nomads of North America. 她在北美游牧民中生活了十年。
They are concerned for the fate of the forest and the Indians who dwell in it. 他们为这片森林及居住于其中的印第安人的命运而担心。
Shiva is a dark god; he dwells in the mountains and deserts. 湿婆神匿影藏形于深山和沙漠之中。

n. [C, usually pl., U] ~ about sth/about doing sth（对可能发生之事，或对所做之事之对错的）疑虑、顾虑、忧虑、担心:
n. [C, usually pl., U] ~ about sth/about doing sth 对某事的疑虑、顾虑（即怀疑做此事是否正确，因此担心得不到想要的结果。也可指对可能发生的事情表示怀疑）:
misgiving |[ˌmɪsˈgɪvɪŋ]
I had grave misgivings about making the trip. 对于这次旅行我有过极大的顾虑。
I read the letter with a sense of misgiving. 我看了那封信，感到有些怀疑。
She had some misgivings about what she was about to do. 她对自己即将要做的事情存有一些顾虑。
The first words of the text filled us with misgiving. 正文开头的文字让我们颇为担心。
I had grave misgivings about making the trip. 对于这次旅行我有过极大的顾虑。
She had some misgivings about what she was about to do. 她对自己即将要做的事情存有一些顾虑。
I read the letter with a sense of misgiving. 我看了那封信，感到有些怀疑。
The first words of the text filled us with misgiving. 正文开头的文字让我们颇为担心。
I felt I had to express my misgivings about her decision. 我觉得必须表明我对她的决定的担忧。She shared my misgivings about the planned weekend. 她和我一样对这个周末计划心存疑虑。He agreed, despite his misgivings. 尽管心存疑虑，他还是同意了。
I viewed the process with grave misgivings. 我忧心忡忡地目睹了这一过程。
She had serious misgivings about the whole affair, but they proved unfounded. 她对整件事疑虑重重，结果证明她的担心是毫无根据的。
He had considerable misgivings at the prospect of moving jobs. 他对可能的工作变动相当担忧。
The local people still had considerable misgivings over the flood of workers into their town. 当地人仍然对外来工人大量涌入他们的城镇疑虑重重。

vexed 烦恼的
If someone or something vexes you, they make you feel annoyed, puzzled, and frustrated. 使烦恼; 使迷惑; 使沮丧
vex |英 [veks]  美 [vɛks]| vt. 使烦恼；使困惑；使恼怒/vi. 烦恼/
Exporters, farmers and industrialists alike are vexed and blame the government.出口商、农场主和工业家们同样恼火，都谴责政府。
It vexed me to think of others gossiping behind my back.想到别人在我背后说闲话让我很恼火。


n. [U] 比喻用法可指供人享受的某种东西:
vi. fare badly, etc. 在某种情况中不成功，相当于get on:
vi. fare well, badly, better, etc. 在某种情况中成功或不成功，相当于get on:
n. [U] 饭菜，是一种过时或正式用法:
n. [C, U] 车费，船费，飞机票价等，是一种交通费:
n. [C] 出租车乘客。不常用:
fare |[feə]
Trials involving celebrities are the daily fare of newspapers. 涉及名人的案件审理是报纸的日常素材。
The band’s music was standard rock fare. 这支乐队的音乐是标准的摇滚风格。
This movie is perfect family fare. 这部电影非常适合家庭观看。
TV fare 电视节目
The party fared very badly in the last election. 该党上次竞选情况很糟。
This movie fared poorly at the British box office. 这部影片在英国的票房销售很差。
The party fared very badly in the last election. 该党上次竞选情况很糟。
This movie fared poorly at the British box office. 这部影片在英国的票房销售很差。
She would fare better in this competition. 她在这次比赛中应当发挥得更好。
plain, simple fare 清淡的食物；简单的食物 
healthy fare 健康的食物 
vegetarian fare 素食 
English fare 英国食物 
Christmas fare 圣诞节食物
full fare 全价车费 
discounted fare 打折车费 
second-class fare 二等座位票价 
coach fare（美）（飞机的）经济舱票（价）
air, bus, taxi, train fare 机票票价；公交车费；出租车车费；火车票价 
fare structure 票价的构成 
Children travel at half fare.（尤英）儿童交通费减半。
The taxi driver picked up a fare at the station. 出租车司机在车站接了一名乘客。

adj. 1（某事物或某人的）外部的，位于（某事物或某人的）外部的:
2 发生或来自于一个外部的地方、组织机构、情形等的:
3（专家）来自（学校或机构）外部的:
adj. 与外国有关的、对外的:
external |[ɪkˈstɜ:nl;美ɪkˈstɜ:rnl]
the external walls of the building 建筑物的外墙 
The lotion is for external use only (= only for the skin and must not be swallowed). 此涂液仅限外用。
internal and external allergic reactions 内外变态反应 
A combination of internal and external factors caused the company to close down. 内外因结合导致了公司的倒闭。
external pressures on the economy 外部因素对经济的压力 
Many external influences can affect your state of mind. 许多外在因素都可能影响人的心情。
a reaction to external events 对外界事件的反应 
Such events occur only when the external conditions are favorable. 这种事情只有在外部条件有利时才会发生。
external examiners, external assessors（均英）校外主考人；外来评定人 
An external auditor will verify the accounts. 外部审计员将核实这些账目。
The government is committed to reducing the country's external debt. 政府决心减少本国的外债。
the Minister of State for External Affairs 外交大臣          

vi. ~ for sth [正式]（尤指在法庭上）正式提出请求:
vt.&vi. ~ (sb) (for sth)（通常为索赔而）对…提起诉讼、控告:
sue |[su:;BritishEnglishalsosju:]
to sue for divorce 起诉要求离婚 
The rebels were forced to sue for peace. 反叛者被迫求和。           
to sue sb for breach of contract 控告某人违反合同 
to sue sb for $10 million (= in order to get money from sb) 控告某人要求得到1 000万元 
to sue sb for damages 起诉某人要求赔偿损失 
They threatened to sue if the work was not completed. 他们威胁说，如果不完成工作，就要提起诉讼。
Mr Warren sued him for libel over the remarks. 沃伦先生控告他散布诽谤性言论。
The company could be sued for damages. 该公司可能会被起诉，要求其赔偿损失。
He threatened to sue the company for negligence. 他威胁说要以过失罪起诉该公司。
The water authority was successfully sued over his illness. 就他的疾病对供水部门提起诉讼获胜。

adj. [贬] 无秩序的；无计划的；组织混乱的:
haphazard |[hæpˈhæzəd;美-zərd]
The books had been piled on the shelves in a haphazard fashion. 书架上的书堆放得杂乱无序。
He had never seen such a haphazard approach to filmmaking as Roberto's. 他从没有见过像罗伯托那样毫无计划地拍摄电影的人。
The investigation does seem haphazard. 调查工作确实看起来缺乏计划。
The government's approach to the problem was haphazard. 政府解决这一问题的方法缺乏计划。
The town had grown in a somewhat haphazard way. 这个镇的发展有些杂乱无章。

If something is allotted to someone, it is given to them as their share. 分配
allot |英 [ə'lɒt]  美 [ə'lɑt]| vt. 分配；拨给；分派/n. (Allot)人名；(英)阿洛特；(西)阿略特；(法)阿洛/
The seats are allotted to the candidates who have won the most votes.这些席位被分配给了赢得了最多选票的候选人。


n. [U] 精神病治疗:
n. [U] 精神病学:
psychiatry |[saɪˈkaɪətri]
a department of psychiatry 精神病科
clinical, community, forensic psychiatry 临床精神病学；社区精神病学；司法精神病学 
adolescent, child, geriatric psychiatry 青少年精神病学；儿童精神病学；老年精神病学 
an institute of psychiatry 精神病学研究所

adj.（关于某事的消息或信息）被公开的:
n. [sing.] 回避（不得不去做的事情）的方法:
adv., prep. 在隐蔽处躲开（阳光、风、雨等）:
adv., prep. 不可能；或不被允许:
adv. 1 out (of sth) 将…（从一个地方、工作职位等）除掉，清除:
2 out (of sth) 表示某人不再参与某事，即脱身、出局、淘汰、摆脱等:
prep. 1 out (of sth) 将…（从一个地方、工作职位等）除掉，清除:
2 out (of sth) 表示某人不再参与某事，即脱身、出局、淘汰、摆脱等:
adj. [非正式] 打算做某事的:
adj.（在比赛等活动中）出局的:
adv., prep. 1 板球、棒球等运动中可指出局:
2 网球等运动中可指出界:
adv. 缺少（表示缺少一笔钱的意思时，为美式非正式用法）:
prep. out of sth 缺少（表示缺少一笔钱的意思时，为美式非正式用法）:
adv., prep. 清楚大声地（使人能够听见）:
adv., prep.（火、灯光、燃烧物等）熄灭:
adj.（灯、火等）熄灭的:
adv., prep. out of sth 不在（或不再处于）某个状态或条件中:
adv., prep. out of sth 表示某事发生的原因，即因为，出于。与from一样，二者都是从原因的来源的角度做出的定义:
adj. out (in sth)（计算、计量）不准确的:
adv., prep. out of sth 没有（表示缺少一笔钱的意思时，为美式非正式用法）:
adv., prep. out (of sth) 清除:
adv., prep. 1 out of sth/sb 来自于:
2 对所有人均可用；为每个人所知晓（如图书或唱片的出版、面世、面市等）:
adv., prep. 结束:
adj. 不再时尚的，过时的:
adv., prep. 不时尚，不时兴，过时:
adv., prep. 放假（表示一个过程的结束）:
adv., prep.（日、月、星辰）可被看见，未被云遮住，即出现:
adv., prep.（花）完全开放，盛开:
adj.（花）盛开的:
adv., prep.（海潮）在退潮期；或退潮:
adj. 退潮的:
adv., prep. out of sth 从（某个数目或集）中:
adv., prep. [非正式] 向他人公开自己的同性恋身份:
vt. 公开说出某人的同性恋身份（尤指在同性恋者本人不愿公开的情况下）:
adv., prep. 1 out (of sth) 从某个地方或事物里出来:
2 out (of sth)（人）不在家或不在工作地点，即外出:
3 在建筑物外:
4 out (of sth) 离开某地的边缘:
5 向外面（看或喊）:
adv., prep. out (of sth) 远离（某地或陆地）；距离某地或陆地有多远:
adj.（提议等）不能被接受的:
adv., prep. out of sth/sb 从…处得到（如从…获得信息或工作等）:
adv., prep. 图书的出版、面世（或面市）:
adj.（图书）面世（或面市）的:
adv., prep. 无知觉；昏迷:
adv., prep. 网球等运动中可指出界:
adv., prep. [英，非正式] 罢工:
adv., prep. 对所有人均可用；为每个人所知晓（如图书或唱片的出版、面世、面市等）:
adj.（图书、唱片等）面世的、面市的:
adv., prep.（书籍等）不在图书馆；已被某人借走:
adv., prep. 到底；完全地:
adv. 不可能；或不被允许:
prep. 不可能；或不被允许:
out |[aʊt]
The word is out that she has fled the country. 有消息说，她已经逃离了那个国家。
to desperately look for an out 拼命寻找一条脱身之计
People can keep out of the sun to avoid skin cancer. 人们可以通过躲开阳光来避免患上皮肤癌。
They want this government out. 他们想要这届政府下台。
to get out of the army 离开部队 
Brown goes on to the semi-finals but Lee is out. 布朗进入了半决赛，但李被淘汰了。
He got thrown out of the restaurant. 他被逐出了餐馆。
Brown goes on to the semi-finals but Lee is out. 布朗进入了半决赛，但李被淘汰了。
It was an awful job and I’m glad to be out of it. 那件差事简直是受罪，不过我很高兴摆脱掉了。
Most companies these days are just out to make a quick profit. 大多数公司如今只图快速获利。
The West Indies were all out for 364. 西印度群岛队以364分全队出局。
The umpire said the ball was out. 裁判员判球出界。
We’re out of milk. 我们没有牛奶了。
to be out of work 失业 
You’re out of luck--I have no money on me. 你真不走运——我身上没带钱。
I’m out ten thousand dollars! 我缺一万美元！
to cry out 大声哭 
to call out 大声叫 
to shout out 大声喊 
Read it out loud. 请大声读出来。
Nobody spoke out in his defence. 没有人站出来替他说话。
The light went out. 灯灭了。
The fire had burnt itself out. 火烧尽后熄灭了。
All the lights were out in the house. 房子里所有的灯都熄灭了。 
Try and stay out of trouble. 尽量别惹麻烦。
The plane was out of my sight. 飞机消失在我的视线中。
Shaun was in the bedroom, out of earshot, watching television. 肖恩在卧室里看电视，听不到。
The economy is starting to climb out of recession. 经济正开始慢慢走出萧条。
I asked out of curiosity. 我出于好奇问了问。
He did it out of spite. 他那么做是出于恶意。
He took up office out of a sense of duty. 他任职是出于一种责任感。
Your guess was a long way out. 你的猜测完全错了。
You were slightly out in your culculations. 你的计算出了点小错。
The estimate was out by less than $30. 这个估计差了不到30美元。
a few inches out 几英寸的误差
We’re out of milk. 我们没有牛奶了。
to be out of work 失业 
You’re out of luck--I have no money on me. 你真不走运——我身上没带钱。
to get stains out 清除污渍 
He drank his beer out of the bottle. 他从瓶口直接喝啤酒。
a statue made out of bronze 一尊青铜像 
to make a building out of wood 用木头建房子 
a romance straight out of a fairy tale 直接从童话改编的浪漫故事 
I paid for the damage out of my savings. 我用自己的积蓄赔偿了损失。
His new book will come out this July. 他的新书将于今年七月出版。
Word always gets out no matter how careful you are. 无论你多么小心，消息总会走漏。
Out with it! 你就说出来吧！
It was July and school was out. 七月，学校放假了。
Romance is making a comeback. Reality is out. 浪漫正回归；现实已过时。
Yellow is out this year. 今年黄色不时兴了。
It was July and school was out. 七月，学校放假了。
The moon came out. 月亮出来了。
The wild flowers are coming out. 野花正盛开着。
Well, the daffodils are out in the gardens! 哇，花园里的水仙花开了！
The tide/sea is going out. 潮水正在退去。
The tide/sea is out. 退潮了。
three out of five 五分之三 
He scored eight out of ten. 总分十分他得了八分。
an out gay man 已公开同性恋身份的男子 
He was out. 他公开了自己的同性恋身份。
He is outed by one of his friends. 他的一个朋友揭露了他的同性恋身份。
to ran out into the garden 跑出去，冲进花园 
She let him out of the house. 她让他离开了那座房子。
to come out of college 离开大学（如大学毕业）
Out you go! 滚出去！
Some coins fell out. 几枚硬币掉了出来。
to get out of bed 起床 
He opened the box and out jumped a frog. 他打开盒子，从里面蹦出一只青蛙来。
He took out his notebook. 他拿出了笔记本。
I called him but he was out. 我给他打了电话，但是他不在。
Let’s go out this evening. 咱们今天晚上出去吧。
It’s hot out. 外面热烘烘的。
The boy dashed out into the road. 那个男孩向路中间冲去。
Don’t lean out of the window. 不要探出窗外。
He was staring out of the window. 他当时正凝视着窗外。
to work out in Africa 远在非洲工作 
He lives right out in the country. 他住在远离此地的乡间。
ten miles out of the port 离港口十英里远 
They’ve finished their investigations out there. 他们已经完成了在那边的调查。
That idea is out, I’m afraid. 那个观点恐怕是不能接受的。
I’ll get the truth out of him. 我会从他那里套出实情。
Tom hasn’t let the pressure take the fun out of the sport. 汤姆没有让压力夺走这项运动的乐趣。
His new book will come out this July. 他的新书将于今年七月出版。
The French edition came out in early 2006. 法文版在2006年初面市。
His new novel is out now. 他的新小说现已面市。
He was out for three hours and came round finally. 他昏迷了三个小时，最终苏醒过来了。
The umpire said the ball was out. 裁判员判球出界。
His new book will come out this July. 他的新书将于今年七月出版。
The French edition came out in early 2006. 法文版在2006年年初面市。
Their new album is out now. 他们的新专辑现已面市。
The book you wanted is out on loan. 你要的那本书已经借出去了。
Hear me out before you say anything. 你听我说完再讲话。
We left them to fight it out. 我们让他们争吵（或打）个输赢。
Swimming is out until the weather gets warmer. 天气转暖前，游泳是不可能的。

n. [C, usually sing.] 对某局势（或应对此局势的方式）的态度:
n. [U, C]（坐或站立的）姿势:
vi. [正式] ~ (as sth) 故作姿态、装样子（以给别人留下印象或愚弄别人）:
posture |[ˈpɒstʃə(r);美ˈpɑ:s-]
The government has adopted an aggressive posture on immigration. 政府对移民入境采取了强硬的态度。
The military machine is ready to change its defensive posture to one prepared for action. 军方随时准备由防御立场转向备战立场。
None of the banks changed their posture on the deal as a result of the inquiry. 没有一家银行因为这次调查而对该交易改变立场。
military posture 军事立场 
to adopt a threatening posture towards an opponent 对对手采取威胁的态度
comfortable, relaxed posture 舒适的姿势；轻松的姿势 
upright, sitting, supine postures 直立的姿势；坐着的姿势；仰卧的姿势 
Good posture is essential when working at the computer. 用电脑工作时良好的姿势极其重要。
Back pains can be the result of bad posture. 腰背疼可能是不良姿势造成的。
You can make your stomach look flatter instantly by improving your posture. 通过采取更好的坐姿，你的腹部马上就会看起来平坦一些。
Exercise, fresh air, and good posture are all helpful. 锻炼、新鲜空气和好的坐立姿势都很有益。
body posture 体态 
yoga posture 瑜伽姿势 
She has very good posture. 她仪态很优雅。
He gulped as he struggled to regain his posture.（regain尤为美式用法）他一饮而尽，挣扎着要恢复先前的姿势。
He sat in a posture of absolute respect. 他毕恭毕敬地坐着。
a poor posture for driving 不良的驾驶姿势
She says the President may just be posturing. 她说总统也许只是在做样子而已。

vt. 再次使用相同的想法、方法、玩笑等:
vt. 再次使用相同的想法、方法、玩笑等:
vt. 对事物的回收利用、再利用:
recycle |[͵ri:'saɪkl]
to recycle the idea 再次使用那个点子 
to recycle his arguments 重复他的论点
to recycle the idea 再次使用那个点子 
to recycle his arguments 重复他的论点
to recycle domestic waste 回收利用生活垃圾 
recycled paper 再生纸 
These materials are recycled into other packaging products. 这些材料被回收后制成其他包装产品。
The packaging can be recycled. 包装可以回收。
recycled waste, recycled materials 回收的废物；循环使用的材料

vt. expose sb to sth 通过给予某人某种经验、体验或向其展示某事物像什么（或是怎样的）而让其发现出…，如使体验:
vt. 1 显露、暴露或露出（通常隐藏的东西），相当于reveal:
2 揭露（人或形势的真实情况）以展示出其缺点、不道德或违法等:
vt. expose sb/sth/yourself (to sth) 使…处于有害或令人不快的地方或情形中（且使其不受保护）:
vt. expose sb/sth/yourself (to sth) 使…处于有害或令人不快的地方或情形中（且使其不受保护）:
vt.（照相机胶片）曝光（拍照时让光射到胶片上）:
expose |[ɪk'spəʊz]
We want to expose the kids to as much art and culture as possible. 我们想让孩子们受到尽可能多的艺术和文化熏陶。
to expose a set of amazingly white teeth 露出一口洁白的牙齿 
These drawings must not be exposed to the air. 这些画一定不能暴露在空气中。
Miles of sand are exposed at low tide. 在低潮时数英里的沙滩就会显现出来。
My job as a journalist is to expose the truth. 我作为记者的职责就是揭露事实。
a report which clearly exposes the weakness of the government’s economic policy 使政府经济政策的弱点暴露无遗的一份报告 
She has been exposed as a fraud. 她骗子的真面目被揭露出来。
He did not want to expose his fears and insecurity to anyone. 他不想向任何人显露他的恐惧与不安。
to expose yourself to ridicule 让自己受到嘲笑 
Do not expose babies to strong sunlight. 不要让婴孩受到强烈的阳光照射。
The general public is constantly exposed to radiation. 民众无时无刻不受到辐射的危害。
Do not expose babies to strong sunlight. 不要让婴儿受到强烈的阳光照射。

n. [U] [正式]（对某事物本质的）洞察力、悟性:
n. [U, C] [正式] ~ (that…) 看法、见解:
n. [U] [术语]（尤指感官产生的）知觉、感知，且尤指视觉感知:
perception |[pəˈsepʃn;美pərˈs-]
She showed great perception in her assessment of the family situation. 她对家庭状况的分析显示出敏锐的洞察力。
It did not require a great deal of perception to realise the interview was over. 并不需要多少洞察力也能意识到面试已经结束了。
a campaign to change public perception of the police 改变警察公众形象的运动 
a marketing strategy to overcome negative public perception of the company 一种消除公众对该公司负面看法的营销策略 
These developments hardly affected the public perception of the crisis. 进展情况几乎没有影响公众对危机的看法。
There is a general public perception that standards in schools are falling. 公众普遍认为，学校的水平都在下降。
He is interested in how our perceptions of death affect the way we live. 他感兴趣的是我们对死亡的看法如何影响我们的生活。
their perception of foreigners 他们对外国人的印象 
The book explored the changing perceptions about gender. 这本书探讨了不断变化的对性别的看法。
I was shocked to learn of the perception people have of me. 得知人们对我的看法我很震惊。
Your brand name should create a distinctive perception in the customer's mind. 你的品牌名称应该在顾客心中建立起一种与众不同的形象。
Movies have shaped our perception of many historical events. 电影左右了我们对许多历史事件的看法。
The computer changes our perceptions of place and time. 计算机改变了我们的时空观。
This study dispels the perception that men are better drivers. 这项研究消除了人们认为男人驾车水平更高的看法。
This film challenges traditional perceptions of older people. 这部电影挑战了老年人的传统观念。
The survey reflects the perceptions of business people around the world. 该调查反映了世界各地商界人士的看法。
our perception of reality 我们对现实的感知 
heightened perception caused by drugs 吸食毒品后产生的飘飘然的感觉 
He has a heightented perception that causes him to hear voices from another world. 他有一种升仙了的感觉，使他听到了来自另一个世界的声音。
The company wanted to boost the overall perception of the brand. 该公司希望提升品牌的整体认知度。
consumer perception 消费者的认知 
culture perception 文化认知 
subjective perception 主观认知 
auditory, extrasensory, sense, sensory, visual perception 听觉；超感知觉；感觉；感官知觉；视觉 
hazard（英）, risk（尤美）, threat（美）perception 对危险的感知；对风险的感知；对威胁的感知 
If we improve drivers' hazard perception, road deaths will fall. 如果我们提高司机们感知危险的能力，交通死亡人数就会下降。
cultural differences in risk perception between European students and their American counterparts 欧洲学生和美国学生之间在风险认知方面的文化差异 
