repatriate					遣返
parachute					降落伞
dam						水坝
warden				管理员
pursuit				追逐，爱好
catch									捕获，抓住，使意外，察觉，击中
plot						小块土地，密谋，情节，绘制
reverse							相反情况，失败，相反的，倒档
purity				纯净，纯洁
statistics						统计数字
tenable				站得住脚的，可保持的
tangible				可触摸的，明显的
dismiss					对...不予考虑，彻底忘掉，解雇
invoice				发票
nutrition					营养的供给
gaunt					憔悴的，荒凉的
defendant				被告
fluctuate					波动，摇摆不定
enhance						提高，改善，增加
terrific				巨大的，可怕的，很棒的
display				陈列，展品，表演，显示
symphony							交响乐，和谐
tonic					使精神振奋的东西，滋补的
tissue							生物组织，纸巾
tuition						讲授，学费
journal				期刊，日报，日记
kernel				仁，籽，核心
thumb					拇指
prospectus				简介
diagnose				诊断
\\\\\\\\

vt. 将某人送（或带）回国，如遣送、遣返:
vt. [商业] 将钱或利润送（或寄）回本国:
repatriate |[ˌri:ˈpætrieɪt;美-ˈpeɪt-]
The refugees were forcibly repatriated. 难民被强制遣送回国。
It was not the policy of the government to repatriate genuine refugees. 遣返真正的难民回国并非政府的政策。
About 300 French hostages are to be repatriated. 大约300名法国人质即将被遣送回国。
The illegal immigrants were forcibly repatriated from the United States to Mexico. 非法移民被强行从美国遣返回墨西哥。
Foreign investors are to be allowed to repatriate profits over one billion rupees. 外国投资者将被允许将利润额超过10亿卢比的部分调回国内。

vt.&vi.（使）空降（指突然从外部调入某个组织机构）:
n. [C]（也可用非正式的chute）（用以投放人员或物品的）降落伞:
vt.&vi.（使）跳伞:
parachute |[ˈpærəʃu:t]
a consultant who parachutes into corporations and helps provide strategic thinking 空降到公司协助制定战略思想的顾问 
There was intense speculation 18 months ago that the former foreign secretary might be parachuted into the Scottish Parliament. 18个月前，人们普遍猜测前外交大臣可能会空降至苏格兰议会。
a parachute regiment 空降兵团 
They fell 41,000 ft. before opening their parachutes. 他们下降了41,000英尺后才拉开伞。
UN troops could be landed by helicopter or even by parachute. 联合国部队可以乘直升机着陆，甚至可以伞降。
parachute drop, parachute jump 空投；跳伞
He made his first parachute jump at the age of seventy. 他在七十岁时首次跳伞。
parachute instructor（尤英）跳伞教练 
Supplies were dropped by parachute. 补给通过降落伞空投下来。
Planes dropped supplies by parachute. 飞机用降落伞空投补给。
The pilot was able to parachute to safety. 飞行员得以跳伞脱险。
She regularly goes parachuting. 她经常去从事跳伞活动。
He was a courier for the Polish underground and parachuted into Warsaw. 他是波兰地下组织的情报员，被空降到华沙。
He was parachuted in. 他空降进入。

n. [C] 河流或水库等的水坝:
dam |[dæm]
the Aswan High Dam 阿斯旺水坝 
hydroelectric dam 水电坝 
The dam holds back the water. 大坝把水挡住。
The dam burst and the valley was flooded. 水坝决口，山谷被淹了。
I began to cry--it was as if a dam had broken inside me.（比喻用法，尤美）我哭了起来——泪水像决堤一样。

n. [C] 用于头衔，指英国一些学院和大型机构的负责人，如学院院长、协会会长、机构主管:
n. 1 [C] 对某地负有看管责任的一个人（以确保人们遵守此地的规矩）:
2 [C] [尤美] 监狱长:
n. [C] 用于头衔，指英国一些学院的负责人，如学院院长:
warden |[ˈwɔ:dn;美ˈwɔ:rdn]
the Warden of Wadham College, Oxford 牛津大学沃德姆学院院长
a forest warden 护林员 
game warden（野生动物保护区的）看守人 
He is chief game warden of the Masai Mara game reserve in Kenya. 他是肯尼亚马萨伊马拉动物保护区的管理处主任。
Game wardens were appointed to enforce hunting laws in New Hampshire. 狩猎监督官被派到新罕布什尔州去执行狩猎法令。
He was a warden at the local parish church. 他是当地教堂的管理员。
church warden（通常用churchwarden）（尤英）教堂执事 
the warden of a youth hostel（英式英语）青年旅舍的管理员 
park warden（尤英）停车场管理员 
parking warden（尤英）停车管理员 
community, neighbourhood, street warden（均英）社区管理员；街道管理员 
Two neighbourhood wardens patrol the housing estate. 两位社区管理员巡视住宅区。
traffic warden（尤英）交通管理员 
dog warden（英）流浪狗管理员 
prison warden（尤美）监狱长 
A new warden took over the prison. 一位新的监狱长接管了这所监狱。
the Warden of Wadham College, Oxford 牛津大学沃德姆学院院长

n. [C, usually pl.]（让人花费时间和精力的）爱好、消遣:
n. [U] ~ of sth 对某事物的追求、追寻:
n. [U] 对某人的跟随或追赶:
n. [U]（活动、计划等的）实行、贯彻、实施:
n. [sing.]（自行车赛和滑冰竞赛中的）追逐赛:
n. [U] 对某人的跟随或追赶:
pursuit |[pəˈsju:t;美pərˈsu:t]
leisure, recreational pursuits 休闲活动；娱乐活动 
individual pursuits 个人的消遣 
academic, artistic, cultural, educational, intellectual, scholarly, spiritual pursuits 学术活动；艺术活动；文化活动；教育活动；知识的追求；心灵方面的追求 
country（英）, outdoor, sporting（英）pursuits 乡村活动；户外活动；体育活动 
sexual pursuits（尤美）性活动 
They both love outdoor pursuits. 他们俩都喜欢户外活动。
She has time now to follow her various artistic pursuits. 她现在有时间从事各种艺术活动了。
His favourite childhood pursuits were sailing, swimming and cycling. 他儿时最大的爱好是帆船运动、游泳和骑自行车。
the pursuit of happiness, the pursuit of knowledge, the pursuit of truth, the pursuit of profit 对幸福的追求；对知识的追求；对真理的追求；对利润的追求 
the endless pursuit of wealth 对财富无止境的追求 
He is engaged in the ruthless pursuit of pleasure. 他整天只顾着追求享受。
individuals who impoverish their families in pursuit of some dream 为了追求某个梦想而使家庭陷于贫困的人 
She travelled the world in pursuit of her dreams. 她走遍天下，追寻她的梦想。
He devoted his waking hours to the single-minded pursuit of his goal. 他除了睡觉外，其他时间都一心一意追求自己的目标。
a young man whose relentless pursuit of excellence is conducted with single-minded determination 一心一意、坚定不移地追求完美的年轻人 
people leaving their homes in pursuit of work 为寻求工作而离开家园的人
police pursuit 警方的追捕 
to give pursuit（正式）追赶 
The police gave pursuit. 警察开始追赶。
We drove away with two police cars in pursuit (= following). 我们驾车离开，后面有两辆警车跟着追赶。
a police officer who drove a patrol car at more than 120mph in pursuit of a motor cycle 以超过每小时120英里的时速驾驶巡逻车追赶一辆摩托车的警官 
Two boys ran past with a security guard in pursuit. 两个男孩跑过，保安在后面追赶。
The guard set off in pursuit of the thief. 保安开始追赶小偷。
I galloped off on my horse with Rosie in hot pursuit (= following quickly behind). 我纵马而去，罗西紧追不舍。
I rushed through with Sue in hot pursuit. 我冲了过去，苏在后面穷追不舍。
Away ran the fox, with the hunters in hot pursuit. 狐狸跑了，猎人紧追不舍。
The vigorous pursuit of policies is no guarantee of success. 坚决贯彻方针政策并不能保证成功。           
Moreau took gold in the five-kilometre individual pursuit competition. 莫罗在个人五公里追逐赛中获得金牌。
police pursuit 警方的追捕 
to give pursuit（正式）追赶 
The police gave pursuit. 警察开始追赶。
We drove away with two police cars in pursuit (= following). 我们驾车离开，后面有两辆警车跟着追赶。
a police officer who drove a patrol car at more than 120mph in pursuit of a motor cycle 以超过每小时120英里的时速驾驶巡逻车追赶一辆摩托车的警官 
Two boys ran past with a security guard in pursuit. 两个男孩跑过，保安在后面追赶。
The guard set off in pursuit of the thief. 保安开始追赶小偷。

vt. catch sb’s interest, imagination, attention, etc. 引起（某人的兴趣、注意等），激发（某人的想象等）。是一个简单用词（需要与interest共同使用，才可共同表示“引起某人的兴趣”）:
n. [sing.] [旧时]（所看中的适合于结婚或雇佣等的）对象:
vt. 1 及时（做某事），如及时与…交谈等:
2 及时赶上（公交、火车、飞机、船等交通工具）:
3 [尤英，非正式] 看见或听见…；出席或参加…:
vt. 1 听见…:
2 听（电视或广播节目，或一次事件）:
vt. 1 发现某人正在做某事（尤指坏事）:
2 看（电视或广播节目，或一次事件）:
3 [尤英，非正式] 看见…:
vt. 1（尤指用手）阻止并握住一个移动中的物体，即接住，截住，拦住等。表示一个瞬间的动作:
2 接（落下的液体）:
3 抓住或握住某人或某事物:
to catch hold of her arm 抓住她的手臂 4 捉住（试图或将要逃跑的人或动物）:
n. 1 [C] 接（球等）:
2 [U] 两个儿童之间所进行的传接球游戏:
vt. 指某事物受到光的照射（或光照射到某事物上）而使该事物将光反射出去，显得明亮耀眼:
n. [C]门窗、容器等上面用于扎、扣、拴、系等的装置:
vt.＆vi. catch (sth) (in/on sth) 缠住、绊住、夹住等（或被缠住、绊住、夹住等）:
n. [C] 被捕获的某事物的数量:
vt. 准确逼真地显示或描绘，相当于capture:
vt. 领会…:
vt. 击中…:
vt.＆vi. 开始燃烧，着火。此义与light无明显区别，但作为及物动词，light更常用，作为不及物动词，catch更常用:
vt. 染上（疾病），患（病）。是此义的常规用词，较为常用:
vt. [非正式] 被太阳晒黑、晒红或晒成棕色:
n. [C] 门窗上面用于扎、扣、拴、系等的装置:
vt. 突然意外地发生（而将某人置于困境）:
vt. 短暂注意到，即觉察，瞥见:
vt. 在catch yourself doing sth 结构中，catch表示突然意识到自己正在做某事（尤指令人吃惊的事）:
n. [C, usually sing.] 暗藏的不利因素:
n. [C, usually sing.] 隐藏的困难或问题:
vt. 常用被动式，表示不知道该选那一边，即左右为难:
catch |[kætʃ][kætʃ]
to catch my interest 引起我的兴趣
I caught him just as he was leaving the building. 他正要离开大楼时，我追上了他。
The illness can be treated provided it’s caught early enough. 此病若及早发现，是可以医治的。
I dialled her number thinking I might catch her before she left for work. 我拨了她的电话号码，心想我或许能赶在她动身上班前和她取得联系。
I have a train to catch. 我要赶火车。
to catch a movie 赶上一场电影
to catch a faint cry 听到微弱的哭声 
Sorry，I didn’t quite catch your name. 抱歉，我没听清你的名字。
I turned on the radio to catch the local news. 我打开收音机收听地方新闻。
He caught a youth breaking into a car. 他撞见一个青年正在撬一辆车。
You wouldn’t catch me working on a Sunday! 你绝不会看到我在星期日工作！
to catch the flying ball 接住飞来的球 
to catch the falling book 接住跌落的书 
to catch the drips 接水滴 
to catch a mouse 捉老鼠 
to catch fish 捕鱼 
The suspect was never caught. 该嫌疑犯一直未抓到。
to make a catch 接球 
diving, one-handed, running catch 鱼跃接球；单手接球；跑动接球 
He made some brilliant catches at today’s game. 他在今天的比赛中接了几个漂亮球。
The guns caught the light of the moon. 那些枪在月光下闪闪发光。 
door, window catch 门闩；窗钩 
the catch of her bag 她提包的锁扣 
the safety catch on a gun 枪上的保险栓
My trousers caught on a nail. 我的裤子被钉子钩住了。
He caught his forefinger in the door. 他的食指被门夹住了。
His ankle caught on a root. 他的脚踝绊到一个树根上。
a huge catch of fish 捕获大量的鱼 
Catches fell because of the new dam. 新水坝的修建使捕鱼量下降。
to catch her smile 惟妙惟肖地描绘她的笑容
A stone caught him on his head. 一个石块击中他的头部。
I caught him a blow on the chin. 我一击打在他的下巴上。
to catch fire 着火 
The wet wood won’t catch. 这根湿木头烧不着。
to catch measles 染上麻疹 
to catch a cold 患上感冒
I caught the sun. 我被太阳晒黑了。
door, window catch 门闩；窗钩
I got caught in a thunderstorm. 我遇上了雷雨。
His arrival caught me by surprise. 他的到来让我感到意外。
I caught the puzzled look on her face. 我撇到她一脸茫然的神情。
I caught a sight of a cottage in the distance. 我瞥见远处有一个村舍。
I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror. 我看了一眼镜子中的自己。
He caught a whiff of her perfume. 他闻到一股她身上的香水味。
I caught myself feeling almost sorry for the poor beggar. 我突然发觉自己几乎是在为那个可怜的乞丐感到难过了。
All that money for two hour’s work--what’s the catch? 干了两个小时的活儿就给这些钱，这里面有什么鬼？
The catch is that ...（隐藏的）问题在于…
The leader is caught between both sides in the dispute. 这位元首夹在争执双方之间左右为难。

vt. 用图表或计划来展示…的发展方式（或暗示其发展方向）:
vt. 制定策略或行动方案、步骤:
n. [C] plot (to do sth) 一群人所策划出的一个非法的或干坏事的秘密计划（该计划常针对某人或某个政府），即阴谋:
vt.＆vi. plot (with sb) (against sb) 制定一个秘密计划以伤害某人（尤指针对政府或其领导人）。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
vt.（为小说、戏剧等）写情节，设计故事情节，即布局:
n. [C, U]（小说、戏剧、电影、电视剧等的）故事情节。是此义的常规用词:
n. [C] 用于或旨在用于某个特殊目的（例如建房子或种植蔬菜）的一小块土地:
vt.＆vi. 划分土地，或把土地划分成小块:
vt. plot sth (on sth) 在地图上画出或标出（例如标出飞机或船的位置或航向）:
n. [C, U]（小说的）故事情节。是此义的常规用词:
vt.（为小说、戏剧等）写情节，设计故事情节，即布局:
vt. 1 plot sth (on sth) 利用一些信息来绘制图表:
2 plot sth (on sth) 在曲线图上画出若干个点，然后用线将这些点连接起来:
plot |[plɒt]
Greenhouse temperature can be plotted against plant growth. 可以用图表显示温室的温度相对于植物生长的情况。
to plot a survival strategy for the party 制定该党的生存策略 
to plot a course of action 制定行动方案
evil plot 邪恶的阴谋 
coup, murder plot 政变阴谋；谋杀阴谋 
a plot by terrorists to assassinate the president 一起恐怖分子暗杀总统的阴谋 
to plot to overthrow the emperor 密谋推翻皇帝 
The military plotted a coup. 军方策划了一场政变。
The killings were carefully plotted. 谋杀是精心策划的。
a tightly-plotted thriller 情节丝丝入扣的惊险小说
to tell him the plot of the film 向他讲述电影的情节 
The book is well organized in terms of plot. 这本书的故事情节布局很不错。
plot development 情节的发展
to buy a small plot of land and build a house on it 买一小块地，在上面盖一所房子 
garden, vegetable plot 花圃；菜地 
farm plot 小块农业用地 
building plot（尤英）小片建筑用地 
burial plot 墓地 
a five-acre plot of land 一块五英亩的土地 
family, private plot 家庭用地；私人用地 
a plot measuring 10 m by 20 m 一块长20米、宽10米的土地 
to plot the course of the submarine 标出那艘潜艇的航线 
The earthquake centres had been plotted on a world map. 地震的震中位置均被标注在一张世界地图上。
The book is well organized in terms of plot. 这本书的故事情节布局很严谨。
a tightly-plotted thriller 情节丝丝入扣的惊险小说
We carefully plotted each patient’s response to the drug on a chart. 我们仔细绘制出了每个病人对这种药物的反应的图表。
We plotted about eight points on the graph. 我们在图表上绘出了大约有八个点的曲线。

vt. [美] ~ yourself (on sth) 承认错误:
vt. [美] ~ yourself (on sth)（在争论中）放弃立场:
n. [C] [正式] 损失；失败；（从成功到失败的）倒退:
vt. 撤销，废除（决定、法律等）:
vt. 交换、对调（位置或功能、角色）:
vt. [英] ~ (the) charges 打对方付费的电话:
vt.（趋势、过程等）逆转、转变到对立面:
vt. 使物体反转；使次序颠倒:
adj. 1 相反的:
2 与正面相反的，即背面的、反面的:
n. 1 [sing.] the reverse可指相反的情况（或事物）:
2 [sing.] the reverse可指（硬币、材料、纸张等的）背面、后面、反面:
3 [sing.] in reverse 反向；逆序:
4 [sing.] go/put sth into reverse（使）出现逆转，转化为对立面:
vt.&vi. [尤英]（使）车辆倒退行驶，即倒车:
n. [U]（也可用reverse gear）倒挡；倒车:
reverse |[rɪˈvɜ:s;美rɪˈvɜ:rs]
He has reversed himself on a dozen issues. 他已经不再坚持自己在一系列问题上的立场。
Property values have suffered another reverse. 房地产价值再次遭受损失。
a damaging political reverse 具有破坏性的政治倒退 
It's clear that the party of the former Prime Minister has suffered a major reverse. 显然，前首相所在党派遭受了重大的挫折。
Their forces have suffered serious reverses in recent months. 他们的部队在最近几个月里严重受挫。
The Court of Appeal reversed the decision. 上诉法庭撤销了这项裁决。
They have made it clear they will not reverse the decision to increase prices. 他们已经明确表示不会撤销提价的决定。                      
It felt as if we had reversed our roles of parent and child. 感觉就像我们父母和孩子交换了角色。
She used to work for me, but our situations are now reversed. 过去她为我工作，而现在我们的地位对调了。
He reversed the position of the two stamps. 他将两枚邮票的位置调换了一下。
I want to reverse the charges, please. 劳驾，我想打一个由受话人付费的电话。
to reverse a procedure, to reverse a process, to reverse a trend 彻底改变程序；扭转过程；扭转趋势 
The government has failed to reverse the economic decline. 政府未能扭转经济滑坡的趋势。
The decline in this industry has now been completely reversed. 这个行业现在已经完全扭转了昔日的衰退局面。
It is sometimes possible to arrest or reverse the disease. 有时可以阻止病情发展或使病情彻底好转。
The rise, the first in 10 months, reversed the downward trend in Belgium's jobless rate. 10个月来失业率的首次上升逆转了比利时失业率持续下降的趋势。
Writing is reversed in a mirror. 镜子里的字是反的。
You should reverse the order of these pages. 你该把这几页的顺序颠倒过来。
In the squares place a penny, nickel, dime and quarter in that order. The object is to reverse the order of these coins. 在这些方块中按顺序放置1分、5分、10分和25分的硬币各一枚。目标是颠倒这些硬币的顺序。
The normal word order is reversed in passive sentences. 正常词序在被动句中是颠倒的。
To solve the puzzle, simply reverse the order of the numbers. 要解开这个谜，只要颠倒数字的顺序即可。
to travel in the reverse direction 向相反方向行进 
The winners were announced in reverse order (= the person in the lowest place was announced first). 获胜者是按逆序宣布的。
The experiment had the reverse effect to what was intended. 实验的结果与原来的意图相反。
The wrong attitude will have exactly the reverse effect. 错误的态度会产生完全相反的效果。
Iron the garment on the reverse side. 这件衣服要从反面熨。
This problem is the reverse of the previous one. 这个问题和上一个问题相反。
Although I expected to enjoy living in the country, in fact the reverse is true. 尽管我原以为会喜欢乡村生活，但实际情况正好相反。
In the south, the reverse applies. 在南方，情况相反。
It wasn't easy to persuade her to come--quite the reverse. 说服她过来不容易——实在太难了。
There is absolutely no evidence at all that spectators want longer cricket matches. Quite the reverse. 完全没有证据表明观众想看时间更长的板球比赛。情况恰恰相反。
This would lead one to expect a fat, dense and detailed autobiography. The reverse is true. The book is short and spare. 这会让人以为是一本内容晦涩而详尽的大部头自传。但正好相反，这本书简短明了。
If you tell children to do something, they will often do the exact reverse. 告诉孩子要做什么事，他们往往会反着干。
The coin has a date on one side and the emperor's head on the reverse. 硬币的一面是日期，另一面是君主的头像。
Cheques should be made payable to Country Living and your address written on the reverse. 支票抬头必须写“《乡村生活》杂志”，你的地址应写在背面。
The secret number is my phone number in reverse. 这个密码是我的电话号码的逆序排列。
We did a similar trip to you, but in reverse. 我们走了和你相似的旅程，但方向相反。
In 2002 economic growth went into reverse. 2002年，经济增长发生了逆转。
The downward trend went into reverse and the scores started to creep up again. 比分下降的趋势发生逆转，分数又开始逐渐上升了。
Now reverse the car. 现在倒车。
Another car reversed out of the drive. 另一辆车倒出了车道。
He reversed and drove away. 他把车倒出来，开走了。
He reversed around the corner. 他倒车转过拐角。
She reversed into a parking space. 她将车倒着开进停车位。
Caution! This truck is reversing. 小心！卡车在倒车。
She slowly reversed up the narrow driveway. 她慢慢地顺着狭窄的车道往回倒车。
She slowly reversed the van up the narrow driveway.（英）她慢慢地将小货车顺着狭窄的车道往回倒。
The car reversed into a hedge. 汽车倒进树篱里。
He reversed slowly out of the garage. 他慢慢地从车库倒了出来。
He reversed the car slowly out of the garage.（英）他慢慢地把车从车库倒了出来。
Put the car in/into reverse. 把汽车挂上倒挡。
He lurched the car in reverse along the ruts to the access road. 他顺着车辙摇摇晃晃地将车倒到了支路上。
reverse gear 倒挡

n. [U] 纯净:
n. [U] 纯洁:
n. [U] 血统的纯正:
n. [U] 纯粹:
purity |[ˈpjʊərəti;美ˈpjʊr-]
The purity of the water is tested regularly. 水的纯度定期检测。
high-purity silver 高纯度的银
spiritual purity 心灵纯洁 
She has a purity of heart that inspires others. 她的心灵纯洁，能感召他人 
the absolute purity of her love 她的爱的绝对纯洁 
moral, sexual purity 道德的无瑕；性纯洁 
He struggled to preserve his ideological purity. 他努力保持自己意识形态的纯洁。
racial purity 种族的纯正 
Hitler's belief in the purity of blood of the German people 希持勒对日耳曼民族纯正血统的信仰
He struggled to preserve his ideological purity. 他努力保持自己意识形态的纯洁。
a classical purity of form 外形的古典纯粹 
the building's unadorned purity of style 建筑物的纯朴风格。

n. [U] statistics 可表示统计学:
statistics |[stə'tɪstɪks]
a course in statistics 一门统计学课程

If you say that an argument, point of view, or situation is tenable, you believe that it is reasonable and could be successfully defended against criticism. 合理的; 讲得通的
tenable |英 ['tenəb(ə)l]  | adj. （主张等）站得住脚的；可维持的/
This argument is simply not tenable.这种论点简直一点道理也没有。


adj. 1 [常用于名词前] 可被清晰地看到的，即有形的:
2 可触知的、可感知的:
tangible |[ˈtændʒəbl]
tangible assets (= a company's buildings, machinery, etc.) 有形资产 
tangible benefits, tangible improvements, tangible results 实际的好处；实际的改进；实际的效果 
There should be some tangible evidence that the economy is starting to recover. 应该有明显迹象表明经济开始复苏了。
The tension between them was almost tangible. 他们之间的紧张关系几乎让人都感觉得出来。
The relief was almost tangible. 这种解脱几乎可以感觉得到。

vt. dismiss sb (from sth) 正式解除某人的职位，即解雇，免职。当一个人被dismiss的时候，通常有合理的理由，且需要走正常的人事流程，词义色彩上也比较温和而中立，比较常用。常用被动式:
vt. 把某人打发走，或让其离开:
vt. dismiss sb/sth (as sth) 认为…不重要且不值得考虑（或不值一提），相当于wave aside:
vt. dismiss sth (from sth) 将思想、想法或感情从头脑中去除:
vt. 驳回（或不受理）法律案件，通常由于证据不足:
dismiss |[dɪs'mɪs]
She claims she was unfairly dismissed from her post. 她声称自己被无理解雇。
At 12 o’clock the class was dismissed. 12点下课了。
to dismiss his objection 对他的异议不予理会 
Children’s fears should never be dismissed lightly. 对于儿童的恐惧千万别不当回事儿。
She dismissed their arguments as irrelevant. 她认为他们的论据毫不相关而不予考虑。
Dismissing her fears, she climbed higher. 她排除了恐惧，爬得更高了。
He dismissed her from his mind. 他挥去了对她的思念。
to dismiss the idea from mind 把想法从头脑中清除
The case was dismissed. 此案已被驳回。

n. [C] 发票；（发货或服务的）费用清单:
~ sth (to sb/sth) [商业] 开发票（或费用清单）；发出发票（或费用清单）:
invoice |[ˈɪnvɔɪs]
outstanding, unpaid invoice 未偿付票据；未付讫票据 
paid invoice 付讫票据 
original invoice（尤英）原始发票 
final invoice（尤英）最终发货单 
Please pay the final invoice within two weeks. 请在两个星期内支付最终发货单所示款项。
VAT invoice（英）增值税发票 
bogus（尤英）, fake（尤美）, false（尤英） invoice 伪造的发票；虚假的发票 
a handwritten invoice for £1 352 一张金额为1,352英镑的手写发票 
The seller has to issue a tax invoice. 销售方必须开具税务发票。
invoice price, invoice value（英）发票价格；发票金额 
The shipping costs can be as high as 50% of the invoice value of the goods. 运费最高可达货物发票金额的50%。
We will then send you an invoice for the total course fees. 然后我们会把全部课程费用的发票寄给你。
His £200 invoice was settled immediately in cash. 他立即以现金付清了 200 英镑的货款。
vt. ~ sb (for sth) 
You will be invoiced for these items at the end of the month. 你将于月底收到这些项目的费用清单。
Invoice the goods to my account. 请把货品的发票开到我的账上。
The agency invoices the client. 代理处为客户开具发票。

n. [U] 生物吸收营养的过程:
nutrition |[nju:'trɪʃn]
sources of nutrition 营养来源 
adequate nutrition 足够的营养 
human nutrition 人体营养 
nutrition facts, nutrition information 营养成分表 
nutrition consultant 营养师 
nutrition research 营养研究 

If you describe a building as gaunt, you mean it is very plain and unattractive. (建筑物) 不起眼的
If someone looks gaunt, they look very thin, usually because they have been very ill or worried. 憔悴的
gaunt |英/美 [gɔːnt]| adj. 憔悴的；荒凉的；枯瘦的/n. (Gaunt)人名；(英)冈特/
Above on the hillside was a large, gaunt, grey house.山坡上有一座巨大的、不起眼的灰房子。
Looking gaunt and tired, he denied there was anything to worry about.他看上去憔悴而又疲劳，却否认有烦心事。


n. [C] [法律] 被告人:
defendant |[dɪˈfendənt]
criminal defendant 刑事被告人 
convicted, guilty defendant（被判）有罪的被告 
The defendant was charged with disturbing the peace. 被告被控扰乱治安。
a defendant being sued by an insurance company 被一家保险公司起诉的被告 
The defendant was convicted of murder. 被告被判犯有谋杀罪。
The jury found the defendant guilty on all counts.陪审团裁定被告所有罪名成立。
The defendant was sentenced to three years in prison. 被告被判入狱三年。
the plaintiffs claim against the defendant 原告向被告索赔 
Several witnesses gave evidence for the defendant. 几名证人提供了有利于被告的证词。
a defendant in bankruptcy proceedings 破产诉讼案的被告

vi. ~ (between A and B) 尺寸、规模、数量、质量等经常性变化，尤指在两个极端之间变化，即波动、起伏。相当于vary:
fluctuate |[ˈflʌktʃueɪt]
The number of boys at the school fluctuates around 100. 学习的男生人数维持在100名左右。
Prices have fluctuated wildly in recent years. 近几年物价剧烈波动。
During the crisis, oil prices fluctuated between $20 and $40 a barrel. 在危机时期，每桶石油价格在20元至40元之间波动。
the fluctuating price of oil 油价的浮动 
The number of unemployed fluctuates between two and three million. 失业人数在两百万到三百万之间波动。
Temperatures can fluctuate by as much as 10 degrees. 温差可达10度之多。
Body temperature can fluctuate if you are ill. 人患病后体温可能会上下波动。
My mood seems to fluctuate from day to day. 我的情绪似乎天天在变。
Traffic congestion fluctuates according to the time of day. 交通拥堵状况会随一天中时段的不同而变化。
constantly fluctuating patterns 长期波动的模式 
fortune fluctuate 命运起伏

vt. 加强、提高、增进（某人或某事物的好的品质、价值或地位）:
enhance |[ɪnˈhɑ:ns;美-ˈhæns]
to enhance confidence 加强信心 
to enhance credibility 提高信誉 
to enhance your employment prospects 让你的求职前景更好 
to enhance the cash flow 加强现金流 
to enhance performance of a machine 提高机器性能 
to enhance return 提高收益率 
to enhance appearance 加强外观 
to enhance the effect of the movie 加强电影效果 
to enhance the taste of the dish 加强菜的味道 
to enhance fitness 加强健康 
to enhance flexibility in teaching 加强教学中的灵活性 
to enhance impact 强化影响 
to enhance product quality 提高产品质量 
things that can significantly enhance the quality of your life 能极大提高你生活质量的东西 
reforms designed to enhance market efficiency 旨在提高市场效率的改革
This is an opportunity to enhance the reputation of the company. 这是提高公司声誉的机会。
the skilled use of make-up to enhance your best features 技巧地利用化妆以突出容貌的优点 
The superb sets are enhanced by his marvellous costumes. 他绝妙的服装为华丽的舞台增色不少。
The attractiveness of the book is much enhanced by his drawings. 他的图画极大地增强了这本书的吸引力。
The images have been digitally enhanced. 这些图像经过了数码处理，清晰多了。
Has he had his nose surgically enhanced? 他做了鼻子的整形吗？

Terrific means very great in amount, degree, or intensity. 巨大的
If you describe something or someone as terrific, you are very pleased with them or very impressed by them. 极好的
terrific |英 [tə'rɪfɪk]  美 [tə'rɪfɪk]| adj. 极好的；极其的，非常的；可怕的/
All of a sudden there was a terrific bang and a flash of smoke.忽然发出一声巨响，还冒出一股烟。
What a terrific idea!多好的主意啊！


vt. ~ sth (to sb) 把某事物放在人们容易看到的地方；把某事物展示给人们:
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 显示某事物（尤指一种品质或感情）的迹象:
n. 1 [C] 将某事物在公共场合展览或陈列（以供人欣赏或购买）:
2 [C]（为娱乐之目的）展示或表演一种技能或展示某事的发生过程:
3 [C] 通过行为来显示（某种品质、情感或能力）:
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 显示一种感情的迹象:
n. [C] 通过行为来显示（某种情感）:
n. [C]（为娱乐之目的）表演一种技能:
vi. [术语]（雄性的鸟兽）为求偶而做出炫耀行为:
n. [C] [术语]（雄性的鸟兽）为求偶而做出的炫耀行为:
n. [C] 计算机显示器:
vt. ~ sth (to sb)（计算机等）显示信息:
n. [C] 计算机屏幕上的显示、显像:
display |[dɪˈspleɪ]
The exhibition gives local artists an opportunity to display their work. 这次展览为当地艺术家提供了展示自己作品的机会。
The cabinets display seventeenth-century blue-and-white porcelain. 展柜中陈列着17世纪的青花瓷。
Among the protesters and war veterans proudly displaying their medals was Aubrey Rose. 在抗议者和骄傲地展示勋章的退伍老兵中，就有奥布里·罗斯。
His football trophies were prominently displayed in the kitchen. 他的足球奖杯陈列在厨房显眼的位置。
She proudly displayed her degree certificate to her parents. 她自豪地向父母展示了她获得的证书。
She displayed her bruises for all to see. 她将自己身上青一块紫一块的伤痕露出来给大家看。
She displayed her wound to the twelve gentlemen of the jury. 她给陪审团的 12 位男士看了她的伤口。
The chart can then display the links connecting these groups. 这张图就会显示出这些群体之间的关联。
These statistics display a definite trend. 这些统计数据表现出一种明显的趋势。
I have rarely seen her display any sign of emotion. 我难得见到她将喜怒形于色。
It was unlike Gordon to display his feelings. 戈登不太可能表露他的情感。
He has displayed remarkable courage in his efforts to reform the party. 在政党改革中，他表现出了非凡的勇气。
The jewels are normally kept on static display in the National Railway Museum. 博物馆里珠宝通常是在固定位置展出的。
The museum has a fine display of old medical instruments. 博物馆里有一个不错的古代医疗器械展。
We plan to mount a display of the children's work in the lobby area. 我们计划在门厅区展示孩子们的作品。
The birds were put on display at the zoological society. 这些鸟将在动物协会展出。
She was leaning against a display case of prints of Paris. 她正倚靠在一个展示巴黎照片的陈列柜上。
On display are necklaces and bracelets made from jade. 展品中有用玉做的项链和手镯。
a display of Roman coins 古罗马硬币展 
The display illustrates the traditional industries of the town. 这次展览展示了该镇的传统行业。
Designs for the new sports hall are on public display in the library. 新体育馆的设计方案正在图书馆公开展览。
audio-visual, visual display 视听展示；视觉展示 
interactive display 交互展示 
display area, display space 展区 
a display of your work 你的成果展示 
floral display（尤英）花卉陈列 
a beautiful floral display outside the Town Hall 市政厅外陈设的美丽的花 
There was a prominent display of her photographs in the living room. 客厅里醒目地挂着她的照片。
photographic display 图片展示 
in-store, wall, window 店内陈列；墙壁陈列；橱窗陈列 
museum display 博物馆陈列 
shop（尤英）, store（尤美）display 商店陈列 
display board, display cabinet（尤英）, display case 展板；陈列柜 
display rack, display shelf, display stand 陈列架；展台 
display window（尤美）橱窗 
the display windows of a department store 百货商店的橱窗 
a flamboyant display of footballing skills 足球技能的精彩展示 
The sun set in a pyrotechnic display that burnt up the whole western sky. 日落时呈现出焰火般绚烂的色彩，映红了整个天空。
a display of affection 爱的流露 
an open display of affection for her husband 她对丈夫感情的公开表达 
She slammed the door behind her in a display of ill-temper. 她砰的一声摔上门，火爆脾气显露无疑。
Despite his outward display of friendliness, I sensed he was concealing something. 尽管他表现得友善，我还是感觉到他有所隐瞒。
Members of the community closed ranks in an impressive display of unity. 社区成员携手合作，展现出的团结一致给人留下了深刻印象。
There may be specific events which trigger aggressive displays in your dog. 可能有某些特定事件会促使你的狗表现出敌意。
a display of strength 实力的展示 
an ostentatious display of wealth 炫富
I have rarely seen her display any sign of emotion. 我难得见到她将喜怒形于色。
It was unlike Gordon to display his feelings. 戈登不太可能表露他的情感。
a display of affection 爱的流露 
an open display of affection for her husband 她对丈夫感情的公开表达 
She slammed the door behind her in a display of ill-temper. 她砰的一声摔上门，火爆脾气显露无疑。
Despite his outward display of friendliness, I sensed he was concealing something. 尽管他表现得友善，我还是感觉到他有所隐瞒。
Members of the community closed ranks in an impressive display of unity. 社区成员携手合作，展现出的团结一致给人留下了深刻印象。
There may be specific events which trigger aggressive displays in your dog. 可能有某些特定事件会促使你的狗表现出敌意。
aerial, aerobatic, air, flying, parachute display 空中表演；特技飞行表演；飞行表演；跳伞表演 
They put on a spectacular firework display. 他们举办了场面壮观的烟花燃放活动。
gymnastic display 体操表演 
The crowd was treated to an impressive display of power tennis. 人们欣赏了一场令人惊叹的网球赛。
a display of guitar playing 吉他演奏 
They gave a virtuoso display of disco dancing. 他们表演了精彩的迪斯科舞蹈。          
courtship, mating, sexual display 示爱；求偶炫耀行为 
The male performs a magnificent courtship display. 雄性展示了出色的求偶炫耀行为。
a high resolution colour display 高分辨率彩色显示器 
computer, screen display 计算机显示器；屏幕显示器 
data, graphics display 数据显示器；图像显示器 
liquid crystal display 液晶显示器 
digital display 数字显示器 
display screen 显示器屏幕 
display screen equipment 显示器 
obscure error messages appearing on the display 显示器上出现的令人费解的错误信息
The screen will display the username in the top right-hand corner. 屏幕将在右上角显示用户名。
This column displays the title of the mail message. 这一栏显示邮件标题。
They started out by looking at the computer screens which display the images. 他们开始在显示那些图像的电脑屏幕上寻找。
Using the option to display only text speeds things up a lot. 选用纯文本显示可以使速度大幅提升。
A hard copy of the screen display can also be obtained from a printer. 屏幕上显示的内容也可以通过打印机打印一份。
display terminal, display unit 显示终端；显示单元 
display system 显示系统

n. [C] 交响乐；交响曲（由管弦乐队演奏，通常有三或四个乐章）:
symphony |['sɪmfənɪ]
Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony 贝多芬的第九交响曲 
symphony orchestra 交响乐团 
symphony concert 交响音乐会

n. [C, U] 护发液；护肤液:
n. [C, usually sing.] [旧时] 使人精神振奋的东西:
n. 1 [U, C] 奎宁水，汤力水（一种味微苦、常加于烈性酒中的有气饮料）:
2 [C]（尤指疲乏时服用的）补药、滋补药品:
n. [C] [音乐] 主音（自然音阶中的第一音）:
n. [C] [语音学]（也可用tonic syllable）语调音节，语调核心（区别音高变化的音节）:
tonic |[ˈtɒnɪk;美ˈtɑ:n-]
skin tonic 化妆水
The weekend break was just the tonic I needed. 周末休息正是我所需要的养精蓄锐的机会。
Seeing Marcus at that moment was a great tonic. 在那一刻见到马库斯是非常令人兴奋的事。
His generous offer was a tremendous tonic for our morale. 他的慷慨相助对我们的士气是种极大的激励。
a gin and tonic 一杯杜松子酒奎宁水 
Keeler sipped at his gin and tonic. 基勒小口抿着他加了奎宁水的杜松子酒。
low-calorie tonics 低热量的奎宁水 
herbal tonics 滋补草药 
Britons are spending twice as much on health tonics as they were five years ago. 英国人如今在健康补药上花的钱是五年前的两倍。
Ginseng is generally known for its tonic properties. 人参以其滋补功效而广为人知。

n. [C]（尤指用作手帕的）纸巾，面巾纸:
n. [U] 也可用tissue paper，指（用于包装易碎物品的）薄纸:
n. [U] 有时也用复数形式tissues，指（人、动植物细胞的）组织:
tissue |['tɪʃu:]
a box of tissues 一盒纸巾 
paper tissue 纸巾 
toilet tissue 卫生纸 
He wiped his nose on a tissue. 他用纸巾擦了擦鼻子。
a small package wrapped in tissue paper 一个小包裹，用薄棉纸包着
animal, human, plant tissue 动物组织；人体组织；植物组织 
body, brain, lung tissue 身体组织；脑组织；肺组织 
connective tissue 结缔组织 
soft tissue 软组织

n. [U]（也可用tuition fees[pl.]）[美]（尤指大专院校或私立学校的）学费:
n. [U] [正式] [尤英] ~ (in sth) 教学，尤指对个人或小组的教学、讲授:
tuition |[tjuˈɪʃn;美tu-]
college, university tuition 大学学费 
They pay full tuition. 他们支付全额学费。
He won't be able to finish his education unless someone pays his tuition. 除非有人帮他付学费，否则他将无法完成他的学业。
tuition rate（美）学费标准 
tuition hike, tuition increase（均美）学费上调；学费增加 
tuition assistance（美）学费资助 
The program includes about $5 000 in tuition assistance. 该计划包括约5，000美元的学费资助。
Angela's $7,000 tuition at University this year will be paid for with scholarships. 安杰拉将用奖学金支付今年 7,000 美元的大学学费。
individual, one-to-one, personal tuition 单独教授；一对一授课 
She received private tuition in French. 她由私人教授法语。
The courses will give the beginner personal tuition in all types of outdoor photography. 该课程将为初学者一对一地讲授各种户外摄影技巧。
The foreign students receive free tuition and accommodation. 外国学生免学费和住宿费。
advanced tuition 高水平的指导 
The students get expert tuition in small groups. 学生分小组接受专家的指导。
language, music tuition 语言的讲授；音乐的讲授 
the controversy over university tuition fees关于大学学费的争论 
She had become expert in Chinese cooking under the tuition of her aunt. 在姑妈的指导下，她已经是烹制中餐的能手。
tuition for beginners 教授初学者 
extra tuition for the exams 考前补习 
He is receiving tuition from a well-known artist. 他正得到一位著名艺术家的指导。
tuition in Italian 意大利语的讲授

n. [C] 日记、日志:
n. 1 [C]（某一学科或专业的）报纸，杂志等刊物:
2 [sing.] 日报，周报，常用于报刊名称:
journal |[ˈdʒɜ:nl;美ˈdʒɜ:rnl]
personal, private journal 个人日志 
She kept a daily journal of the voyage. 她每天写航海日志。
The Captain later published his journals. 船长后来发表了自己的日志。
journal entry日志的条目 
Her journal entry for that day describes a thunder storm. 她在那天的日志中描述了一场雷雨。
The events are all recorded in her journal. 那些事件都记录在她的日志里。
He wrote a journal of his travels. 他写了旅行日志。
Sara confided to her journal. 萨拉在日记中倾诉心事。
On the plane he wrote in his journal. 他在飞机上写日记。
academic, learned（尤英）, scholarly journal 学术刊物 
professional, technical, trade journal 专业期刊；技术期刊；行业期刊 
peer-reviewed, refereed（尤美）journal 同行评审的期刊；专家评审的期刊 
The results of the study were published in a respected peer-reviewed journal. 该研究的成果发表在一份颇有威望的同行评审期刊上。
house, in-house journal（均尤英）内部刊物 
the house journal of South-ern Gas 南方燃气公司的内部刊物 
specialist（尤英）, specialized（尤美）journal 专业杂志 
research journal 研究性刊物 
business, literary, medical, nursing, science, scientific journal 商业刊物；文学期刊；医学杂志；护理学刊物；科学杂志 
the British Medical Journal《英国医学杂志》
All our results are published in scientific journals. 我们的研究结果全都发表在科学刊物上了。
august, leading, major, prestigious, reputable, respected journal 权威杂志；一流杂志；主要杂志；著名杂志 
'Nature' was the highest-ranked journal in the survey.《自然》是此次调查中排名高居榜首的杂志。
The paper was published in an obscure medical journal. 这篇论文发表在一份鲜为人知的医学期刊上。
It's the official journal of the Medical Foundation. 那是医学基金会的官方刊物。
international, national journal 国际刊物；全国性刊物 
monthly, quarterly, weekly journal 月刊；季刊；周刊 
electronic, online journal 电子刊物；在线刊物 
Please send me two copies of your new journal. 请给我寄两本你们的新杂志。
an edition of journal 一版期刊 
an issue of journal 一期期刊 
a volume of journal 一卷期刊 
an academic who writes for specialist journals 为专业杂志撰稿的学者 
He founded a new literary journal in 1831. 他于1831年创办了一份新的文学刊物。
She subscribes to quite a few academic journals. 她订阅了好几种学术期刊。
The journal comes out five times a year. 该刊一年出版五期。
an academic journal devoted to military history 一份专门研究军事史的学术期刊 
journal article, journal editorial 刊物文章；刊物社论 
journal editor, journal publisher 刊物编辑；刊物出版人 
journal subscription 刊物订阅 
an article in a medical journal 医学期刊上的一篇文章 
the British Journal of Geology《英国地质学杂志》
the Wall Street Journal《华尔街日报》
He was a newspaperman for The New York Times and some other journals. 他是个记者，为《纽约时报》和其他一些报刊撰稿。

A kernel of something is a small element of it. 一小部分
The kernel of something is the central and most important part of it. 核心
kernel |英 ['kɜːn(ə)l]  美 ['kɝnl]| n. 核心，要点；[计] 内核；仁；麦粒，谷粒；精髓/
For all I know, there may be a kernel of truth in what he says.据我所知，他的话可能有一点儿道理。
The kernel of that message was that peace must not be a source of advantage or disadvantage for anyone.那一信息的核心是和平绝不应该成为对任何人有利或不利的根源。


vt.&vi. 用手指触摸某事物:
vt.&vi. 用手指移动某事物:
n. [C]（手套的）拇指部分:
n. [C]（手的）大拇指:
vt.&vi.（站在路边，伸出手拇指向上）向过往司机请求搭便车:
thumb |[θʌm]
She thumbed off the safety catch of her pistol. 她用拇指打开了手枪的保险栓。
There's a hole in the thumb. 手套的拇指上有个窟窿。
She still sucks her thumb when she's worried. 她在忧虑时仍然会吸吮大拇指。
She bit the tip of her left thumb, not looking at me. 她咬着左手的拇指尖，眼睛也不看我。
'What'll we do with them?' he asked, jerking his thumb at the suitcases. "这些我们该如何处理?"他朝手提箱一挥拇指问道。
He smiled and raised a thumb in greeting. 他微微一笑，竖起拇指表示问候。
I stuck out a thumb and a car stopped immediately. 我伸出大拇指，马上有一辆车停了下来。
I sat there twiddling my thumbs until the manager finally appeared.（比喻用法）我坐在那儿百无聊赖，直到经理终于出现。
thumb nail（通常用thumbnail）
I picked up the beetle carefully between finger and thumb. 我用食指和拇指小心地捏起甲虫。
He made a thumbs-up sign through the window to tell us everything was fine.他隔着窗子竖起大拇指，告诉我们一切顺利。
He had thumbed all across Europe. 他搭乘便车游遍了欧洲。
We managed to thumb a lift/ride with a truck driver. 我们设法使得过路的卡车司机允许我们搭便车。
It may interest you to know that a boy answering Rory's description thumbed a ride to Howth. 你或许会对这个消息感兴趣，有个和罗里描述的一模一样的小男孩搭便车到了霍斯。
Thumbing a lift had once a carefree, easy-going image. 伸手搭便车曾经给人以轻松随意的形象。

A prospectus is a detailed document produced by a company, college, or school, which gives details about it. (公司或学校的) 介绍说明文件
prospectus |英 [prə'spektəs]  美 [prə'spɛktəs]| n. 内容说明书；样张；创办计划书；学校的入学简介/
...a prospectus for a new issue of stock.…新发行股票的招股说明书。


~ sth (as sth) 判断问题的原因:
~ sth (as sth) 诊断疾病:
diagnose |[ˈdaɪəgnəʊz;-ˈnəʊz;美ˌdaɪəgˈnoʊs]
vt.&vi. ~ sb (as/with) (sth) 
to diagnose a serious fault in the engine 找出发动机里一处严重故障的原因
vt.&vi. ~ sb (as/with) (sth) 
The test is used to diagnose a variety of diseases. 此项化验可用于诊断多种疾病。
The illness was diagnosed as cancer. 此病诊断为癌症。
He has recently been diagnosed with angina. 他最近被诊断出患有心绞痛。
He was diagnosed (as) a diabetic when he was 64. 他64岁时被诊断患有糖尿病。
people with clinically diagnosed diabetes 临床诊断出患有糖尿病的人 
The soldiers were diagnosed as having flu. 这些士兵经诊断患了流感。
Her condition was wrongly diagnosed by the doctor. 她的病医生诊断错了。
newly diagnosed patients 新确诊的病人 
He was diagnosed with leukaemia. 他经诊断患有白血病。
Susan had a mental breakdown and was diagnosed with schizophrenia. 苏珊精神崩溃，被诊断为得了精神分裂症。
