chisel			凿子，雕刻，诈骗
ideal				理想的
rivet			铆钉，铆接，使...固定，吸引住
equitable			公正的
thesaurus			同义词词典
penetrate			进入，穿透，渗透，看透，被理解
dilate			扩大，扩张，详述
participate				参加
provision				供给，准备，规定
emphasize						强调，重读
plank			木板，要点
rig				设备
pedal			踏板，用脚蹬，骑自行车
inert			不活动的，惰性的
tactic			策略
plague					瘟疫，灾祸，困扰
deserve						应得
communication							交流，信息
clinic							诊所
nickel			镍
orderly					有序的，守秩序的
faith							信心，信任，信仰
upset								使苦恼，打乱
sabotage			蓄意破坏
slice					薄片，部分，切，削
fantasy									幻想
expire			到期，结束，呼气
manacle			镣铐
discipline						纪律，惩罚，学科，训导
foul				污秽的，令人不快的，恶劣的，邪恶的，犯规
\\\\\\\\

If you chisel wood or stone, you cut and shape it using a chisel. 用凿子雕切
A chisel is a tool that has a long metal blade with a sharp edge at the end. It is used for cutting and shaping wood and stone. 凿子
chisel |英 ['tʃɪz(ə)l]  美 ['tʃɪzl]| vt. 雕，刻；凿；欺骗/vi. 雕，刻；凿；欺骗/n. 凿子/
He set out to chisel a dog out of sandstone.他开始用凿子将砂岩雕刻成一只狗。
...a hammer and chisel.…一把锤子和一把凿子。


adj. [只用于名词前] 只存在于想象中的，看起来不现实的:
adj. ~ (for sth) 完美的、最合适的，如理想的:
n. [C] 看起来完美，并值得努力去达成的想法（或标准），即理想:
n. [C, usually sing.] ~ (of sth) 完美的人或事物，即理想典范、完美典型:
n. [C] 看起来完美，并值得努力去达成的想法（或标准），即理想:
ideal |[aɪˈdi:əl]
the search for ideal love 对理想中的爱的寻求 
In an ideal world there would be no poverty and disease. 在理想的世界里将没有贫穷和疾病。
She's the ideal candidate for the job. 她是这项工作最合适的人选。
She decided that I was the ideal person to take over the job. 她认定我是接手这份工作的最佳人选。
This beach is ideal for children. 这个海滩是孩子的理想去处。
The hotel's size makes it ideal for large conferences. 这家宾馆的规模对举办大型会议来说非常理想。
The houses are absolutely ideal for families with young children. 对有小孩子的家庭来说，这些房子可算是绝对理想了。
I really love the area and see it as an ideal place to start my managerial career. 我真的很喜欢那个地区，把它视为开创我管理事业的理想之地。
The trip to Paris will be an ideal opportunity to practise my French. 去巴黎旅行将是我练习法语的绝好机会。
Language learning often takes place in a less than ideal environment. 语言学习经常在不尽理想的环境中进行。
high, lofty, noble ideal 高尚的目标；崇高的理想 
Sam was a real leader who had high moral ideals. 萨姆胸怀崇高的道德理想，是真正的领油人物。
This is not an unattainable ideal. 这并不是无法实现的理想。
the bohemian ideals of truth, beauty, freedom and love 崇信真、美、自由与爱的波西米亚式理想 
aesthetic, artistic, cultural, ethical, moral, political, social ideal 审美理想；艺术理想；文化理想；伦理典范；道德理想；政治理想；社会理想 
democratic, liberal, revolutionary, socialist ideal 民主理想；自由主义理想；革命理想；社会主义理想 
Platonic ideal 柏拉图式的理想 
They still clung to the old ideals. 他们依然固守着原来的理想。
We obviously share the same ideals. 很显然，我们志同道合。
A journalist should always live up to the ideals of truth, decency, and justice. 记者必须始终践行真实、正直、正义的理想。
She was accused of betraying her political ideals. 她被指责背弃了自己的政治理想。
the democratic ideals embodied in the charter 宪章所体现的民主理想 
I tried to live up to my ideal of myself. 我努力活出理想的自我。
She found it hard to live up to his high ideals. 她觉得很难达到他的高标准要求。
It's my ideal of what a family home should be. 这是我心目中完美的家庭住宅。
the Japanese ideal of beauty 日本人理想中的美人形象 
Throughout his career she remained his feminine ideal. 在他整个职业生涯中，她一直是他心中完美女性的代表。
This agreement falls far short of the ideal. 这份协议远不完美。
high, lofty, noble ideal 高尚的目标；崇高的理想 
Sam was a real leader who had high moral ideals. 萨姆胸怀崇高的道德理想，是真正的领油人物。
This is not an unattainable ideal. 这并不是无法实现的理想。
the bohemian ideals of truth, beauty, freedom and love 崇信真、美、自由与爱的波西米亚式理想 
aesthetic, artistic, cultural, ethical, moral, political, social ideal 审美理想；艺术理想；文化理想；伦理典范；道德理想；政治理想；社会理想 
democratic, liberal, revolutionary, socialist ideal 民主理想；自由主义理想；革命理想；社会主义理想 
Platonic ideal 柏拉图式的理想 
They still clung to the old ideals. 他们依然固守着原来的理想。
We obviously share the same ideals. 很显然，我们志同道合。
A journalist should always live up to the ideals of truth, decency, and justice. 记者必须始终践行真实、正直、正义的理想。
She was accused of betraying her political ideals. 她被指责背弃了自己的政治理想。
the democratic ideals embodied in the charter 宪章所体现的民主理想 
I tried to live up to my ideal of myself. 我努力活出理想的自我。
She found it hard to live up to his high ideals. 她觉得很难达到他的高标准要求。

If you are riveted by something, it fascinates you and holds your interest completely. 迷住
rivet |英 ['rɪvɪt]  美 ['rɪvɪt]| n. 铆钉/vt. 铆接；固定；（把目光、注意力等）集中于/n. (Rivet)人名；(法)里韦；(英、西)里韦特/
He was riveted to the John Wayne movie.他痴迷于约翰•韦恩的电影。
As a child I remember being riveted by my grandfather's appearance.我记得孩提时我曾被我祖父的模样所迷住。


fair and impartial:公平公正
valid in equity as distinct from law:在衡平法上有效，区别于法律
equitable |ˈɛkwɪtəb(ə)l| Adjective/:公平,公正,公平的
the equitable distribution of resources:资源的公平分配
the difference between legal and equitable rights:法定权利与衡平法权利的区别

n. [C] 同义分类词典:
thesaurus |[θɪˈsɔ:rəs]


vt. 洞察、发现或揭示（难以理解的或隐藏的…）:
vt. 看透；透过…看见:
vt.&vi. ~ (into/through/to) sth 穿过或进入某事物、某地区:
vt.&vi. 成功地进入一个市场、行业等:
vt.&vi. 成功地进入一个更高的级别:
vt.&vi. 被领悟、被理解:
vt.&vi. ~ (into/through/to) sth 穿过或进入某事物:
vt. 性交过程中的插入:
vt.&vi. 成功地渗透或打入一个组织机构、团体、防线等:
penetrate |[ˈpenɪtreɪt]
Science can penetrate many of nature's mysteries. 科学能揭示自然界的许多奥秘。
Her poetry attempts to penetrate the dark mystery of death. 她的诗歌试图解开黑暗的死亡之谜。
Our eyes could not penetrate the darkness. 我们的眼睛在黑暗中什么也看不见。
The flashlights barely penetrated the gloom. 手电筒勉强照见那幽暗处。
It is not yet known how deeply the radiation has penetrated into the soil. 现在还不知道辐射渗入土壤有多深。
The sun's radiation penetrates the skin. 太阳的辐射能透进皮肤。
The sunlight hardly penetrated the inner room. 阳光几乎照不到里面的房间。
The light could not penetrate through the thick curtains. 光线被厚厚的帘子挡住了。
X-rays can penetrate many objects. X射线能够穿透很多物体。
Cut two slashes on each side of the fish to allow heat to penetrate. 在鱼身两侧分别划两刀以便传热。
The cold seemed to penetrate his bones. 寒气似乎钻进他的骨头里去了。
These fine particles penetrate deep into the lungs. 这些微小的尘埃可深深地吸入肺部。
Tiles stop moisture penetrating your walls. 瓷砖能阻挡湿气穿过墙壁。
The dust had penetrated to all corners of the room. 灰尘落满了房间的每个角落。
The knife had penetrated his chest. 刀子刺入了他的胸膛。
An arrow had penetrated his armour. 箭头穿过了他的铠甲。
His men had been ordered to shoot on sight anyone trying to penetrate the area. 他的部下已经接到命令，见到试图穿越该地区的人就开枪。
The invading army could only penetrate the mountain barrier at one point. 入侵的军队只能在一个地点穿过山隘。
caves penetrating deep into the hills 深入山腹的洞穴 
The war penetrates every area of the nation's life.（比喻用法）战争波及全国国民生活的各个领域。
This year the company has been trying to penetrate new markets (= to start selling their products there). 今年这家公司一直试图打入新市场。
There have been around 15 attempts from outside France to penetrate the market. 大约已经有15家外国公司试图进入法国市场。
The drugs industry is complex and hard to penetrate. 医药行业非常复杂，很难进入。
the continuing failure of women to penetrate the higher levels of engineering 女性一直未能跻身工程领域的更高层
I was at the door before his words penetrated. 我走到门口才听懂了他说的话。
None of my advice seems to have penetrated his thick skull (= he has not listened to any of it). 他那木脑袋似乎一点也听不进我的忠告。
long answers that were often difficult to penetrate 往往难以理解的冗长回答 
The news slowly penetrated his consciousness. 他慢慢得知了这个消息。
The knife had penetrated his chest. 刀子刺入了他的胸膛。
An arrow had penetrated his armour. 箭头穿过了他的铠甲。
They had penetrated airport security. 他们已打入机场保安组织。
The party has been penetrated by extremists. 极端分子已经打入了这个党。
The troops had penetrated deep into enemy lines. 部队已经深入敌军防线。
The CIA had requested our help to penetrate a drugs ring operating out of Munich. 美国中央情报局已请求我们协助其打入在慕尼黑市外活动的贩毒集团。
These so-called secret societies were easily penetrated by intelligence agents. 这些所谓的秘密社团很容易就被情报人员渗透进去了。
The army was one of the few institutions the secret police were not encouraged to penetrate. 军队是不鼓励秘密警察渗入的少数机构之一。

vt.&vi.（使）更大、更广、更开放，如扩大、扩张:
dilate |[daɪˈleɪt]
dilated pupils, dilated nostrils 扩大了的瞳孔；张大了的鼻孔 
Her eyes dilated with fear. 她吓得瞪大了眼睛。
At night, the pupils dilate to allow in more light. 到了晚上，瞳孔就会扩大以接收更多光线。
Red wine can help to dilate blood vessels. 红葡萄酒有助于扩张血管。
Exercise dilates blood vessels on the surface of the brain. 运动会使大脑表层的血管扩张。

vi. [较正式] participate (in sth) 参加或参与某一活动:
participate |[pɑː'tɪsɪpeɪt]
She didn’t participate in the discussion. 她没有参加讨论。
to participate in the running of the company 参与公司运作 
to participate in the decision-making process 参与决策过程 
to participate in the study 参与研究 
Other countries were invited to participate in the project. 其他国家也受邀来参与这一项目。

n. [U, C] ~ for sb/sth（为将来做的）准备，预先采取的措施:
vt. [正式] [常用被动式] ~ sb/sth (with sth) 为某人或某事物提供所需物品（尤指提供能够持续一段时间的食物）:
n. 1 [U, C, usually sing.] 提供（给某人）供给；也可指对某人的供应物:
2 [pl.] provisions可指饮食的供应，尤指长长的旅途中的饮食供应:
n. [C]（法律文件的）规定:
n. [C]（法律文件的）条款:
provision |[prəˈvɪʒn]
He had already made provisions for (= planned for the financial future of) his wife and children before the accident. 意外事故发生之前，他已为妻子、儿女做好了经济安排。
It is important to make adequate provision for your retirement. 为退休生活做好充分准备是很重要的。
You should make provision for things going wrong. 你要采取措施，以防不测。
Special provision should be made for children. 应给孩子在经济上专门作好安排。
There are very generous provisions for the mother. 这位母亲在物质上得到了很好的赡养。
Mr King asked if it had ever occurred to her to make provision for her own pension. 金先生问她是否曾想过要为自己的养老金预先作安排。
There is no provision for funding performance-related pay rises. 没有为与业绩挂钩的加薪预作资金准备。
childcare, educational, housing, pension, service, welfare provision（均尤英）托儿服务的提供；教育的提供；住房的供应；养老金的提供；服务的提供；福利的提供 
Several companies are responsible for the provision of cleaning services. 有几家公司负责提供清洁服务。
The government is responsible for the provision of health care. 政府负责提供医疗服务。
The department is responsible for the provision of residential care services. 该部门负责提供家庭护理服务。
nursery provision for children with special needs 为有特殊需要的儿童提供护理 
There is no provision for anyone to sit down here. 这里没有可坐的地方。
The provision of specialist teachers is being increased. 当局正在增加设置专门师资。
On board were enough provisions for two weeks. 船上有足够两周吃的食物。
We went into town to stock up on provisions. 了储备食物我们进了城。
legal, legislative, statutory provision  法律规定；法规 
The same provisions apply to foreign-owned companies. 同样的规定适用于外资公司。
The Act contains detailed provisions for appeal against the court's decision. 该法案含有对法庭裁决上诉的详细规定。
Under the provisions of the lease, the tenant is responsible for repairs. 按契约规定，房客负责房屋维修。
The bill's provision for the sale and purchase of land faces stiff opposition from conservatives. 该法案关于土地买卖的规定遭到保守派的强硬反对。
detailed provision 详细的条款 
express（尤英）, particular, special, specific provision 专门条款；特别条款 
relevant provision 相关条款 
key provision 关键条款 
constitutional, legal, legislative, statutory provision 宪法中的条款；法律条款；法规条款 
sunset provision（法律，尤美）（定期检查发现无效即自行废止的）落日条款 
The law contained a sunset provision, requiring Congress to re-authorize it in 2008. 该法律规定包含了一则落日条款要求国会在2008年对其重新授权。
provisions contained in the contract 合同中的条款 
He backed a provision that would allow judges to delay granting a divorce decree in some cases. 他赞成一项允许法官在一些情况下延迟作出离婚判决的法律条款。

vt. 使突出、使更明显:
vt.（说话时）重读、强调（一个词或短语），即加强…的语气:
vt. 对某事赋予特殊的重要性，即强调、重视、着重:
emphasize |[ˈemfəsaɪz]
She swept her hair back from her face to emphasize her high cheekbones. 她把头发朝脸后拢，使高高的颧骨显得更为突出。
All the arguments serve to emphasize the controversy surrounding this disease. 所有争论突出了有关这种疾病的争议。           
His speech emphasized the importance of attracting industry to the town. 他的发言强调了吸引工业到城镇的重要性。
She emphasized that their plan would mean sacrifices and hard work. 她强调说他们的计划将意味着牺牲和辛勤工作。
He emphasized how little was known about the disease. 他着重指出对这种疾病所知甚少。
It should be emphasized that this is only one possible explanation. 应该强调的是，这只是一种可能的解释。
But it's also been emphasized that no major policy changes can be expected to come out of the meeting. 但是也已经强调过，此次会议预计不会带来重大政策转变。
Discuss pollution with your child, emphasizing how nice a clean street, lawn, or park looks. 和孩子讨论污染问题，强调清洁的街道、草地或公园有多么美丽。
The new law rightly emphasizes parental responsibility. 新法律合理地强调了父母的责任。
I must emphasize that this is only a summary, and the full report will not be available until next week. 我必须强调这只是个摘要，完整报告下个星期可出来。
It is important to emphasize this point. 强调这一点是很重要的。
I have been at pains to emphasize the positive aspects of discipline. 我极力强调了纪律的积极作用。

n. [C] 狭长扁平的矩形木头（用于制作地板等），即板条:
n. [C] 组织机构（尤指政党）的政策要点、政策核心:
plank |[plæŋk]
a wooden plank 一条木板 
It was very strong, made of three solid planks of wood. 它由三块坚固的木板做成，很结实。
The central plank of the bill was rural development. 这一法案的核心是农村发展。
Encouraging people to shop locally is a central plank of his environment policy. 他的环境政策的核心是鼓励人们购买当地产品。
The proposed law was a central plank in the manifesto. 拟议中的法律是这项宣言的主旨。
Health and security will be key planks in the party's election campaign. 健康和安全将是该党在竞选纲领中的关键点。
the main plank of the strategy 该战略的要点

A rig is a truck that is made in two or more sections which are jointed together by metal bars, so that the vehicle can turn more easily. 重型铰接式卡车
A rig is a large structure that is used for looking for oil or gas and for taking it out of the ground or the sea bed. 钻塔
If someone rigs an election, a job appointment, or a game, they dishonestly arrange it to get the result they want or to give someone an unfair advantage. (欺骗性地) 幕后操纵
rig |英 [rɪg]  美 [rɪɡ]| n. 装备；钻探设备；服装；[船] 帆装/vt. 操纵；装配；装扮；装上索具/
An inspection of his rig showed that three of the brakes were faulty.对他的重型卡车的检查显示有3处刹车存在问题。
...a supply vessel for oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico.…一艘墨西哥湾石油钻塔的供给船。
She accused her opponents of rigging the vote.她指责对手幕后操纵了这次选举。


vt.&vi. 踩踏板:
n. [C]（机器上的）踏板:
n. [C] 乐器（如钢琴、风琴等）的踏板、踏瓣、脚踏键:
vt.&vi. 骑自行车:
n. [C]（自行车的）脚蹬子、（车辆的）踏板:
pedal |[ˈpedl]
You'll have to pedal hard up this hill. 走上坡时你必须用力蹬车。
She had been pedalling her exercise bike all morning. 她整个上午都在蹬健身车。
To stop the machine push the foot pedal. 踩脚踏板可以让机器停止运转。
Her foot was working the pedal of the sewing machine. 她用脚蹬着缝纫机的踏板。
pedal bin（英）脚踏式小垃圾桶
organ, piano pedal 风琴踏板；钢琴踏板 
wah-wah pedal（电子乐队用的）"哇哇"踏板 
Some guitarists tend to overuse the wah-wah pedal. 一些吉他手往往会滥用"哇哇"踏板。
I saw her pedalling along the towpath. 我看见她在纤道上骑自行车。
He jumped on his bike and pedalled off. 他跳上自行车就骑走了。
She pedalled her bicycle up the track. 她骑车上了小路。
She climbed on her bike with a feeling of pride and pedalled the five miles home. 她自豪地骑上自行车，蹬了五英里路回家。
She was too tired to pedal back. 她太累了，没力气骑自行车回去。
accelerator, brake, clutch, gas（尤美）（esp.AmE）pedal 油门踏板；刹车踏板；离合器踏板 
She pressed her foot down sharply on the brake pedal. 她猛踩刹车踏板。
He floored the pedal and drove off at high speed.（floor为美式用法）他猛踩油门疾驶而去。
bicycle, bike（非正式）pedal 自行车脚蹬子 
I couldn't reach the pedals on her bike. 我骑她的车够不到脚蹬子。
pedal boat, pedal car, pedal cycle（英）脚踏船；踏板车；脚踏车

adj. 无生气的、呆滞的:
adj. [正式] 没有力量移动或做事的，即无活动能力的、无行动能力的:
adj. [化学] 化学性质不活跃的、惰性的:
inert |[ɪˈnɜ:t;美ɪˈnɜ:rt]
The novel itself remains oddly inert. 小说本身异常平淡，了无生气。
her inert personality 她呆板的个性
He lay inert with half-closed eyes. 他半睁着双眼一动不动地躺着。
He covered the inert body with a blanket. 他用毯子把那具一动不动的尸体盖上。
inert gases like neon and argon 像氖和氩这样的惰性气体 
chemically inert radioactive waste 具有化学惰性的放射性废物 
biologically inert 有生物惰性          

n. 1 [C, usually pl.]（为达成某事所用的）战术、策略、手段、招数:
2 [pl.] tactics 指军警所用的战术:
n. 1 [C, usually pl.]（为达成某事所用的）战术、策略、手段、招数:
2 [pl.] tactics 指军警所用的战术:
tactic |[ˈtæktɪk]
subtle tactic 巧妙的战术 
Some players see injuring their opponent as a legitimate tactic. 有些运动员把使对手受伤看作正当的战术。
revolutionary, violent tactic 革命手段；暴力手段 
aggressive, bully-boy（英）, bullying, hardball（美）, heavy-handed, strong-arm tactic 积极主动的策略；欺凌手段；强硬策略；高压手段；强制手段 
non-violent, softly-softly 非暴力手段；耐心细致的方式 
smear tactic 抹黑手段 
avoidance, delaying, diversionary, spoiling, stalling tactic 回避策略；拖延战术；牵制战术；破坏战术 
Children are adept at delaying tactics. 孩子们很会磨蹭 
time-wasting tactic 浪费时间的战术 
The coach was criticized for his negative tactics. 教练由于采用消极战术而受到了批评。
short-term tactic 短期策略 
campaigning, marketing, negotiating, promotional, sales tactic 竞选策略；营销策略；谈判策略；促销策略；销售策略 
parliamentary, political tactic 议会策略；政治策略 
She decided on a stalling tactic. 她决定采取拖延战术。
the temptation to use underhand tactics 使用卑鄙手段的诱惑 
They were desperate enough to try shock tactics. 他们不顾一切要采用震惊战术。
I refuse to stoop to such bullying tactics. 我拒绝下作到使用这种霸道手段。
They would do well to switch tactics. 他们最好转变一下策略。
Longer races demand different tactics. 较长距离的速度竞赛需要采取不同的战术。
His strong-arm tactics paid off. 
Teachers learn tactics for dealing with aggressive children. 老师们应学习对付爱惹是生非的孩子的策略。
We use a variety of tactics to make learning fun. 我们运用各种策略使学习有趣起来。
They tried all kinds of tactics to get us to go. 他们施尽所有的招数想让我们去。
This was just the latest in a series of delaying tactics. 这只是一系列拖延战术中的一个新花招。
The manager discussed tactics with his team. 经理和他手下的一班人讨论了策略问题。
Confrontation is not always the best tactic. 对抗并非总是上策。
What sort of tactics will the President use to rally the people behind him? 总统会用什么样的策略把人们号召起来支持他呢？
He pressed on in the hope that a few others would join him. The tactic paid off. 他硬着头皮干下去，希望能有几个人加入进来。这一招奏效了。
guerrilla, militant, military, naval, police, tactics 游击战术；军事战术；海军战术；警方战术 
intimidation, psychological tactics 恫吓战术；心理战术 
interrogation tactics 审讯策略
subtle tactic 巧妙的战术 
Some players see injuring their opponent as a legitimate tactic. 有些运动员把使对手受伤看作正当的战术。
revolutionary, violent tactic 革命手段；暴力手段 
aggressive, bully-boy（英）, bullying, hardball（美）, heavy-handed, strong-arm tactic 积极主动的策略；欺凌手段；强硬策略；高压手段；强制手段 
non-violent, softly-softly 非暴力手段；耐心细致的方式 
smear tactic 抹黑手段 
avoidance, delaying, diversionary, spoiling, stalling tactic 回避策略；拖延战术；牵制战术；破坏战术 
Children are adept at delaying tactics. 孩子们很会磨蹭 
time-wasting tactic 浪费时间的战术 
The coach was criticized for his negative tactics. 教练由于采用消极战术而受到了批评。
short-term tactic 短期策略 
campaigning, marketing, negotiating, promotional, sales tactic 竞选策略；营销策略；谈判策略；促销策略；销售策略 
parliamentary, political tactic 议会策略；政治策略 
She decided on a stalling tactic. 她决定采取拖延战术。
the temptation to use underhand tactics 使用卑鄙手段的诱惑 
They were desperate enough to try shock tactics. 他们不顾一切要采用震惊战术。
I refuse to stoop to such bullying tactics. 我拒绝下作到使用这种霸道手段。
They would do well to switch tactics. 他们最好转变一下策略。
Longer races demand different tactics. 较长距离的速度竞赛需要采取不同的战术。
His strong-arm tactics paid off. 
Teachers learn tactics for dealing with aggressive children. 老师们应学习对付爱惹是生非的孩子的策略。
We use a variety of tactics to make learning fun. 我们运用各种策略使学习有趣起来。
They tried all kinds of tactics to get us to go. 他们施尽所有的招数想让我们去。
This was just the latest in a series of delaying tactics. 这只是一系列拖延战术中的一个新花招。
The manager discussed tactics with his team. 经理和他手下的一班人讨论了策略问题。
Confrontation is not always the best tactic. 对抗并非总是上策。
What sort of tactics will the President use to rally the people behind him? 总统会用什么样的策略把人们号召起来支持他呢？
He pressed on in the hope that a few others would join him. The tactic paid off. 他硬着头皮干下去，希望能有几个人加入进来。这一招奏效了。
guerrilla, militant, military, naval, police, tactics 游击战术；军事战术；海军战术；警方战术 
intimidation, psychological tactics 恫吓战术；心理战术 
interrogation tactics 审讯策略

n. [C] ~ of sth（某一事物肆虐造成的）灾害、祸患:
vt. ~ sb/sth (with sth)（尤指通过要求某事物、要求别人的注意等而）给某人造成烦扰或麻烦，如纠缠:
n. 1 [U]（也可用the plague）老鼠传播的一种疾病，可引起发热、肿胀且通常致死，即腺鼠疫、腹股沟淋巴结鼠疫。相当于bubonic plague:
2 [C] 导致很多人死亡的一种传染病:
n. [C] 令人头疼的事物，如烦扰:
vt. ~ sb/sth (with sth) 给某人或某事物造成一段时间的痛苦或麻烦:
plague |[pleɪg]
The region has just suffered a plague of locusts. 该地区刚刚遭受了蝗灾。
The city is suffering a plague of rats. 这座城市正在闹鼠灾。
Last year there was a plague of robbery and housebreaking. 去年抢劫和入室行窃成灾。
Rock stars have to get used to being plagued by autograph hunters. 摇滚歌星必须习惯歌迷要求签名的纠缠。
I'm not going to plague you with a lot more questions, Miss Culver. 卡尔弗小姐，我不会再问更多的问题来烦你了。
Tommy Cook had been plaguing Pinner for months. 汤米·库克已纠缠平纳好几个月了。
a fresh outbreak of plague 新一轮鼠疫的爆发 
illnesses such as smallpox, typhus and the plague 像天花、伤寒和鼠疫这样的疾病 
Bubonic plague struck London in 1665. 1665年伦敦爆发了腺鼠疫。
Nearly a third of the population died in the Great Plague. 近三分之一的人口在伦敦大瘟疫中丧生。
the plague of AIDS 艾滋病这种严重的传染病 
A cholera plague had been killing many prisoners of war at the time. 当时霍乱疫情已在夺去很多战俘的生命。
Fleas spread plague from animals to humans. 跳蚤将鼠疫从动物传染给人类
Inflation will remain a recurrent plague. 通货膨胀将继续成为周期性的烦扰。
Tim seems to have escaped the cynicism which is the absolute plague of our generation. 蒂姆好像并没有染上我们这代人愤世嫉俗的通病。
to be plagued by doubt 为疑虑所困扰 
Financial problems are plaguing the company. 财政问题使这家公司焦头烂额。
The team has been plagued by injury this season. 本赛季这支队一直为队员受伤所困扰。
She was plagued by weakness, fatigue, and dizziness. 她感觉体虚、疲倦、头昏眼花。
Fears about job security plague nearly half the workforce. 几乎一半的员工担心失业。

vt.＆vi.（由于某人或某事物既往的表现或身份而）应得到某事物，即应得、应受:
deserve |[dɪ'zə:v]
You deserve a rest after all that hard work. 辛苦劳累那么久，你该休息一下了。
The report deserves careful consideration. 这份报告应加以认真考虑。
One player in particular deserves a mention. 有一名运动员特别值得一提。
They didn’t deserve to win. 他们不该赢。
He deserves to be locked up for ever for what he did. 他做了这样的事，应该终身监禁。
This hotel fully deserves its four-star grading. 这家酒店完全配得上其四星评级。
to deserve praise 应得到赞扬 
It’s true she made a mistake but she hardly deserves to lose the job. 她的确犯了错，但不至于就因此丢掉工作。

n. [U] 表达想法和感情（或向人们传递信息）的活动或过程，即表达，交流，传递:
n. [C] [正式] 信息；书信；电话:
n. [U]（也可用复数形式communications）发送信息的方法（尤指通过电话、广播、计算机等），即通信。是此义的基础用词，含义极为广泛:
n. [U]（也可用复数形式communications）（公路、铁路等的）交通:
communication |[kə͵mju:nɪ'keɪʃn]
channels of communication 沟通渠道 
communication skills 沟通技能 
Good communication is important for business. 良好的沟通对做生意来说很重要。
interpersonal communication 人际交流 
non-verbal, oral, verbal, written communication 非言语交际；言语交际；书面沟通 
animal, human communication 动物的交流；人类的交流 
I haven’t had any communication with him for several years. 我跟他已有好几年没任何联系了。
Letters are their only means of communication. 书信是他们唯一的联系方式。           
formal, official, personal communication 正式信息；官方信息；个人信息 
to receive a communication 收到信息 
to send a communication 发送信息 
to intercept a communication 拦截信息 
a communication from the officer to the general 该军官发给将军的消息
digital, radio, telephone, wireless communications 数字通信系统；无线电通信系统；电话通信系统；无线通信系统 
communications links, communications network, communications system 通信链路；通信网络；通信系统 
communications satellite, communications technology 通信卫星；通信技术 
communications equipment 通信设备 
Snow has prevented communication with the outside world for three days. 大雪使得与外界的通信中断了三天。
rail, road communications 铁路交通；公路交通 
Paris has good rail communications with other major cities. 巴黎与其他各主要城市间有良好的铁路交通。

n. 1 [C] [尤英] 门诊时间，或会诊时间:
2 [C]（医院中实习生所进行的）临床实习，临床教学:
n. 1 [C] 诊所，或医院的门诊部:
2 [C] [尤英] 私人诊所，或（专门治疗某类疾病的）专科医院:
3 [C] [美] 病人接受治疗的一栋建筑，即门诊治疗部，或称门诊楼；或一群医生共同工作的一栋建筑，即医疗中心:
n. [C]专业人士（尤指运动员）举办的培训班:
clinic |['klɪnɪk]
The antenatal clinic is on Monday. 产前检查时间为星期一。
hospital clinic 诊所；（医院的）门诊部 
health, medical clinic 保健诊所；医疗诊所 
private clinic 私人诊所 
rural clinic 乡村诊所 
fertility, infertility clinic 不孕不育门诊 
eye clinic 眼科门诊 
a clinic for asthma sufferers 治疗哮喘患 
drug clinic 戒毒诊所 
clinic nurse 门诊护士 
clinic appointment 门诊预约 
clinic patient 门诊病人者的诊所 
He was treated at the Paris clinic. 他曾在巴黎一家私人诊所接受治疗。
golf, tennis clinic 高尔夫球训练班；网球训练班

In the United States and Canada, a nickel is a coin worth five cents. (美国和加拿大的) 五分镍币
nickel |英 ['nɪk(ə)l]  美 ['nɪkl]| n. 镍；镍币；五分镍币/vt. 镀镍于/n. (Nickel)人名；(德、英)尼克尔/
...a large glass jar filled with pennies, nickels, dimes, and quarters.…一个装满1分、5分、10分和25分硬币的大玻璃罐。


adj. 1（布置或排列）整洁的、井然有序的:
2（行为）有序的:
n. [C]（医院的）护工，勤杂工（通常不需要专门培训）:
n. [C] 勤务兵（通常不需要专门培训）:
orderly |[ˈɔ:dəli;美ˈɔ:rdərli]
It's a beautiful, clean and orderly city. 这是一座美丽清洁、秩序井然的城市。
vegetables planted in orderly rows 一行行栽种整齐的蔬菜 
Their vehicles were parked in orderly rows. 他们的车一排排井然有序地停放着。
The organizers guided them in orderly fashion out of the building. 组织者引领他们井然有序地走出大楼。
an orderly demonstration 秩序井然的示威 
Despite the violence that preceded the elections, reports say that polling was orderly and peaceful. 尽管选举前发生了暴力事件，报道说投票得以和平有序地进行。
a calm and orderly life 平静有序的生活 
We want to bring about this change in an orderly fashion/manner/way. 我们想按部就班地进行改革。

n. [U] faith (in sb/sth) 相信某人的知识、能力或善良；相信…能够履行诺言。即信任（感）:
n. [U] good faith 可表示（想要做某事的）诚意:
n. [C] 某种宗教（如基督教、佛教或伊斯兰教）。是一种引申用法:
n. [U, sing.] 强烈的宗教信仰。一般比belief程度重:
faith |[feɪθ]
Her faith in human nature had been badly shaken. 她对人性的信心已大大动摇了。
I have little faith in doctors these days. 我如今几乎不相信医生。
to have great faith in you 对你很有信心 
to have blind faith in his own ability 对他自己的能力盲目自信 
She did not put much faith on their chances of success. 她不太相信他们能获得成功。
to lose faith in the company 对该公司失去信心 
an act of faith 信任之举
They handed over the weapons as a gesture of good faith. 他们交出武器以示诚意。
He had entered into the contract in bad faith. 他签订合同时就居心不良。
Catholic, Jewish, Muslim, Christian faith 天主教；犹太教；伊斯兰教；基督教 
living faith 仍有人信奉的宗教 
faith school（英）宗教信仰流派 
people of different faiths 持不同宗教信仰的人
religious faith 宗教信仰 
her faith in Jesus 她对耶稣的信仰 
personal faith 个人信仰 
an article of faith（常为比喻用法）信条 
The team’s greatness was an article of faith for him. 他坚信这是一支伟大的队伍。

vt. 使某人或自己不开心、焦虑或生气，相当于distress:
n. [U, C] 由已经发生的不愉快的事所引起的不快或失望:
adj. [不用于名词前] upset (about sth) 或 upset (that …) 因发生了不愉快的事而难过或失望:
n. [C]（在竞赛中）击败一个有望获胜的人或团队:
vt. 打乱或搅乱一个计划、情况等:
vt. 打翻或偶然碰倒某事物:
vt. upset sb's stomach 使某人在吃了…或喝了…之后感到肠胃不适:
adj. an upset stomach 可表示肠胃不适或腹泻的:
n. [C] 肠胃病（让人想呕吐或腹泻）:
n. [U]（尤指意外的）出现一些问题或困难的情况:
upset |[ʌp'set]
Don’t upset yourself about it--let’s just forget it ever happened. 你别为这事烦恼了——咱们就只当它没发生过。
She was sensitive and easily upset. 她很敏感，容易心烦。
I’m sorry--I didn’t mean to upset you. 对不起，我不是有意惹你生气。
This decision is likely to upset a lot of people. 这个决定很可能会让很多人不高兴。
emotional upset 情绪低落
She’s obviously deeply upset by his comments. 他的评论明显让她大为不快！
emotionally upset 情绪低落 
She was still upset about her divorce. 她还在为离婚的事心烦。
I think she may be a little upset with you. 我觉得她可能有点儿生你的气。
He arrived an hour late and upset all our arrangements. 他迟到了一个小时，把我们的一切安排都打乱了。
She stood up suddenly, upsetting a glass of wine. 她蓦然起身，碰倒了一杯酒。
a stomach upset 拉肚子
The company has survived the recent upset in share prices. 这家公司撑过了最近股价的动荡。
His health has not been improved by all the upset at home. 家中的纷乱使他的健康毫无起色。
We had our first major upset when Rogers was taken off with a leg injury. 罗杰斯因腿伤被换下场，这是我们遭遇的第一个重大挫折。

vt. 蓄意破坏某事物（以防止敌方利用或表示抗议）:
vt. 妨碍或捣乱（以阻止某事成功），尤指故意妨碍或捣乱:
n. 1 [U]（为防止敌人利用或表示抗议而对设备、交通等进行的）蓄意毁坏:
2 [U] 妨碍或捣乱（以阻止某事成功），尤指故意妨碍或捣乱:
sabotage |[ˈsæbətɑ:ʒ]
The main electricity supply had been sabotaged by the rebels. 叛乱者破坏了供电干线。
Protesters failed to sabotage the peace talks. 抗议者未能破坏和平谈判。
He accused the opposition of trying to sabotage the election. 他谴责反对派企图阻挠选举的进行。
They had tried to sabotage our plans. 他们故意破坏我们的计划。
The rise in interest rates sabotaged any chance of the firm's recovery. 由于利率的提高，公司的复苏已无任何可能。
My ex-wife deliberately sabotages my access to the children. 我的前妻故意不让我与孩子们接触。           
an act of economic sabotage, an act of military sabotage, an act of industrial sabotage 经济破坏活动；军事破坏活动；工业破坏活动 
Police investigating the train derailment have not ruled out sabotage. 警方调查火车出轨事件，没有排除人为破坏的可能。

n. [C] [非正式] 某事物的一个部分或份额:
vt. [美，非正式] 大量削减:
n. [C]（用于掀起食物的）锅铲或铲子:
n. [C] 切下的食物薄片:
vt. slice sth (up) 把…切成片:
vt. slice sth (up) 把…切成片:
vt.＆vi. 用（或好像用）锋利的刃轻易地切（或划）:
n. [C]（高尔夫、网球等体育运动的）削球，侧旋球或斜切打法（使球在朝某个方向行进的过程中自身做高速旋转运动）:
vt. 1 体育运动中削球或斜切打（使球在朝某个方向运动时本身做高速旋转）:
2 高尔夫球中可指无意中打出弧线球:
slice |[slaɪs]
a large slice of the market 一大块市场份额 
a fair slice of the budget 相当一部分预算 
a large slice of the profits 一大块利润 
a slice of life（电影、戏剧、书籍等）反映现实生活的一个侧面 
a slice of the pie（金钱、利润等的）一部分 
a slice of luck（英）运气 
Many investors are hoping to grab a slice of the action. 许多投资者都希望分得一杯羹。
The new tax has sliced annual bonuses by 30 percent. 由于征收新税，年度红利减少了30%。
a fish slice 煎鱼铲 
a slice of bread 一片面包 
Cut the meat into thin slices. 把肉切成薄片。
cheese, lemon slice 奶酪片；柠檬片
The knife sliced cleanly through the flesh. 那把刀干净利索地把肉切成片。
He sliced pieces off the large steak. 他从大块肉排上切下来几片。
Slice the onion in two. 把洋葱切成两半。
Slice the bread thinly. 把面包切成薄片。
Slice the onion in two. 把洋葱切成两半。
He accidentally sliced through his finger. 他不小心把指头割破了。
A piece of glass sliced into his shoulder. 一块玻璃划破他的肩膀。
The knife sliced his jacket. 那把刀划破了他的夹克。
The ship sliced the water.（比喻用法）船破浪前进。
He managed to slice a shot over the net. 他设法把球斜切过网。

n. 1 [C] 所想象出来的但不太可能发生的一种美好情景，即幻想。是“幻想”的常规用词:
2 [C] 想象出来的产物，幻想出来的作品:
3 [U] 幻想（或想象）的行为；一个人的幻想（或想象）:
fantasy |['fæntəsɪ]
his childhood fantasies about becoming a famous football player 他儿时想成为著名足球运动员的幻想 
She dismissed the idea as a wild fantasy. 她觉得那个想法太过不切实际而不予考虑。
romantic fantasy 浪漫幻想 
Her books are usually escapist fantasies. 她的书通常是逃避现实的幻想作品。
a work of fantasy 幻想的作品 
fantasy life 幻想的生活 
fantasy figure 幻想中的人物 
fantasy film, fantasy game, fantasy novel 奇幻电影；梦幻游戏；奇幻小说 
fantasy team 梦之队 
Stop living in a fantasy world. 别再生活在幻想世界中了。

vi. [文学] 去世:
vi.（文件、协议等）因到期而失效、终止:
vi.（任期等）届满:
expire |[ɪkˈspaɪə(r)]
He endured excruciating agonies before he finally expired. 在最终离世前他经受了极大的痛苦。
When does your driving licence expire? 你的驾照什么时候到期？
He had lived illegally in the United States for five years after his visitor's visa expired. 在访问签证到期后，他又在美国非法居住了5年。
His contract is due to expire at the end of this year. 他的合同将在今年年底到期。
His term of office expires at the end of June. 他的任期六月底届满。

If a prisoner is manacled, their wrists or legs are put in manacles in order to prevent them from moving or escaping. 铐上
manacle |英 [ˈmænəkl]  美 [ˈmænəkl]| n. 束缚；手铐/vt. 束缚；给……上手铐/
He was manacled by the police.他被警察上了镣铐。
His hands were manacled behind his back.他的双手被铐在了身后。


vt. ~ yourself 控制自己的行为、严格要求自己:
n. [U] 控制自己行为（或生活方式、工作方式等）的能力，如自制力、自律:
n. [C] 训练自己身心（或行为）的方法；符合准则的行为:
n. [C] 训练自己身心（或行为）的方法；符合准则的行为:
n. [C] 知识领域；（尤指大学的）学科，科目:
Students are to be tested on the three core disciplines: mathematics，English and science. 学生要考三门核心科目:
n. [U, C] 为了成功而对自己进行的训练或磨练；也可指作为磨练的一种活动或形势:
vt. 训练、管教某人，让其遵守规则或变得乖巧，尤指管教儿童:
n. [U] 纪律、风纪:
vt. ~ sb (for sth)（为某人的所作所为）惩罚某人:
discipline |[ˈdɪsəplɪn]
He disciplined himself to exercise at least three times a week. 他规定自己每周至少锻炼三次。
Out on the course you must discipline yourself to let go of detailed theory. 在高尔夫球场上，你必须训练自己做到不拘泥于细枝末节的理论。
I'm very good at disciplining myself. 我能做到严格自律。
Dieting is a matter of disciplining yourself. 节食是自我控制的问题。
He'll never get anywhere working for himself--he's got no discipline. 他为自己工作是不会有什么成就的——他毫无自制力。
It was that image of calm and discipline that appealed to voters. 正是那个冷静、自律的形象打动了选民。
It is good discipline to learn to delegate. 学会下放权力是良好的素质。
personal discipline 自律 
mental, spiritual discipline 心理约束；精神约束 
physical discipline 身体约束 
business, commercial, financial, fiscal, industrial, market, monetary discipline 经营管理；商业约束；财政控制；工业控制；市场控制；货币控制 
The government has stabilized the economy through strict fiscal discipline. 通过严格的财政控制，政府稳定了经济。
message discipline（= the practice of only talking about what is relevant to your aims, by a politician）（美）信息控制 
He'll never get anywhere working for himself--he has no discipline. 他单干永远不会成功——他没有自我约束能力。
something to help you bring discipline to your decision-making process 有助于在决策过程中增加克制力的东西 
It takes great discipline to learn a musical instrument. 学习乐器需要高度的自律能力。
a lack of discipline 缺乏自制力
Yoga is a good discipline for learning to relax. 瑜伽是一种学习放松的有效方法。
Yoga is a good discipline for learning to relax. 瑜伽是一种学习放松的有效方法。
core, main, major discipline 核心科目；主要科目 
When did sociology emerge as a distinct discipline? 社会学是何时成为独立学科的? 
established, traditional discipline 老牌的学科；传统的学科 
emerging, new discipline 新兴学科 
social work and its related disciplines 社会工作及相关学科 
academic, intellectual, scholarly discipline 学术科目；知识学科 
They established psychology as an academic discipline. 他们确立了心理学的学科地位。
professional discipline（尤美）专业学科 
humanities, science, scientific discipline 人文学科；理科 
There is a lack of communication across disciplines(= between teachers and students of different subjects). 不同学科之间缺乏交流。
You've got to make sure that people work together across disciplines. 你必须确保让那些出身不同学科的人一起共事。
Within a discipline there may be more than one school of thought. 一个学科内可以有不止一个学派。
academics from diverse academic disciplines 来自不同学科的学者 
multiple disciplines（尤美）多学科 
experts in multiple disciplines 多学科的专家 
The university offers a wide range of disciplines. 大学设有许多不同的学科。
We're looking for people from a wide range of disciplines. 我们需要各个学科的人才。
inner disciplines like transcendental meditation 内省，如冥思静坐 
The discipline of studying music can help children develop good work habits. 音乐学习中的训练可以帮助孩子们培养好的工作习惯。
a guide to the best ways of disciplining your child 管教子女最佳方法指南
Strict discipline is imposed on army recruits. 新兵受严格的纪律约束。
strict military discipline严格的军纪 
He quickly brought order and discipline to the regiment. 他很快使该团秩序井然，纪律严明。
the discipline that the party exercises over its members 该党对其党员实行的纪律 
They submitted to the discipline imposed by their leaders. 他们遵守领导制定的纪律。
student, team discipline 学生纪律；团队纪律 
church, military, party, prison, school, social, work discipline 教规；军纪；党纪；监狱纪律；校纪；社会规约；工作纪律 
parental discipline 家规 
The school has a reputation for high standards of discipline. 这所学校因纪律严格而名闻遐迩。
We need better discipline in our schools. 我们的学校需要更好的纪律。
Order and discipline have been placed in the hands of headmasters and governing bodies. 维持秩序和纪律的工作已交接给了校长和管理机构了。
She keeps good discipline in class. 她严格执行课堂纪律。
discipline problems in the classroom 课堂纪律问题 
The teacher was unable to maintain discipline. 那名老师无法维持纪律。
Students have to learn discipline. 学生要学会守纪律。
The school was criticized for having very poor discipline. 该校被指责纪律很差。
She believes children need discipline. 她认为孩子们需要纪律约束。
a breach of discipline（尤英）违反纪律 
It's unfair to dismiss somebody for a single breach of discipline. 一次违纪就开除，这不公平。
a breakdown of discipline in the classroom 课堂上秩序大乱 
Discipline was too lax. 纪律太松懈了。
The officers were disciplined for using racist language. 这些军官因使用种族歧视性语言而受到惩罚。
The workman was disciplined by his company but not dismissed. 那个工人受到了公司的处罚，但并没有被解雇。
Her husband had at last taken a share in disciplining the boy. 她的丈夫最后也加了进来一起教训那个男孩。

vt.（通常用废物）弄脏某事物:
adj.（语言）含有粗话、脏话和骂人话的:
adj. [尤英]（人的脾气、情绪等）很差的、很坏的:
adj. 肮脏且恶臭的:
adj. [文学] 极其邪恶或残忍的:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (up)（被）缠住（因而不能运转或移动）:
vt. 在体育运动中对对手犯规:
n. [C] 在体育运动中可指犯规:
vt.&vi. 棒球运动中可指击球出界:
n. [C]（棒球）击球出界:
adj.（天气）恶劣的、风雨交加的:
adj. [尤英]（事物）非常令人不悦的、很差的:
foul |[faʊl]
Do not permit your dog to foul the grass. 禁止狗在草地拉屎。
It is an offence to let your dog foul a footpath. 让狗在人行道上拉屎是违法行为。
A village's entire beach and harbor can be fouled by a single rotting whale. 一只腐烂的死鲸就足以弄脏一个村子的整片海滩和港口。
Two oil-related accidents near Los Angeles have fouled the ocean and the skies there. 发生在洛杉矶附近的两起漏油事故已经污染了那里的海洋和天空。
foul language 脏话 
He had a foul mouth. 他爱说脏话。
I'm sick of her foul mouth (= habit of swearing). 我讨厌她一开口就骂人的那张臭嘴。
He called her the foulest names imaginable. 他用最下流的话骂她。
He was sent off for using foul language in a match last Sunday. 他在上周日的一场比赛中因为骂人而被罚下场。           
She's in a foul mood. 她的情绪很糟。
His boss has a foul temper. 他的老板脾气很坏。
He was in a foul mood even before the interviews began. 他在采访还没开始时就暴躁不安起来。           
foul air, foul breath 污浊难闻的空气；污浊难闻气息 
a foul-smelling prison 臭烘烘的监狱 
foul polluted water 恶臭的脏水 
The smell was quite foul. 臭气熏天。
foul crime, foul murder 邪恶的罪行；恶毒的谋杀
The rope fouled the propeller. 绳索缠住了螺旋桨。
The freighter fouled its propeller in fishing nets. 货船的螺旋桨被渔网缠住了。
A rope fouled up (= became twisted) as we pulled the sail down. 我们收帆时有一根绳索缠住了。
He was fouled inside the penalty area. 在罚球区内对方队员对他犯规。
He was sent off for fouling Steve Tilson. 他因为对史蒂夫·蒂尔森犯规而被罚下场。
hard, offensive, personal, technical foul（均用于篮球）严重犯规；进攻犯规；侵人犯规；技术犯规 
He committed a second foul. 他第二次犯规。
The referee did not call a foul on the player. 裁判没有吹哨判那名队员犯规。
He draw a fourth foul on Camby.（美）他第四次对康比犯规。
It was a clear foul by Ford on the goalkeeper. 这明显是福特对守门员犯规。
He picked up his first booking for a 45th-minute foul on Bull. 他因为在比赛进行到第 45 分钟时对公牛队犯规而被第一次记名警告。
to hit a foul (= in baseball, a ball that is too far left or right, outside the lines that mark the side of the field)（美）（棒球）击球出界
a foul night 风雨交加的夜晚
This tastes foul. 这个味道很差。
