errand				差事
microcosm				缩影
inapt				不恰当的
decent							正派的，得体的，像样的
utility					实用，实用的，公共事业
sterling				英镑，出色的
ominous				不详的，威胁的
erect						直立的，建造，竖起
immigrant						移民
periphery				外围，次要位置
execute				执行，表演
arbitrary						武断的
interact					相互作用，交流
spectacular				壮观的，惊人的
layman					外行
rust				锈，生锈，荒废
elderly			上年纪的
the elderly		上年纪的人
prolong					延长
whereby			凭此，因此
jog				轻推，刺激，慢跑
persist				持续存在，坚持不懈
settle								飞落，沉降，安放，解决
hawk							鹰，推销
heritage		遗产
pad			软垫，便笺簿，住所，蹑手蹑脚的走
ongoing					持续的，发展中的
souvenir		纪念品
pastime		消遣
\\\\\\\\

n. [C]（为某人做的跑腿儿、捎信儿、采买、送货等）差事:
errand |[ˈerənd]
little, small errand 小差事 
simple errand 简单差事 
daily errand（尤美）日常差事 
last-minute errand 紧急任务 
She made her brother run some little errands for her. 他让弟弟帮他跑腿儿办些小事。
My boss kept sending me out on errands. 老板总是派我出去跑腿儿。
Her boss sent her on an errand into town. 老板派她进城办事去了。
She had a more urgent errand. 她有一个更加紧急的差事要办。
She's gone on an errand for her mother. 她替母亲办点儿事儿去了。
She was forever running errands for her housebound grandmother. 她总是在为她不方便外出的祖母跑前跑后。
Frank drifted into running dodgy errands for a seedy local villain. 弗兰克开始为当地一个下流的恶人跑腿儿做坏事。

A microcosm is a small society, place, or activity which has all the typical features of a much larger one and so seems like a smaller version of it. 社会的缩影
microcosm |英 ['maɪkrə(ʊ)kɒz(ə)m]  美 ['maɪkrokɑzəm]| n. 微观世界；小宇宙；作为宇宙缩影的人类；缩图（等于microcosmos）/
Kitchell says the city was a microcosm of all American culture during the '60s.基切尔说这个城市曾经是60年代所有美国文化的一个缩影。



inapt |英 [ɪn'æpt]  美 [ɪn'æpt]| adj. 不适当的；不熟练的，笨拙的/



adj. 1 在某种情况中为人们所接受的，如合宜的、适当的:
2 [非正式] 穿好了衣服因而适宜见人的:
adj. 1 在某种情况中为人们所接受的，即得体的:
2 [非正式] 穿好了衣服因而适宜见人的:
adj.（人或行为）正派的、公平的、待人有礼的:
adj. 在标准或品质上很好的、不错的:
decent |[ˈdi:snt]
She ought to have waited for a decent interval before getting married again. 她再次嫁人也应该适当等上一段时间。
But, after a decent interval, trade relations began to return to normal. 但是适当地间断一段时间后，贸易关系开始恢复正常。
He should do the decent thing and resign. 他应该识时务地辞职。
I can't go to the door─I'm not decent. 我不能去开门——我还没穿好衣服。
That dress isn't decent. 那件连衣裙不够雅观。
a decent burial 体面的葬礼 
She watched his face, as the coffin was lowered into the ground. As soon as it was decent, he plunged through the crowd towards the cars. 棺材慢慢放入墓穴时她一直注视着他的脸。礼仪许可的时间一到，他便挤过人群走向那些车子。
He should do the decent thing and resign. 他应该识时务地辞职。
I can't go to the door─I'm not decent. 我不能去开门——我还没穿好衣服。
ordinary, decent, hard-working people 勤劳、正派的普通人 
Everyone said he was a decent sort of guy. 人人都说他是个品行端正的小伙子。
The majority of people around here are decent people. 这里的大多数人都很正派。
The jury will see what a decent guy he is. 陪审团将会认识到他是一个多么正派的人。
decent meal（非正式）相对不错的饭菜 
decent job（非正式）相当不错的工作 
decent place to live（非正式）相当不错的住所 
Nearby is a village with a decent pub. 附近的村子里有一家还不错的酒馆。
I need a decent night's sleep. 我需要好好地睡上一夜。
He didn't get a decent explanation. 他没有得到一个像样的解释。
My aunt has been pretty decent to me 姑姑一直对我不错。

n. [U] [正式] 实用；有用:
adj. 多用途的；多功能的:
n. [C] [计算机] 实用程序:
n. [U] [正式] 实用；有用:
adj. 多用途的；多功能的:
n. [C] [尤美] 向公众提供服务的行业（如供电、供水、供气等行业）:
utility |[ju:ˈtɪləti]
Belief in the utility of higher education is shared by students nationwide. 全国的学生都相信高等教育是有用的。
He inwardly questioned the utility of his work. 他内心质疑自己的工作是否有用。
potential utility 潜在用途 
practical utility 实际用途 
clinical, military, social utility 临床应用；军事用途∶社会用途 
He argued that the arts have great social utility. 他认为艺术有很大的社会功用。
A number of researchers have demonstrated the utility of this approach. 许多研究人员演示了这种方法的用途。
This computer is of low utility for the home user. 这台计算机对家庭用户用处不大。
an all-round utility player (= one who can play equally well in several different positions in a sport) 全面型选手
Belief in the utility of higher education is shared by students nationwide. 全国的学生都相信高等教育是有用的。
He inwardly questioned the utility of his work. 他内心质疑自己的工作是否有用。
potential utility 潜在用途 
practical utility 实际用途 
clinical, military, social utility 临床应用；军事用途∶社会用途 
He argued that the arts have great social utility. 他认为艺术有很大的社会功用。
A number of researchers have demonstrated the utility of this approach. 许多研究人员演示了这种方法的用途。
This computer is of low utility for the home user. 这台计算机对家庭用户用处不大。
an all-round utility player (= one who can play equally well in several different positions in a sport) 全面型选手
municipal, public, state-owned utility 市政公用事业；公用事业；国有公用事业 
public utilities such as gas, electricity and phones 煤气、电和电话等公用事业 
the administration of public utilities 公共事业的管理 
investor-owned（美）, privatized utility 归投资者所有的公用事业；私营公用事业 
regulated utility 受到管制的公用事业 
large, major utility 大型公用设施；重大公共事业 
local utility 地方公共事业 
electric（美）, electrical, power, water 电力事业；供水服务 
a privatized power utility 私营电力服务 
utility company 公用事业公司 
utility bill（水、电、气等）公用事业费账单 
utility commission（美）公用事业委员会 
regulatory agencies such as public utility commissions 像公用事业委员会这样的管理机构

n. [U] 英镑（英国货币）:
adj. [正式] [常用于名词前]（人的品格或工作表现）优秀的、杰出的:
sterling |[ˈstɜ:lɪŋ;美ˈstɜ:rlɪŋ]
the value of sterling 英镑的价值 
You can be paid in pounds sterling or American dollars. 可以付你英镑，也可以付你美元。
The stamps had to be paid for in sterling. 这些邮票必须用英镑购买。
Those are sterling qualities to be admired in anyone. 那些是在任何人身上都值得敬佩的优秀品质。
his years of sterling service 他多年出色的工作表现 
He has done sterling work on the finance committee. 他在财务委员会工作优异。

ominously 不祥地
If you describe something as ominous, you mean that it worries you because it makes you think that something bad is going to happen. 不祥的
ominous |英 ['ɒmɪnəs]  美 ['ɑmɪnəs]| adj. 预兆的；不吉利的/
The bar seemed ominously quiet.那个酒吧似乎寂静得让人觉得不祥。
There was an ominous silence at the other end of the phone.电话那端是一阵不祥的沉默。


vt. [正式] 设置障碍:
vt. [正式] 建造建筑物；搭建帐篷:
vt. [正式] 创建机构；建立体制；创立理论:
adj.（阴茎或乳头）因性兴奋而勃起的、坚挺的:
adj. [正式] 垂直的；竖直的；直立的。相当于straight:
erect |[ɪˈrekt]
Police had to erect barriers to keep crowds back. 警察得设立路障来阻截人群。
Opposition demonstrators have erected barricades in roads leading to the parliament building. 反对派示威者已经在通往国会大厦的道路上设置了路障。
to erect trade barriers 设置贸易壁垒
The church was erected in 1582. 此教堂建于1582年。
the newly erected station buildings 新建的车站建筑 
An electric fence was erected around the campus. 校园四周安装了带电的围栏。
A large monument was erected on the battlefield. 战场上矗立起一座大型纪念碑。
to erect a tent 搭帐篷 
The event will take place in a specially erected marquee. 这个活动将在一个专门搭建的搭帐篷里举行。
Japanese proprietors are erecting a complex infrastructure of political influence throughout America. 日本商人正在美国各地建立复杂的、具有政治影响力的基础结构。
He erected a new doctrine of precedent. 他创立了一套新的判例原则。
He was standing perfectly erect. 他站得笔直。
Her head was erect and her back was straight. 她抬头挺胸。
Stand with your arms by your side and your head erect. 手放两边，昂首站立。
She held her head erect as she walked proudly up to the platform. 她昂着头自豪地走向讲台。
Stand reasonably erect, your arms hanging naturally. 挺身站直，双臂自然下垂。
He sat very erect, listening intently. 他坐得笔直，专心地听着。
Keep your trunk erect throughout the exercise. 在整个练习过程中都要挺直身躯。

n. [C] 外国来的移民:
immigrant |[ˈɪmɪgrənt]
immigrant communities, immigrant families, immigrant workers 侨民社区；移民家庭；移民劳工 
immigrant visas 移民签证 
illegal immigrants 非法移民 
the number of legal immigrants to the US 移居美国的合法移民数量 
foreign immigrant 外国移民 
Hispanic immigrant 西班牙移民 
Like many first-generation immigrants, they worked hard and saved most of their earnings. 和许多第一代移民一样，他们辛苦工作并把赚到的钱大部分都存起来。
These were working-class immigrants, mainly from rural parts of Mexico. 这些移民都是劳动阶层，主要来自墨西哥乡村地区。
poor immigrants from Latin American countries 来自拉丁美洲国家的贫困移民 
The government is eager to attract skilled immigrants. 政府渴望吸引有一技之长的移民。
These factors attracted new immigrants. 这些因素吸引了新的移民。
She was the daughter of Chinese immigrants to America. 她父母是移居美国的中国侨民。

n. 1 [usually sing.] [正式] 区域的外部边缘，即外围、周边:
2 [usually sing.] [正式] 次要部分（如活动的次要部分、社会或政治群体的次要部分、学科或兴趣的次要部分）:
n. [usually sing.] [正式] 次要部分（如活动的次要部分、社会或政治群体的次要部分、学科或兴趣的次要部分）:
periphery |[pəˈrɪfəri]
industrial development on the periphery of the town 城镇周边地区工业的发展 
Geographically, the UK is on the periphery of Europe, while Paris is at the heart of the continent. 从地理位置上讲，英国处于欧洲边缘，而巴黎却位于欧洲大陆的中心位置。
Taste buds are concentrated at the tip and rear of the tongue and around its periphery. 味蕾集中于舌尖、舌根和舌头两侧。
The condition makes it difficult for patients to see objects at the periphery of their vision. 这种病症使患者难于看见视觉边缘的物体。
minor parties on the periphery of American politics 处于美国政治边缘的小党派 
The sociological study of religion moved from the centre to the periphery of sociology. 宗教的社会学研究从社会学的中心学科变成了边缘学科。
minor parties on the periphery of American politics 处于美国政治边缘的小党派 
The sociological study of religion moved from the centre to the periphery of sociology. 宗教的社会学研究从社会学的中心学科变成了边缘学科。          

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (for sth) 杀死某人，尤指依法处死:
vt. [正式] 执行一项任务、实行或实施一项计划等:
vt. [正式] 成功地完成一个（高难度的）技巧或动作:
vt. [法律] 执行法令；使法律文件生效:
vt. [正式] 制作一件艺术品:
execute |[ˈeksɪkju:t]
He was executed for treason. 他因叛国罪被处死。
The prisoners were executed by firing squad. 这些犯人已由行刑队枪决。
He was executed by lethal injection earlier today. 他于今天早些时候被注射处死。
He was executed as a martyr to his Catholic faith. 他因为信仰天主教而被处决成了殉道者。
innocent people who are wrongly executed 被错误处死的无辜的人们 
One group claimed to have executed the American hostage. 一个组织声称已经处决了那名美国人质。
The crime was very cleverly executed. 这一犯罪活动实施得非常巧妙。
The second goal was superbly executed. 第二个目标完成得很出色。
a carefully executed and well-presented study 一项精心进行并给出出色汇报的研究 
I swear that I will faithfully executed the office of President of the United States. 我宣誓我会竭尽忠诚地履行美国总统的职责。
Check that the computer has executed your commands. 检查一下计算机是否已执行指令。
They drew up and executed a plan to reduce fuel consumption. 他们制订并实施了一项降低燃料消耗的计划。
We are going to execute our campaign plan to the letter. 我们将严格施行我们的竞选计划。
The pilot executed a perfect landing. 飞行员完成了一个非常娴熟的着陆动作。
I executed the hairpin turn high on the sheer western face of the mountains. 我在山脉西侧陡峭的高处成功地急转弯。
The landing was skilfully executed. 熟练地完成了着陆。
The movement was beautifully executed. 动作完成得很漂亮。
duly execute（英）按时执行 
The agreement had been duly executed. 这份协议已经如期执行。
Picasso also executed several landscapes at Horta de San Juan. 毕加索还在奥尔塔─德圣胡安画了几幅风景画。
a well-executed shot of a tall ship 优秀的高桅横帆船摄影作品

adj.（一个行动、决定、规则等）任意的，武断的，随心所欲的:
adj. 无限制地运用权力的，或运用权力时不考虑他人的，即专制的，专横的，霸道的，是一种正式用法，如:
arbitrary |['ɑːbɪtrərɪ]['ɑːbɪtrərɪ]
The choice of players for the team seemed completely arbitrary. 看来这个队的队员完全是随意选定的。
He makes arbitrary decisions. 他做的决定主观武断。
the arbitrary powers of officials 官员的专制权力

vi. ~ (with sb)（两个事物）相互影响、相互作用:
vi. ~ (with sb)（尤指在与某人工作、玩耍、相互陪伴的过程中）与其沟通、交流、合作:
vi. ~ (with sb)（人与计算机或计算机与其他机器之间）交互、互动:
interact |[ˌɪntərˈækt]
Perfume interacts with the skin's natural chemicals. 香水和皮肤的天然化学物质相互作用。
You have to understand how cells interact. 你必须明白细胞是怎样相互作用的。
This hormone interacts closely with other hormones in the body. 这种荷尔蒙和体内的其他荷尔蒙有着密切的相互作用。
Atoms within the fluid interact with the minerals that form the grains. 液体中的原子与形成颗粒的矿物质相互作用。
Teachers have a limited amount of time to interact with each child. 教师和每个孩子沟通的时间有限。
He interacts very well with other children. 他和其他孩子交往得很好。
While the other children interacted and played together, Ted ignored them. 当别的孩子相互交流、一起玩耍的时候，泰德对他们不予理睬。
rhymes and songs to help parents interact with their babies 帮助父母与婴儿进行互动的童谣与歌曲 
Millions of people want new, simplified ways of interacting with a computer. 数以百万计的人们想要新的简化方式实现人机交互。
There will be a true global village in which telephones, computers and televisions interact. 将会出现一个电话、电脑、电视互动的真正的地球村。
These devices allow the robot to physically interact with its environment. 这些装置使得机器人能够与周围环境互动。

adj. 壮观的、壮丽的、令人惊叹的。相当于breathtaking:
n. [C] 壮观的场面；盛大精彩的表演:
spectacular |[spekˈtækjələ(r)]
spectacular scenery 壮丽的景色 
The waterfall is truly spectacular. 瀑布真的很壮观。
spectacular views of the Sugar Loaf Mountain 甜面包山的壮观景色 
They have revamped the business with spectacular success. 他们成功地调整了业务，成绩斐然。
Vieira scored a spectacular goal. 维埃拉攻进了一个精彩入球。
It was a spectacular achievement on their part. 这是他们取得的一项了不起的成就。
a Christmas TV spectacular 精彩的圣诞节电视节目 
a television spectacular 一场电视盛宴 
one of the world's great sporting spectaculars 世界上最壮观的体育盛事之一

A layman is a person who is not trained, qualified, or experienced in a particular subject or activity. 外行人
layman |英 ['leɪmən]  美 ['lemən]| n. 外行；门外汉；俗人；一般信徒/n. (Layman)人名；(英)莱曼/
The mere mention of the words "heart failure" can conjure up, to the layman, the prospect of imminent death.一提到“心力衰竭”几个字，外行人就会想到立即死亡。


n. [U] 铁锈色，如赭色、深褐色:
n. [U] 金属生的锈、铁锈:
vt.&vi.（使）生锈:
n. [U]（植物的）锈病，锈菌:
rust |[rʌst]
turquoise woodwork with accent colours of rust and ochre 主色调为深褐色和赭色的青绿色木制品 
a rust-coloured blouse 深褐色的上衣 
a rust-coloured dress 深褐色连衣裙
pipes covered with rust 生了锈的管子 
The lock was covered with rust. 锁生锈了。
a decaying tractor, red with rust 锈迹斑斑的破拖拉机 
Manufacturers are looking into building cars out of plastic to avoid the problem of rust. 制造商们正研究如何用塑料制造车辆，以避免生锈。
rust spot, rust stain 锈斑；锈迹 
rust remover 除锈剂 
rust belt（= a region where many factories have closed）（尤美）锈带（工业衰退地区）
old rusting farming implements 生锈的旧农具 
Brass doesn't rust. 黄铜不生锈。
Water had got in and rusted the engine. 发动机进水生锈了。
Copper nails are better than iron nails because the iron rusts. 铜钉比铁钉好，因为铁会生锈。
There was an old rusting bolt on the door. 门上有一个生锈的旧门闩。
The car had been rusting away in his garage for years. 汽车长年放在他的车库里已经锈蚀不堪。

The elderly are people who are old. 老年人
You use elderly as a polite way of saying that someone is old. 上年纪的
elderly |英 ['eldəlɪ]  美 ['ɛldɚli]| adj. 上了年纪的；过了中年的；稍老的/
The elderly are a formidable force in any election.老年人在任何选举中都是一股强大的力量。
There was an elderly couple on the terrace.露台上有一对上年纪的老人。


vt. 延长某事的时间:
prolong |[prəˈlɒŋ;美-ˈlɔ:ŋ;-ˈlɑ:ŋ]
Might it be possible to prolong life indefinitely? 有可能无限延长寿命吗? 
The operation could prolong his life by two or three years. 这次手术可使他多活两三年。
Doctors commented that some patients deliberately prolong their treatment. 医生说有些病人故意延长治疗时间。
The actual action of the drug can be prolonged significantly. 这种药物实际起作用的时间可以大大延长。
We do not want to prolong the meeting unnecessarily.我们不想不必要地延长开会时间。
Mr Chesler said foreign military aid was prolonging the war. 切斯勒先生说国外的军事援助拉长了战事。
Don't prolong the agony (= of not knowing sth) ─just tell us who won! 别卖关子了——快说谁赢了！

A system or action whereby something happens is one that makes that thing happen. 凭借
whereby |英 [weə'baɪ]  美 [wɛr'bai]| adv. 凭借；通过…；借以；与…一致/
The company operates an arrangement whereby employees may select any 8-hour period between 6 a.m. to 8 p.m. to go to work.该公司做出了一种安排，据此员工可以在上午6点到晚上8点之间任意选择8个小时去上班。


vt. 轻击、轻撞、轻推等（常是偶然地），相当于nudge:
n. [sing.] 轻击、轻撞、轻推等（常是偶然的），相当于nudge:
vi. 慢跑（尤指为锻炼身体）:
n. [C] 慢跑（尤指为锻炼）:
jog |[dӡɒɡ]
to jog her elbow 轻轻碰一下她的胳膊肘儿 
Avoid jogging the machine. 不要碰那台机器。
He goes jogging every morning. 他每天早上都慢跑锻炼。
to jog in place（美）
She was jogging on the spot to keep warm.（尤英）她原地慢跑以取暖。
slow jog 慢跑 
morning jog 清晨的慢跑锻炼 
He goes for a brisk jog each morning. 他每天早晨都进行轻快的慢跑锻炼。

vi.（不喜欢的事物）继续存在:
~ (with sth) 尽管有困难和反对，仍然近乎顽固地继续做某事，如顽强地坚持、执着地做:
persist |[pəˈsɪst;美pərˈs-]
If the symptoms persist, consult your doctor. 如果症状持续不消除，就得去看医生。
Contact your doctor if the cough persists. 如果还是咳嗽就去看医生。
This situation cannot be allowed to persist. 不能容许这种情形持续下去了。
Drought conditions continue to persist from Maine to Georgia. 从缅因州到佐治亚州旱情仍在持续。
The trade network persisted in spite of the political chaos. 尽管政治混乱，贸易网络仍持续着。
the problems that persisted during the three-day conference 在为期三天的会议召开期间仍然持续着的麻烦 
The depression persisted through much of the 1930s. 20世纪30年代的大部分时间都是经济萧条时期。
These problems persisted for much of the decade. 这些问题在那10年的大部分时间里一直存在。
The condition almost always persists beyond childhood. 这种情况几乎总是持续到童年之后。
The snows persisted until the second month of the new year. 雪一直下到第二年的二月。
a belief that persists to this day 存留至今的信念 
These practices persisted into the Middle Ages. 这些做法一直延续到中世纪。           
vt.&vi. ~ (in sth/in doing sth) 
She persisted in her search for the truth. 她执著地追求真理。
He persisted with his questioning. 他问个不停。
‘So, did you agree or not? ’ he persisted. “那么你同意了没有？”他叮问道。
The detective stubbornly persisted with his questions. 侦探执意继续问他的问题。
If you persist in upsetting her, I will have to punish you. 如果你继续烦她，我就只好惩罚你了。
Why do you persist in blaming yourself for what happened? 你何必为已发生的事没完没了地自责？
Why does Britain persist in running down its defence forces? 为什么英国要坚持消减其军事防御力量？
He urged the United States to persist with its efforts to bring about peace. 他敦促美国继续进行和平斡旋。

vt.＆vi. 结束一场争论或争端；解决分歧或纠纷。是“解决”的常规用词:
vt. 最终决定某事:
vi. 在一个组织内安定下来:
vt. 把某事物放置在某个地方（使其不移动），即安放:
vt.＆vi. settle (back) 使自己或其他人向下处于一个舒服的新位置:
vt. 最终安排某事:
vt.＆vi. 平静或放松；使…平静或放松:
n. [C] 座位较长，椅背较高的一种老式木质扶手椅（其座位下常有一个匣子用于储物）:
vi. 在某地长期安家，即定居:
vt.＆vi.（一批人）作为殖民者而在一个国家或地区定居:
vt.＆vi. 慢慢下沉；使…慢慢下沉。但该过程常有一个下限（即一般最终会静止于某处）:
vi. settle (on/over sth) 从上面落下来并停留在某事物上；在某事物上停留一段时间:
settle (up) (with sb) 付给所欠的钱，即结账。强调用金钱来解决麻烦:
settle |['setl]
to settle dispute, to settle argument, to settle difference, to settle conflict 解决争端；解决争论；解决分歧；解决冲突 
to settle out of court 庭外和解 
The matter has not yet been finally settled. 事情还没有最终解决。
It’s all settled--we’re leaving on the nine o’clock plane. 一切都定下来了——我们乘九点的航班走。
Bob will be there? That settles it. I’m not coming. 鲍勃会去吗？那好，我就不去了。
The kids settled happily into their new school. 孩子们愉快地融入了他们的新学校。
She settled the blanket around her knees. 她用毯子裹住膝盖。
He settled back in her seat. 他舒服地靠着椅背坐下。
to settle down 坐下 
I settled her on the sofa and put a blanket over her. 我把她放在沙发上安顿好，给她盖了一条毯子。
He had to settle his affairs in Paris before he could return home. 他得把他在巴黎的事情料理好才能回家。
The baby wouldn’t settle. 婴儿安静不下来。
She kept fussing around, refusing to let him settle. 她不停地在边上瞎捣腾，就是不让他清静。
He was anxious and couldn’t settle. 他焦急万分，不能平静。
I took a pill to help settle my nerves. 我吃了片药，以使自己平静下来。
This should settle your stomach. 这样你的胃应该就不难受了。
He has now settled permanently in London. 他现已在伦敦永久定居。
She felt she wasn’t yet ready to settle down. 她觉得自己还没有准备好安顿下来。
They prepared to settle in for the night. 他们准备安顿下来过夜。
This region was settled by the Dutch in the nineteenth century. 荷兰人于十九世纪来到这一地区定居。
a fertile area that was densely settled in early times 早期人口稠密的肥沃地区
The contents of the package may have settled in transit. 包裹里的东西可能在运输途中摇密实了。
Dust had settled on everything. 到处落满灰尘。
Two birds settled on the fence. 两只鸟落在篱笆上。
I don’t think the snow will settle. 我看这雪积不住。
His gaze settled on her face. 他的目光落在她的脸上。
vt.＆vi. settle sth 
Please settle your bill before leaving the hotel. 请您先结账再离开旅馆。
The insurance company is refusing to settle her claim. 保险公司拒付她提出的索赔款项。
Let me settle with you for the meal. 我来把饭费付给你。
I’ll pay now--we can settle up later. 现在我来付账——咱们以后再算。

n. [C] 鹰；隼:
vt. 用力咳痰:
vt. 沿街叫卖（或通过敲每家的门来推销）:
vt.（竭力）推销，兜售（这种推销方式让人有压迫感，因而令人反感）:
n. [C]（尤指政治领域的）鹰派分子、主战分子（倾向于用武力解决问题）:
hawk |[hɔ:k]
The hawk swooped low over the field. 雄鹰猛地一个俯冲，低低地掠过田野。
He waited, watching his prisoner like a hawk.（比喻用法）他等待着，像鹰一般注视着他的俘虏。
He hawked and spat. 他用力咳了咳，吐了口痰。
vendors hawking trinkets 沿街兜售小饰品的小贩 
Developers will be hawking cut-price flats and houses. 开发商会竭力推销减价的公寓和房子。
Both hawks and doves have expanded their conditions for ending the war. 鹰派和鸽派都充分阐明了各自的停战条件。

n. [usually sing.] 国家或社会长期形成的历史、传统和特色，如（历史）遗产:
n. [usually sing.] 国家或社会长期形成的历史、传统和特色，如（历史）遗产:
heritage |[ˈherɪtɪdʒ]
The building is part of our national heritage. 这个建筑是我们民族遗产的一部分。
The historic building is as much part of our heritage as the paintings. 这座历史建筑和这些画一样，都是留给我们的文化遗产的一部分。
the rich heritage of Russian folk music 俄罗斯民间音乐的丰富遗产 
natural heritage 自然遗产 
Folk songs are part of our common heritage. 民歌是我们共同遗产的一部分。
ancient heritage 古老的遗产 
architectural, artistic, cultural, historic, historical, industrial, literary, maritime, musical, religious, spiritual heritage 建筑遗产；艺术遗产；文化遗产；历史遗产；史学遗产；工业遗产；文学遗产；海洋遗产；音乐遗产；宗教遗产；精神遗产 
Spain's rich cultural heritage 西班牙丰富的文化遗产 
ethnic, racial heritage 民族遗产；种族传统 
A third of the country's population is of mixed racial heritage. 这个国家三分之一的人口是异族通婚的后代。
African，Jewish heritage 非洲的遗产；犹太人的遗产 
biological, family, genetic heritage 生物遗传；家庭传承；基因遗传 
The city has an exceptionally rich heritage of historic buildings. 这座城市有着非常丰富的古建筑遗产。
the 40 million or so Americans who claim an Irish heritage 声称具有爱尔兰血统的大约4，000万美国人 
an organization whose aim is to protect our heritage of wild plants 旨在保护我们的野生植物遗产的组织 
I will not abandon my religious heritage. 我不会放弃我的宗教传统。
The performance shows how African Americans celebrate their heritage. 这个表演展示了非洲裔美国人是如何颂扬自己的传统的。
She made a conscious attempt to explore her Jewish heritage. 她有意识地探索自己继承的犹太人传统。
It's a family-run business that traces its heritage back to 1884. 这是个可以追溯到1884年的家族企业。
heritage attraction（英）, heritage building（尤英）, heritage centre/center, heritage museum, heritage park, heritage site 历史名胜；古迹建筑；遗产中心；遗产博物馆；民俗公园；遗产所在地 
heritage trail, heritage walk（英）古迹追寻；古迹徒步观光 
heritage tourism 古迹观光 
heritage industry 遗产产业 
heritage language 继承语 
heritage conservation, heritage preservation（尤美）, heritage protection 遗产保护 
heritage status 遗产地位 
The site has UNESCO World Heritage status. 这个遗址是联合国教科文组织确认的世界文化遗产。
The building is part of our national heritage. 这个建筑是我们民族遗产的一部分。
The historic building is as much part of our heritage as the paintings. 这座历史建筑和这些画一样，都是留给我们的文化遗产的一部分。
the rich heritage of Russian folk music 俄罗斯民间音乐的丰富遗产 
natural heritage 自然遗产 
Folk songs are part of our common heritage. 民歌是我们共同遗产的一部分。
ancient heritage 古老的遗产 
architectural, artistic, cultural, historic, historical, industrial, literary, maritime, musical, religious, spiritual heritage 建筑遗产；艺术遗产；文化遗产；历史遗产；史学遗产；工业遗产；文学遗产；海洋遗产；音乐遗产；宗教遗产；精神遗产 
Spain's rich cultural heritage 西班牙丰富的文化遗产 
ethnic, racial heritage 民族遗产；种族传统 
A third of the country's population is of mixed racial heritage. 这个国家三分之一的人口是异族通婚的后代。
African，Jewish heritage 非洲的遗产；犹太人的遗产 
biological, family, genetic heritage 生物遗传；家庭传承；基因遗传 
The city has an exceptionally rich heritage of historic buildings. 这座城市有着非常丰富的古建筑遗产。
the 40 million or so Americans who claim an Irish heritage 声称具有爱尔兰血统的大约4，000万美国人 
an organization whose aim is to protect our heritage of wild plants 旨在保护我们的野生植物遗产的组织 
I will not abandon my religious heritage. 我不会放弃我的宗教传统。
The performance shows how African Americans celebrate their heritage. 这个表演展示了非洲裔美国人是如何颂扬自己的传统的。
She made a conscious attempt to explore her Jewish heritage. 她有意识地探索自己继承的犹太人传统。
It's a family-run business that traces its heritage back to 1884. 这是个可以追溯到1884年的家族企业。
heritage attraction（英）, heritage building（尤英）, heritage centre/center, heritage museum, heritage park, heritage site 历史名胜；古迹建筑；遗产中心；遗产博物馆；民俗公园；遗产所在地 
heritage trail, heritage walk（英）古迹追寻；古迹徒步观光 
heritage tourism 古迹观光 
heritage industry 遗产产业 
heritage language 继承语 
heritage conservation, heritage preservation（尤美）, heritage protection 遗产保护 
heritage status 遗产地位 
The site has UNESCO World Heritage status. 这个遗址是联合国教科文组织确认的世界文化遗产。

n. [C] 用于刷锅、清洁…表面等的小块粗糙材料，如百洁布:
vi. 用轻快的脚步行走，如蹑手蹑脚地走:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sth (with sth) 用一层柔软的材料填充到某事物里（或放在该事物中）起保护作用，或使其更厚，或为改变其形状:
n. [C] 吸收液体、保洁或保护用的一层厚厚的柔软材料:
n. [C]（尤指睡莲等水生植物的）大大的扁平的叶子:
n. [C] 动物（如猫、狗等）脚底的肉垫:
n. [C] 人的指头肚儿:
n. [C] 吸收液体、保洁或保护用的一层厚厚的柔软材料:
n. [usually pl.]（体育运动中起保护作用的一层厚厚的）防护垫（如护腿、护肘等）:
vt. [美] 虚报（账目）、做假账（以获取更多的钱）:
n. [C] 便笺本:
n. [usually sing.] [旧时用法，非正式] 某人的住所，尤指公寓:
n. [C] 航天飞机或直升机起飞或降落用的一个扁平的平台，如发射台、（直升机的）停机坪:
pad |[pæd]
a scouring pad 百洁布
She padded across the room to the window. 她蹑手蹑脚地穿过屋子走到窗前。
Freddy speaks very quietly and pads around in soft velvet slippers. 弗蕾迪说话轻声细气，穿着柔软的天鹅绒拖鞋蹑手蹑脚地四处走动。
He padded around in his socks eating cereal. 他穿着袜子走来走去，一边还吃着麦片。
She padded softly around the house. 她围着房子轻轻地走来走去。
He padded barefoot across the carpet. 他赤脚轻轻走过地毯。
a dog padding through the streets 轻步快速穿过街道的狗 
The cat padded silently along the track. 猫沿着小路悄然无声地行走。
All the sharp corners were padded with foam. 所有的棱角都垫上了泡沫塑料。
The shoulder straps are padded with foam. 肩带加了泡沫塑料衬垫。
a padded jacket 有夹层的外套 
a padded envelope (= for sending delicate objects) 有垫料层的封套 
Pad the back of a car seat with a pillow. 用枕头垫一下汽车坐椅靠背。
I can tell you I always padded my bras. 我可以告诉你我的内衣一直装衬垫的。
She was wearing a warm coat and heavily padded gloves. 她穿着一件暖和的外套，戴着厚厚的手套。
medicated cleansing pads for sensitive skin 敏感皮肤药物清洗棉 
thick pad厚垫 
adhesive pad 粘合垫 
cotton（美）, cotton-wool（英）, foam, gauze, gel, rubber pad 棉花软垫；药棉软垫；泡沫软垫；纱布软垫；凝胶软垫；橡胶软垫 
He withdrew the needle and placed a pad of cotton-wool over the spot. 他把针头拔出，在扎针处按了一块药棉。
polishing, scouring, steel-wool pad 抛光布；清洗巾；钢丝棉擦 
menstrual（尤美）, sanitary pad 月经垫；卫生巾 
incontinence pad（尤英）（大小便失禁病人用的）护理垫 
mattress, sleeping pad（均美）床垫；睡垫 
mouse pad（尤美）（英式英语通常用mouse mat）鼠标垫 
Every computer user should have a good mouse pad. 每一个计算机使用者都应该有一个好的鼠标垫。
floating lily pads 睡莲的浮叶
Tap your cheeks all over with the pads of your fingers. 用手指肚儿轻拍脸颊一遍。
medicated cleansing pads for sensitive skin 敏感皮肤药物清洗棉 
cotton（美）, cotton-wool（英）, foam, gauze, gel, rubber pad 棉花软垫；药棉软垫；泡沫软垫；纱布软垫；凝胶软垫；橡胶软垫 
He withdrew the needle and placed a pad of cotton-wool over the spot. 他把针头拔出，在扎针处按了一块药棉。
menstrual（尤美）, sanitary pad 月经垫；卫生巾 
incontinence pad（尤英）（大小便失禁病人用的）护理垫 
to pad bills accounts, to pad expense accounts 在账单上做手脚；在开支账上做手脚
memo pad, note pad（通常用notepad）, scratch pad（美）记事簿；便笺本 
drawing, sketch pad 绘图薄；素描簿 
writing pad 便笺本 
prescription pad 处方笺 
She doodled on a pad as she spoke. 她一边说话一边在拍纸簿上乱涂乱画。
She wrote on a pad of paper. 她写在了便笺簿上。
Have a pad and pencil ready and jot down some of your thoughts. 准备好铅笔和便笺簿，把你的一些想法记下来。
I moved on round the big house to reach my pad. 我绕过大房子走向我的公寓。
It wouldn't have occurred to me to get myself a bachelor pad. 否则我不会想到给自己找一套单身公寓。
a little round helicopter pad 小型圆形直升机停机坪 
a landing pad on the back of the ship 船尾的停机坪

continuing; still in progress:继续;仍在进行中
ongoing |ˈɒnɡəʊɪŋ| Adjective/:进行中,正在进行
ongoing negotiations:

n. [C] 为使自己想起（或保持记忆）一个地方、一个场合或假期而买下来的一个东西，即纪念品；度假时买回来送人的东西。相当于memento:
souvenir |['su:vənɪə]
I bought the ring as a souvenir of Greece. 我买了一枚戒指，留作对希腊的纪念。
a souvenir shop 纪念品商店

n. [C] 消遣或休闲活动:
pastime |[ˈpɑ:staɪm;美ˈpæs-]
His favourite pastime is golf. 他最喜欢的消遣是打高尔夫。
Eating out is the national pastime in France.下馆子吃饭是全法国人的消遣方式。
Fighting is a popular pastime among some of the town's boys. 对镇上的一些男孩来说，打架是常见的消遣。
Fishing is an enjoyable pastime for people of all ages. 钓鱼是各个年龄段的人都喜欢的消遣。     
