promote							晋升，促进，推销
appreciate						感激，意识到，欣赏，升值
motto									座右铭
toddle			蹒跚行走，闲逛
feud				世仇，夙愿
census			调查，统计
archaic			古代的，过时的
dissolve					使溶解，解除，破灭，解散
carrier							运输公司，运输工具
cue				暗示，榜样，球杆
impromptu			即兴的
amaze								使大为惊奇
weary			疲惫的，倦怠
assurance			保证，自信，保险
automation		自动化
undertake							承担，从事
pessimism			悲观情绪
proxy			代理人
heal				治愈，减轻，纠正
stale							不新鲜的，厌倦的
destructive				破坏性的，消极的
pounce			猛扑，一下抓住
deliver						递送，移交，发表，履行
defy									反抗，激，使不可能
delegate			委托，委派，授权，代表
evade					逃脱，逃避
hilarious			极其滑稽的
septic			化脓的
pave						铺
roar			咆哮，大喊
\\\\\\\\

vt. promote sb (from sth) (to sth)，常用被动式，（职位）晋升。是此义的常规用词，与demote相反:
vt. 促使某事发生或发展，即促进，推动，相当于encourage。是此义的常规用词:
vt. promote sth (from sth) (to sth)，将体育运动队晋级，反义词为relegate:
vt. promote sth (as sth) 促销，推销产品、服务等:
promote |[prə'məʊt]
He has been promoted to sales manager 他已晋升为销售经理。
to promote awareness of environmental issues 提高环保意识 
to promote economic growth 促进经济增长 
to promote commitment to the company 提高对公司的忠诚度 
to promote the violence 助长暴力 
Basketball stars have helped promote the sport overseas. 篮球明星们帮助推动了篮球运动在海外的发展。
They were promoted to the First Division last season. 他们上个赛季晋升为甲级队。
The company are heavily promoting this new product. 该公司正大力推销这款新产品。
The area is being promoted as a tourist destination. 该地区正被推广为旅游景点。

vt. 欣赏（某人或某事物的好品质）。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
vt. 对某人所做的某事表示感激；欢迎某事（其宾语是事情）。相对正式:
vt. 理解、领会（真实的东西），相当于realize:
vi.（经过一段时间而）价值上升，即升值，增值，与depreciate相反:
vt. 意识到（真实的东西），相当于realize:
vt. 知道（真实的东西）:
appreciate |[ə'pri:ʃɪeɪt]
to appreciate literature 欣赏文学作品 
to appreciate music 欣赏音乐 
His talents are not fully appreciated in that company. 他的才干在那家公司未受到充分赏识。
Her family doesn’t appreciate her. 她的家人不重视她。
Teachers will especially appreciate the lists at the back of the book. 老师会特别关注书后面的列表。
We do really appreciate your help. 我们对您的帮助深表感谢。
Your support is greatly appreciated. 十分感谢您的支持。
I would appreciate it if you paid in cash. 假如您用现金付款的话，我会不胜感激。
We would appreciate you letting us know of any problems. 如有任何问题，请告诉我们。
I don’t appreciate being treated like a second-class citizen. 我不愿被人当作二等公民。
I fully appreciate your concern. We will do all in our power to help. 我完全能体会你的担心。我们将尽全力帮忙。
The problems should be easily appreciated. 这些问题应该很容易理解。
Their investments have appreciated over the years. 他们的投资这些年来已经增值。
What I failed to appreciate was the distance between the two cities. 我没有意识到这两座城市间的距离。
We didn’t fully appreciate that he was seriously ill. 我们没有充分认识到他的病情很严重。
It is generally appreciated that the rail network needs a complete overhaul. 众所周知，铁路网需要彻底检修。
I don’t think you appreciate how expensive it will be. 我想你不知道它会有多昂贵。

n. [C] 一则简短的句子或短语，该句子或短语表达了某个人、某个群体或某个机构等的目标和信念，并被作为一条行为准则，可称为座右铭，格言或箴言等:
motto |['mɒtəʊ]
company（尤英）, family, school（尤英）motto 公司信条；家训；校训 
“Stay true to yourself” has always been his motto.“忠于自己”一直是他的座右铭。
to coin a motto 创造一句格言

When a child toddles, it walks unsteadily with short quick steps. 蹒跚学步
toddle |英 ['tɒd(ə)l]  美 ['tɑdl]| n. 东倒西歪的走路；刚学走步的小孩/vi. 蹒跚学步；东倒西歪地走；散步/
She fell while toddling around.她在蹒跚学步时摔倒了。
...once your baby starts toddling....一旦你的小孩开始蹒跚学步。


vi. ~ (with sb) 与某人（或某群人）长期不和、争吵不休、世代结仇:
~ (over sb/sth)（两个人或两群人之间的）长期不和；争吵不休；世仇；夙怨:
feud |[fju:d]
He feuded with his ex-wife. 他和前妻积怨已久。
Their families had feuded since their teenage daughters quarrelled two years ago. 自从两家十几岁的女儿两年前吵了一架，两家人就结下了仇。
~ (with sb) 
long, long-running, long-standing, old feud 世仇；宿怨；旧怨 
ongoing feud 继续存在的宿仇 
bitter feud 不共戴天的世仇 
bloody feud 血仇 
petty feud 芥蒂 
blood feud 血亲复仇 
Blood feuds added to the local crime rate. 家族血仇增加了当地的犯罪率。
family, internecine, personal, private feud 家族恩怨；内部世仇；个人恩怨；私人恩怨 
a long-standing family feud 长期的血亲复仇 
public feud 公众的仇恨 
The incident started a family feud. 这个事件引发了家族世仇。
a time to settle old feuds 解决旧怨的时机 
the feuds between rival companies 相互竞争的公司之间的争端 
They had a long-running feud over money. 他们因钱的问题长期不和。
his personal feud with the city authorities 他个人与市政当局的恩怨 
a long-running feud between the two artists 两个艺术家之间的夙怨 
a feud with the neighbours 与邻不睦 
a long and bitter feud between the state government and the villagers 州政府和村民间的久积深怨

n. [C] 官方的统计，尤指一国的人口普查:
census |[ˈsensəs]
decennial census 十年一次的人口普查 
population census 人口普查 
A national census is taken every ten years. 每十年进行一次全国人口普查。
census data, census figures, census records, census results, census statistics 人口普查数据；人口普查数字；人口普查记录；人口普查结果；人口普查统计数字 
census form, census questionnaire, census return 人口普查表格；人口普查问卷；人口普查（统计）报表 
census tract（美）人口普查地段 
census bureau（美）人口普查局 
census taker（尤美）人口普查员 
the questions asked in the census 人口普查使用的问题          

adj. 来自古代的:
adj. 1（事物）极其古老的，已不通用的:
2（法律、制度、传统、做法、样式等）早已过时的、旧式的。相当于outdated:
archaic |[ɑ:ˈkeɪɪk;美ɑ:rˈk-]
archaic art 古代艺术
‘Thou art ’ is an archaic form of ‘you are ’. thou art是you are的古体。
archaic word 古语词 
archaic laws that are very seldom used 已很少采用的过时法律 
The system is archaic and unfair and needs changing. 这个制度早已过时而且不公平，需要改变。
archaic tradition 古老的传统 
Archaic practices such as these are usually put forward by people of limited outlook. 视野狭隘的人通常会提出类似于这些的陈腐做法。

vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (away)（尤指以化学手段）破坏某事物；被以上述手段破坏:
vt. 解散（团体或机构）:
vt. 解散议会:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (away)（尤指以化学手段）除去某事物:
vi. ~ into laughter, tears, etc. 突然开始笑、哭等:
vt.&vi.（使）消失、消散:
vt. 解除（婚姻关系）；终止（商业协议）:
vi. ~ (in sth)（固体）溶解于液体中:
vt. ~ sth (in sth) 使（固体）溶解于液体中:
dissolve |[dɪˈzɒlv;美-ˈzɑ:lv]
All the original calcium had dissolved away. 所有原始钙都被破坏了。
The committee has been dissolved. 委员会已经解散了。
The King agreed to dissolve the present commission. 国王同意解散目前的委员会。
The civilian government was effectively dissolved. 文官政府实际上已经垮台。
The election was announced and parliament was dissolved. 宣布选举后，议会解散了。
The present assembly will be dissolved on April 30th. 现在的议会将于4月30日解散。
Kaifu threatened to dissolve the Parliament and call an election. 卡夫威胁要解散议会并举行选举。
a new detergent that dissolves stains 新型去污洗涤剂
When the teacher looked up, the children dissolved into giggles. 教师抬头看时，孩子们不禁格格笑起来。
Every time she heard his name, she dissolved into tears. 每当听到他的名字时，她都禁不住泪流满面。
When the ambulance had gone, the crowd dissolved. 救护车离开后人群便散了。
His new-found optimism dissolved. 他刚刚萌生的乐观情绪消失了。
Lenny still could not dissolve the nagging lump of tension in his chest. 莱尼仍不能消除令他不安的紧张感。
His calm response dissolved her anger. 他平静的回答化解了她的怒气。
The marriage was dissolved in 1976. 这段婚姻于1976年结束。
Their marriage was formally dissolved last year.去年他们正式解除了婚姻关系。
Salt dissolves in water. 盐溶于水。
Heat gently until the sugar dissolves. 慢慢加热直到糖溶解为止。
The aspirin hasn't dissolved completely yet. 阿司匹林还没有完全溶解。
The limestone has simply dissolved away. 石灰石就这么溶解掉了。
Dissolve the tablet in water. 把药片溶于水中。
Dissolve the sugar in water，把糖放在水里溶解。
Dissolve the salt in a little boiled water. 将盐溶解在少许开水中。

n. [C] [英] 纸质或塑料的购物袋，相当于carrier bag:
n. [C] 携带病源的人或动物，会将疾病传染给其他人或动物，但本身不受感染:
n. 1 [C] 运输公司，尤指经营空运的运输公司:
2 [C] 提供电话、互联网或保险服务的公司:
n. 1 [C] 军用交通工具，如军用船只，用以运送士兵或装备:
2 [C] 自行车的载物架:
3 [C] 搬运或携带…的人或事物，即运输者、运输工具:
carrier |['kærɪə]
an AIDS carrier 艾滋病病毒携带者 
carriers of disease such as mosquitoes and worms 蚊子、蠕虫之类的病毒携带者
a telecoms carrier 电信公司
aircraft carrier 航空母舰 
a newspaper carrier 送报员

as if on ~ 恰好在这时，就在这时候:
~ (to do sth)（某人去做某事的）一个信号、提示:
vt. 给某人提示（以使其知道何时开始做某事）:
n. [sing.] take your ~ from sb/sth 模仿…的样子去做某事:
n. [C] 台球等的球杆:
n. [C] 戏剧中的提示（可以是寥寥的话语或一个行动，以提示另一个演员要去做某事）:
cue |[kju:]
‘Where is that boy?’ As if on cue, Simon appeared in the doorway. “那男孩在哪里？”西蒙像是接到了信号一样刚好出现在门口。
Kevin arrived right on cue to care for Harry. 凯文到的正是时候，可以照顾哈丽。
'It's almost eight o'clock.' As if on cue the bell in the chapel began to toll for Matins. “快8点了。”恰好在这时小教堂晨祷的钟声敲响了。
I can't just cry on cue! 我不会说哭就哭！
Ella came in right on cue, just as they were being rude about her. 正当他们在说些对埃拉失礼的话时，她凑巧进来了。
Jon's arrival was a cue for more champagne. 乔恩一来就意味着要喝更多的香槟酒了。
I think that's my cue to explain why I'm here. 我想这就是要我解释一下我为什么到这里来。
That was the cue for several months of intense bargaining. 那意味着几个月的激烈谈判开始了。
That was Nicholas's cue to ask for another chocolate chip cookie. 那表示尼古拉斯还想要一块巧克力曲奇。
Her husband took his cue, and said that it was time for them to leave. 她丈夫心领神会，提出他们该离开了。
This remark provided the cue for the crowd to start jeering. 这句话提示观众该发出嘲笑声了。
This was the cue for him to come into the room. 这是让他进房间的信号。
Can you cue me when you want me to begin speaking? 你要我开始讲话时能给我暗示一下吗？
He read the scene, with Seaton cueing him. 在西顿的提示下，他念了这一场的台词。
Taking his cue from his companion, he apologized for his earlier display of temper. 他也学着像同伴那样，为先前发脾气道歉。
They all took their cue from their leader. 他们都效仿他们的领导。
Investors are taking their cue from the big banks and selling dollars. 投资者效法大银行卖出美元。    
Their youngest brother was nine when he picked up a cue for the first time. 他们最年轻的弟弟第一次玩台球时才9岁。
She stood in the wings and waited for her cue to go on. 她站在舞台侧面等待着出场的提示。
The actors not performing sit at the side of the stage in full view, waiting for their cues. 还未轮到演出的演员坐在舞台旁边能看得一清二楚的地方，等待着他们的出场提示。
She had not yet been given the cue to go on to the stage. 她还没得到登台的提示。
I had never known him miss a cue. 我从没见过他错过提示。

An impromptu action is one that you do without planning or organizing it in advance. 无事先准备的
impromptu |英 [ɪm'prɒm(p)tjuː]  美 [ɪm'prɑmptu]| n. 即兴曲；即席演出/adv. 即席地/adj. 即席的/
This afternoon the Palestinians held an impromptu press conference.今天下午巴勒斯坦人召开了一场临时记者招待会。


vt. 使某人非常惊讶:
amaze |[ə'meɪz]
His skill as a dancer really amazed me. 他的舞技真让我大吃一惊。
It amazed her that he could be so calm at such a time. 在这个时候他还能如此冷静，真让她感到惊讶。

adj. [正式] ~ of sth/of doing sth 对某事不再感兴趣、不再热心，如感到不耐烦:
vi. ~ of sth/of doing sth 对某事失去兴趣或热情:
adj. 1 疲惫的，尤指长时间努力工作之后疲惫的:
2 [文学] 使人疲劳的；令人厌烦的:
vt. [正式] 使某人疲劳:
weary |[ˈwɪəri;美ˈwɪri]
They're getting awfully weary of this silly war. 他们越来越厌烦这场无聊的战争。
This war has made us all weary. 这场战争让我们大家都厌倦了。
The people are weary of war. 人们厌恶战争。
She was weary of being alone. 她厌倦了独处。
Students soon grow weary of listening to a parade of historical facts. 学生们很快便对听连串史实厌烦起来。
I've grown rather weary of all your excuses. 对于你的种种借口，我越来越感到厌烦了。
She soon wearied of his stories. 她很快就厌烦了他的故事。
The public had wearied of his repeated warnings of a revolution that never seemed to start. 他一再预警的革命迟迟没有开始，公众已对此感到厌倦。
He had wearied of teaching in state universities. 他已经厌烦了在州立大学教书。
She looks a little weary. 她看上去有点儿疲倦。
a weary traveller 疲惫不堪的旅行者 
She suddenly felt old and weary. 她突然感到了衰老和疲倦。
a weary sigh 疲倦的叹息 
a weary journey 使人疲乏的旅程 

n. [U]（也可用self-assurance）自信:
n. [U] [英] 人寿保险:
n. [C]（尤指人们存在疑虑的时候做出的）保证:
assurance |[əˈʃʊərəns;-ʃɔ:r-;美əˈʃʊr-]
There was an air of easy assurance and calm about him. 他表现出从容自信和冷静。
Masur led the orchestra with assurance. 马苏尔神定气若地指挥乐团。
The EU is now acquiring greater assurance and authority. 现在欧共体越来越有自信与权威性了。
calm, quiet assurance 冷静；沉着 
She spoke with calm assurance. 她从容不迫地讲话。
Even at a very young age she showed a great deal of assurance. 她很小的时候就已经表现得非常沉着、自信。
a life assurance company 人寿保险公司 
endowment assurance 养老保险
They called for assurances that the government is committed to its education policy. 他们要求保证政府切实执行其教育方针。
Unemployment seems to be rising, despite repeated assurances to the contrary. 尽管反复担保减少失业，失业率看来却在上升。
He would like an assurance that other forces will not move into the territory that his forces vacate. 他想确保其他势力不会在他的军队撤离后进入这个地区。
He will have been pleased by Marshal Yazov's assurance of the armed forces' loyalty. 当亚佐夫元帅向他保证武装部队的忠诚时，他会感到心满意足的。
He gave me his personal assurance that the vehicle was safe. 他亲自向我保证，这辆车是安全的。
We now have a firm assurance of support from the government. 现在我们得到了政府将给予支持的明确承诺。
They accepted his assurance that patients would be treated as soon as possible. 他们接受了他作出的病人会尽快得到治疗的承诺。
He accused the president of going back on assurances given earlier. 他指责总统违背了先前的诺言。
an assurance about the safety of this equipment 对这台设备的安全性的保证 
assurances from the manager 经理的承诺 
Despite assurances from the government, the chemicals are known to be dangerous. 尽管有政府的保证，化学品的危险性是人所共知的。

 Then you could have your test automation read, parse, and use the data in this file.  然后您可以让您的测试自动化读取、解析和使用该文件中的数据。
 This factory has phased in new machinery for increased automation.  这家工厂已开始逐渐使用新机器以提高自动化程度。
 They phrase in new machinery for increased automation.  他们逐步采用新机器以提高自动化程度。
automation |英 [ɔːtə'meɪʃ(ə)n]  美 [,ɔtə'meʃən]| n. 自动化；自动操作/



vt.＆vi. [正式] 答应或许诺（你将做某事）。不太常用:
vt. [正式] 承担任务，承担工作:
vt. [正式] 使自己对某事负责并开始做这件事:
undertake |[͵ʌndə'teɪk]
He undertook to finish the job by Friday. 他答应星期五或之前完成这一工作。
to undertake a task 承担一项任务 
to undertake a project 承担一个项目
University professors both teach and undertake research. 大学教授既要教学又要从事研究工作。
to undertake a full investigation into the accident 对事故进行全面调查

n. [U] ~ (about/over sth) 悲观、悲观主义、悲观情绪:
pessimism |[ˈpesɪmɪzəm]
There is a mood of pessimism in the company about future job prospects. 公司中有一种对工作前景悲观的情绪。
universal pessimism about the economy 对经济所持的普遍悲观态度 
My first reaction was one of deep pessimism. 我的第一反应非常悲观。
the widespread pessimism among young people today 当今年轻人的普遍悲观情绪 
He warned against the dangers of undue pessimism. 他警告说，持不必要的悲观态度是危险的。
The article reflects the pessimism of its author. 这篇文章反映出作者的悲观情绪。
There were good grounds for ~about future progress.对将来的发展持悲观态度是有充分依据的。
a mood of pessimism 悲观的情绪

n. [C] ~ for sth [术语]（测算用的）代替物，指标:
n. 1 [U] 自己授予某人的代理权、代表权（以便让此人代表自己行事）:
2 [C, U] ~ (for sb) 得到授权的代理人、受托人:
proxy |[ˈprɒksi;美ˈprɑ:ksi]
The number of patients on a doctor's list was seen as a good proxy for assessing how hard they work. 医生诊单上的病人数被看作是衡量他们工作努力程度的可靠指标。
Price differences are used as a proxy for differences in quality. 一分钱一分货。
You can vote either in person or by proxy. 你可以亲自投票或请人代理。
a proxy vote 由他人代投的票 
Your proxy will need to sign the form on your behalf. 你的代理人将须代表你在表格上签字。
Those not attending the meeting may vote by proxy. 那些未出席会议的可以请他人代为投票。
You may appoint a proxy to vote for you. 你可以委托他人代你投票。
Your proxy may attend the meeting if you are unable to attend. 如果你不能出席会议，可以委托你的代理人出席。
proxy war（由大国挑动或操纵的一定范围或规模的）傀儡战争 
proxy battle, proxy fight（均为商业用语）代理人争夺战 
a proxy battle to get shareholders to overturn the board's decision 使股东们推翻董事会决定的一场代理人之战 
She is acting as proxy for her husband. 她做她丈夫的代表。
They were like proxy parents to me. 他们待我如同父母。
I am here as a proxy for my father. 我在这里做我父亲的代理。

vt. ~ sb (of sth) [旧时或正式用法] 使某人再次愉快起来，即使感情创伤愈合:
vt. ~ sb (of sth) [旧时或正式用法] 使某人再次愉快起来:
vt.&vi. ~ (up)（使）康复:
vt. ~ sb (of sth) [旧时或正式用法] 治愈病人:
heal |[hi:l]
I felt healed by his love. 他的爱使我又快乐了起来。
A year later, she had healed to the point of at least being able to consider a romantic relationship with another man. 一年以后，她的感情创伤已慢慢愈合，至少能考虑和另一个男性开始恋爱关系了。
Only by fully experiencing the depth of our pain can we be healed from it and be done with it. 只有充分感受了深切的痛苦，我们才能从中走出，并将它抛诸脑后。
I felt healed by his love. 他的爱使我又快乐了起来。
The wound hasn't healed properly yet. 伤口还没有痊愈。
The wound healed up very nicely. 伤口愈合得很好。
It took a long time for the wounds to heal. 伤口过了很长时间才愈合。
The cut healed up without leaving a scar. 伤口愈合没留下疤痕。
This will help to heal your cuts and scratches. 这个会有助于治好割伤和擦伤。
Within six weeks the bruising had gone, but it was six months before it all healed. 青瘀在六周内就消退了，但伤却是六个月后才全好了。
If they'd operated and pinned her arm at once, she might have healed by now. 如果他们当时马上就给她的胳膊做手术并用钢针固定，她现在可能已经痊愈了。
It was a chance to heal the wounds in the party (= to repair the damage that had been done).（比喻用法）那是弥合党内创伤的机会。
the story of Jesus healing ten lepers of their disease 耶稣治愈十个麻风病人的故事

adj.（因持续做某事时间太长而）厌倦的、腻烦的、不能再把事情做好（或不能再产生新创意的）:
adj. 1（食物，尤指面包和糕点）不新鲜的、吃起来味道不正常的:
2（空气、烟等）不新鲜的、难闻的:
3（所说或所做的事情等）陈腐的、没新意的、老掉牙的:
stale |[steɪl]
After ten years in the job, she felt stale and needed a change. 在那个岗位干了十年之后，她觉得腻了，需要换换工作。
I believe in progression, in taking risks, in never getting stale. 我崇尚进取、冒险和永不倦怠。
This bread's going stale. 面包已经不新鲜了。
Their daily diet consisted of a lump of stale bread, a bowl of rice and stale water. 他们的日常饮食包括一块不新鲜的面包、一碗米饭和变味的水。
stale cigarette smoke 难闻的烟味儿 
The atmosphere was stale with cigarette smoke. 烟味儿令空气污浊。
The room smelled musty and stale. 这个房间闻起来有股发霉的味儿。
the smell of stale sweat 汗臭味 
A layer of smoke hung low in the stale air. 一层烟雾低悬在污浊的空气中。
stale jokes 老掉牙的笑话 
The Government, he said, were sticking to stale ideas. 他说政府仍在抱残守缺。
His subject matter has grown stale. 他的题目已经不新鲜了。
Their marriage had gone stale. 他们的婚姻已了无热情。
Her relationship with Mark has become stale. 她和马克之间已经没有新鲜感了。

adj. 引起破坏（或毁灭）的，如破坏性的；毁灭性的:
destructive |[dɪˈstrʌktɪv]
the awesome destructive power of nuclear weapons 核武器可怕的毁灭性力量 
Guilt can be very destructive. 负疚感会具有很强的杀伤力。
the destructive effects of anxiety 焦虑的破坏性影响 
It was a very short-sighted and ultimately destructive plan. 这是一个目光短浅而且最终会坏事的计划。
potentially destructive emotions 有潜在破环性的强烈情感 
to be socially destructive 会对社会造成破坏的 
environmentally destructive policies 对环境有破坏性的政策 
Clearing trees by burning is highly destructive of the forest environment. 通过焚烧来清除树木对森林具有高度破坏性。
These substances can be destructive to health. 这些物质可能会严重危害健康。

When an animal or bird pounces on something, it jumps on it and holds it, in order to kill it. (动物、鸟等) 猛扑 (以捕杀)
If someone pounces on something such as a mistake, they quickly draw attention to it, usually in order to gain an advantage for themselves or to prove that they are right. (对某事) 抓住不放
If someone pounces on you, they come up toward you suddenly and take hold of you. (向某人) 猛扑
pounce |英 [paʊns]  美 [paʊns]| vi. 突袭，猛扑/vt. 扑过去抓住/n. 猛扑，爪/
...like a tiger pouncing on its prey.…宛如老虎扑猎物。
The Democrats were ready to pounce on any Republican failings or mistakes.民主党人准备要抓住共和党人的瑕疵或错误不放。
He pounced on the photographer, beat him up, and smashed his camera.他猛扑向那个摄影师，揍了他，并砸碎了他的相机。


vt. deliver sb (from sth) 过时用法，指将某人从…中拯救出来，相当于save:
vt. 投掷，瞄准或对准…:
vt.＆vi. deliver (on sth) 履行诺言，或不负别人对你的期望:
vt. 发表演说，或做出其他正式陈述。在个别语境中也可翻译为“宣布”，但不具有代表性，只是偶尔的一种用法:
vt.＆vi. deliver (sth) (to sb/sth)（将信息等）发送（至某地或交由某人）:
vt. deliver sb/sth (up/over) (to sb) 正式用法，指将…交由某人控制:
vt. 1 deliver a baby 接生，助产:
2 be delivered of a baby 正式用法，指生孩子，分娩:
vt.＆vi. deliver (sth) (to sb/sth)（将信件、包裹等）投递到某地或投递给某人:
vt.＆vi. deliver (sth) (to sb/sth)（将货物、信件、人等）递送或运载（至某地）:
deliver |[dɪ'lɪvə]
He delivered the blow (= hit sb hard) with all his force. 他打这一下使出了全身力气。
He has promised to finish the job by June and I am sure he will deliver. 他答应到六月份完成这项工作，我相信他会履行诺言。
She always delivers on her promises. 她总是信守诺言。
If you can’t deliver improved sales figures, you’re fired. 如果你不能按照要求提高销售额，就会被解雇。
The team delivered a stunning victory last night. 昨晚这个队不负众望，大获全胜。
products that deliver on customer expectations 达到顾客期望值的产品
to deliver a lecture 发表演讲 
He delivered his lines confidently. 他沉着地说了他的台词。
The jury delivered its verdict. 陪审团宣布了裁决。
Online training sessions are delivered directly to your desktop. 在线培训课程直接传送到你的台式电脑上。
They delivered their prisoner over to the invading army. 他们把俘虏交给了侵略军。
The baby was delivered by Caesarean section. 这个婴儿是剖腹产下的。
She was delivered of a healthy boy. 她生下一个健康的男孩儿。
The baby was delivered safely on Tuesday night. 婴儿在星期二晚上安全地生了下来。
Leaflets have been delivered to every household. 传单已发送到每家每户。
The letter was delivered to his office. 那封信送到了他的办公室。
messages delivered via email 通过电子邮件发送的信息 
Leaflets have been delivered to every household. 传单已发到每家每户。
to deliver goods 送货 
The package had been delivered by hand. 这件包裹是由专人递送的。
messages delivered via email 通过电子邮件发送的信息 

vt. 拒绝服从当权者、法律、规则等，即违抗:
vt. ~ belief, explanation, description, etc. 不可能（或无法）相信、解释、描绘等:
vt. I ~ you/anyone to do sth 挑战、激、认为…不敢（或无法）做:
vt. 经受住、顶住:
defy |[dɪˈfaɪ]
Journalists were openly defying the authorities. 新闻记者公然藐视当局。
He is willing to defy his own party. 他自愿违抗自己的党派。
The protesters continued to defy a court injunction. 抗议者继续藐视法庭的一项禁制令。
to defy the law 藐视法律 
I wouldn't have dared to defy my teachers. 我可不敢不听老师的话。
Hundreds of people today defied the ban on political gatherings. 今天有数百人违抗禁止政治集会的规定。
This was the first (and last) time that I dared to defy my mother. 这是我第一次(也是最后一次)胆敢反抗我的母亲。
Nearly eleven-thousand people have been arrested for defying the ban on street trading. 将近有1.1万人因为违抗禁止在街上摆摊交易的禁令而被捕。
a political move that defies explanation 无法解释的政治举动 
The beauty of the scene defies description. 景色之美简直难以描绘。
When the flowers open in spring they fill the night air with a fragrance that defies description. 春天鲜花开放时，夜里的空气中会弥漫一种难以名状的香气。
It's a devastating and barbaric act that defies all comprehension. 这种行为野蛮凶残、令人震惊，简直是不可理喻。
I defy you to come up with one major accomplishment of the current Prime Minister. 我敢说你讲不出现任首相的哪怕一项重大成就。
He looked at me as if he was defying me to argue. 他看着我，仿佛在激我与他争论。
The baby boy defied all the odds and survived (= stayed alive when it seemed certain that he would die). 这名男婴九死一生活了下来。

n. [C]（从一群人中选出来的）代表（以代表该群体的观点、或代表该群体进行选举或做决策），尤指会议代表:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (to sb)（将自己的部分工作或权力）委托或授权给下级人员:
vt. [常用被动式] 选派某人去做某事:
delegate |[ˈdelɪgət]
conference, congress, convention delegate 会议代表；大会代表 
congressional, government, government, party, union delegate 国会代表；政府代表；政党代表；工会代表 
Democratic delegate 民主党代表 
a delegate from the local party 当地政党的代表 
British delegate to the United Nations 英国驻联合国代表 
No fewer than 2,000 delegates attended the conference. 2,000多名代表出席了会议。
The conference was attended by delegates from 56 countries. 此次会议有来自56个国家的代表出席。
They decided not to send a delegate to the conference. 他们决定不派代表去参加会议。
Some managers find it difficult to delegate. 有些经理认为难以做到知人善任。
The job had to be delegated to an assistant. 这工作得交给助手负责。
He plans to delegate more authority to his deputies. 他打算把更多的权力交给副手。
How many of their activities can be safely and effectively delegated to less trained staff? 他们的活动有多少可以稳妥有效地委托给那些资质稍浅的员工来进行？
I've been delegated to organize the Christmas party. 我被选派来组织圣诞聚会。
Officials have now been delegated to start work on a draft settlement. 现在已经委派官员着手起草解决方案。

vt. 从某人或某事物处逃脱，或避免遇到某人:
vt. 逃避，规避（尤指法律或道德责任）:
vt. 回避（处理某事）:
vt. [正式] 想不出；不发生:
vt.（成功、光荣、爱情等）与某人无缘:
vt. 回避（谈论某事）:
evade |[ɪˈveɪd]
He managed to evade capture and escaped over the border. 他设法摆脱了追捕并逃过了边境。For two weeks they evaded the press. 他们有两周一直避而不见记者。
They narrowly evaded a police car which was approaching. 他们险些没避开赶过来的警车。
Under the pretence of lighting a candle, she evades him and disappears. 她假装点蜡烛，避开他消失了。
She turned and gazed at the river, evading his eyes. 她转身凝视着那条河，避开他的目光。
to evade payment of taxes 逃税 
By his own admission, he evaded taxes as a Florida real-estate speculator. 他亲口承认自己在佛罗里达从事房地产投机生意时逃过税。
Delegates accused them of trying to evade responsibility for the failures of the past five years. 代表们指责他们企图逃避过去5年中多次失败应负的责任。
She is trying to evade all responsibility for her behaviour. 她在试图逃避应为自己的行为承担的所有责任。
Too many companies, she says, are evading the issue. 她说太多公司都在回避这个问题。
The answer evaded him (= he could not think of it). 他答不上来。
Happiness, which had been so elusive in Henry's life, still evaded him. 亨利生活中过去一直难以捕捉的幸福仍旧与他无缘。
When she sat down at her desk she found that the words evaded her. 当她在桌前坐下时，却发现自己不知道该说些什么了。
Her response was simply to evade the problem altogether. 她的回答就是干脆回避了整个问题。
to evade answering a question 避而不答某一问题

adj. 极其滑稽的:
hilarious |[hɪˈleəriəs;美-ˈler-]
hilarious joke, hilarious story 令人捧腹的笑话；令人捧腹的故事 
Lynn found the whole situation hilarious. 林恩觉得这一切都非常滑稽。
Do you know Pete? He's hilarious. 你认识皮特吗？他风趣得很。
We thought it was hilarious when we first heard about it. 我们第一次听说此事时，觉得很好笑。
He had a fund of hilarious tales on the subject. 关于这个话题他有说不完的趣事。

If a wound or a part of your body becomes septic, it becomes infected. 受感染的
septic |英 ['septɪk]  美 ['sɛptɪk]| adj. 败血症的；[医] 脓毒性的；腐败的/n. 腐烂物/
A flake of plaster from the ceiling fell into his eye, which became septic.天花板上的一片灰掉进他眼睛里,引起了感染。


cover (a piece of ground) with flat stones or bricks; lay paving over:用平坦的石头或砖块覆盖（一块地面）；铺路
pave |peɪv| Noun/Verb/:铺平,铺,铺路
the yard at the front was paved with flagstones:前面的院子是用石板铺的

vi. 发出大而低沉的声音，如吼叫、咆哮:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (out) 叫喊:
n. [C]（动物或人的）吼叫、咆哮:
vi. ~ (with laughter) 放声大笑:
n. [C]（风或海的）呼啸声、（机器的）隆隆声:
vi. 发出大而低沉的声音，即吼叫、咆哮:
vi. 某事物发出很大的响声:
vi.（车辆或驾驶者）飞快地呼啸而行:
n. [C]（动物的）吼叫、咆哮:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (out) 大声说:
vi.（火）熊熊燃烧:
roar |[rɔ:(r)]
We heard a lion roar. 我们听见了狮子的吼声。
The crowd roared. 人群一片喧哗。
The fans roared (out) their approval. 崇拜者大声叫好。
During the playing of the national anthem the crowd roared and whistled. 在播放国歌的时候，人们喊叫着，吹着口哨。
His speech was greeted by a roar of applause. 他的讲话引来了雷鸣般的掌声。
a roar of laughter 一阵大笑声 
The lion let out a great roar. 狮子大吼一声。
The shouting grew into an angry roar. 喊叫声变成了怒吼声。
The low rumble had become a roar. 低沉的隆隆声变成了咆哮声。
A mighty roar went up from the crowd as the home team scored. 主队得分时，人群中爆发出震耳欲聋的喊声。
The sound of a distant roar echoed over the plains. 平原上回荡着远处传来的吼叫声。
A loud roar filled the air around them. 巨大的吼叫声回荡在他们周围。
There was a crash and a roar from the kitchen. 厨房里传来爆裂声和一声大喊。
He looked so funny, we all roared. 他看上去那么滑稽，我们都哈哈大笑。
It made them roar with laughter. 这使他们大笑起来。
Max threw back his head and roared with laughter. 马克斯仰头大笑起来。
the distant roar of the sea 远方传来的大海的咆哮声 
I could barely hear above the roar of traffic. 过往车辆的轰鸣声使我几乎什么也听不见。
the throaty roar of the engine 发动机嘶哑的轰鸣 
She couldn't make herself heard over the roar of the engines. 在发动机的轰鸣声中，根本听不见她的声音。
The car sped off with an almighty roar. 随着一阵巨大的轰鸣声，汽车疾驰而去。
The gun roared deafeningly. 枪炮轰鸣声震耳欲聋。
The engine roared to life (= started noisily). 发动机隆隆启动。
The engine roared, and the vehicle leapt forward. 发动机轰鸣着，车子猛然冲出去。
Her heart was pounding and the blood roared in her ears. 她的心怦怦跳着，热血在耳中澎湃。
She put her foot down and the car roared away. 她踩下油门，车子呼啸而去。
A police car roared past. 一辆警车呼啸而过。
The plane roared down the runway for takeoff. 飞机轰鸣着沿着跑道疾驰，准备起飞。
The lion let out a great roar. 狮子大吼一声。
The sound of a distant roar echoed over the plains. 平原上回荡着远处传来的吼叫声。
A loud roar filled the air around them. 巨大的吼叫声回荡在他们周围。
The fans roared (out) their approval. 崇拜者大声叫好。
‘Stand back, ’ he roared. “靠后站。”他吼道。
'I'll kill you for that,' he roared. “我会为此杀了你，”他大吼道。
