foster					培养，抱有，养育
exaggerate							夸大
gracious				亲切的，优裕的，天哪
familiar							熟悉的，常遇到的
physiological			生理的
warehouse					仓库
solitary				独自的，孤单的
complication			难题，并发症，错综复杂
redeem			赎回，兑换，弥补，履行
redeem oneself		补救
turnover			营业额
sanction			准许，处罚，
motivate						促动
thorn				刺，荆棘
involve						需要，影响，使参与，吸引
architect						设计师
particle						颗粒
accord			一致，协议，给予
accord with		与某事物相符
pay					付费，盈利，有利，薪金
pharmaceutical		药物的，制药的，药物
insult						辱骂，侮辱
tug				拉，拽
constituent		成分，组成的
piecemeal			零碎的，一点一点的
decimal			小数，小数的
starch			淀粉
invincible			不可战胜的，不动摇的
anchor						锚，精神支柱
avail							收益
isolate				使脱离，隔离，使...孤立
limp				无力的，无精神的，跛行
\\\\\\\\

vt. 促进某事的发展:
vt.&vi. [尤英] 抚育他人的子女一段时间（而不成为他们的合法父母），即代养:
adj. [只用于名词前] 与某些代养有关的名词连用:
foster |[ˈfɒstə(r);美ˈfɔ:s-;ˈfɑ:s-]
The club's aim is to foster better relations within the community. 俱乐部的宗旨是促进团体内部的关系。
He said that developed countries had a responsibility to foster global economic growth to help new democracies. 他说，发达国家有责任促进全球经济增长，以帮助新兴民主国家。
Its cash crisis has been fostered by declining property values. 地产贬值引发了现金危机。           
They have fostered over 60 children during the past ten years. 在过去十年间，他们抚育了60多个儿童。
We couldn't adopt a child, so we decided to foster. 我们不能领养孩子，所以决定代养一个。
foster father, foster family, foster home, foster parents, foster child 代养父；代养家庭；代养父母；代养的孩子 
foster care 寄养照管 
Little Jack was placed with foster parents. 小杰克和养父母住在一起。
The foster mother was a wonderful, warm person. 寄养母是一个很不错的热心人。

vt.（将情况、属性、特征等）突显出来。主语一般是事物:
vt.&vi.（将情况、属性、特征等）夸张、夸大。主语一般是人:
exaggerate |[ɪgˈzædʒəreɪt]
These figures exaggerate the loss of competitiveness. 这些数字突显了竞争力的丧失。
The dress exaggerates her wasp waist and enlarges her bosom. 那件连衣裙凸显了她的蜂腰，也让她的胸部看起来更丰满。
He thinks I'm exaggerating. 他觉得我在夸大其词。
Don't exaggerate. 别夸张。
The hotel was really filthy and I'm not exaggerating. 我不是夸张，这旅店真的很脏。
He tends to exaggerate the difficulties. 他往往夸大困难。
John does tend to exaggerate slightly. 约翰往往喜欢把事情略加夸大。
These figures have been greatly exaggerated. 这些数字已被极度夸大了。
The historical significance of these events can be easily exaggerated. 这些事件的历史意义很容易被夸大。
to artificially exaggerate 人为夸大 
to deliberately exaggerate 故意夸大 
It is difficult to exaggerate the importance of developing good study habits. 养成良好学习习惯的重要性怎么强调都不过分。
The allegations were highly exaggerated. 这些断言大为言过其实。
Demand for the product has been greatly exaggerated. 对这项产品的需求给过分夸大了。
I'm sure he exaggerates his Irish accent (= tries to sound more Irish than he really is). 我肯定他把他的爱尔兰口音故意说得很重。

adj. 1（人或行为）尤指对地位较低者（如下级或晚辈）好心的、和蔼的、慈祥的:
2 [英，非正式] [只用于名词前] 对王室人员及其行为的礼貌用语，如仁慈的、宽厚的:
3 ~ (to sb)（上帝）仁慈的、慈悲的:
adj.（人或行为）尤指对地位较低者（如下级或晚辈）慷慨的:
adj.（人或行为）尤指对地位较低者（如下级或晚辈）有礼貌的:
adj. [正变得过时] 用于表示惊讶，如天啊、老天爷:
adj. [正变得过时] 用于表示烦恼，如天啊、老天爷:
adj. [常用于名词前] 富贵安逸的:
gracious |[ˈgreɪʃəs]
a gracious lady 好心的女士 
a gracious smile 慈祥的微笑 
her gracious Majesty the Queen 仁慈的女王陛下 
a gracious act of God 上帝的慈悲
He has not yet learned how to be gracious in defeat. 他还没有学会怎样豁达大度地面对失败。
She closed with a gracious speech of thanks. 她最后彬彬有礼地致谢，结束了讲话。
Goodness gracious! 老天爷啊！
‘I hope you didn't mind my phoning you.’ ‘Good gracious, no, of course not.’ “我希望你不会介意我给你打电话。”“啊呀，当然不会。”
Good gracious, look at that specimen will you? 哎呀，你快来瞧瞧那个标本！
Goodness gracious! 老天爷啊！
gracious living 豪华安逸的生活 
He drove through the gracious suburbs with the swimming pools and tennis courts. 他驾车穿过设有游泳池和网球场的舒适城郊住宅区。         

adj. 1 familiar (to sb)（对自己来说）熟悉的；常被看到或听到因而容易辨认的:
2 familiar with sth 非常熟悉某事物，如通晓:
adj. familiar (with sb)（人的行为）非常不正式的（有时令人不悦），即随便的:
familiar |[fə'mɪljə]
He’s a familiar figure in the neighbourhood. 他在这个地区是大家熟悉的人物。
The smell is very familiar to everyone who lives near a bakery. 住在面包店附近的人都很熟悉这种气味。
Something about her voice was vaguely familiar. 她的声音有点耳熟。
Violent attacks are becoming all too familiar. 暴力攻击竟变成了司空见惯的现象。
The place felt faintly familiar to me. 这个地方我隐约觉得有点儿熟悉。
His face looked awfully familiar. 他这张脸看上去非常眼熟。
The name sounded vaguely familiar to her. 这个名字她听上去似曾相识。
an area with which I had been familiar since childhood 我自幼就了若指掌的一个地区 
Are you familiar with the computer software they use? 你熟悉他们使用的计算机软件吗？
You will need to be thoroughly familiar with our procedures. 你需要彻底了解我们的流程。
I’m not overly familiar with these issues. 我对这些问题不太熟悉。
You seem to be on very familiar terms with your tutor. 你似乎和你的导师之间很随便。
After a few drinks her boss started getting too familiar for her liking. 老板几杯酒下肚以后就开始令她觉得过分亲昵。

 Their study clearly illustrates the importance of how you interpret your physiological states, which themselves form an important component of your emotions.  他们的研究明确地阐述了你如何干预你的生理情况，这些源自你情绪中的一个重要部分。
 Almost anything that we like to do - eat, shop, gamble, have sex - contain the potential for psychological and physiological dependence.  我们喜欢做的几乎任何事——吃饭，购物，赌博，性爱——都可能引起心理和生理的依赖。
 Wienecke thinks there might also be physiological reasons for the waves. "It may improve their blood circulation," she says.  维尼可认为企鹅的摇摆可能还存在生理原因，“这能以提高他们的血液循环”她说。
physiological |英 [,fɪzɪə'lɒdʒɪkəl]  美 [,fɪzɪə'lɑdʒɪkl]| adj. 生理学的，生理的/



n. [C] 存储大量商品的仓库，货栈，尤指在将货物运送至商店进行销售前进行存储的仓库:
warehouse |['weəhaʊs]
distribution, retail, wholesale warehouse 分销仓库；零售仓库；批发仓库 
cotton warehouse 棉花仓库 
dockside warehouse 码头仓库 
data warehouse（技术用语）数据库 
warehouse worker 仓库工人 
warehouse district（尤美）仓储区 
warehouse space 仓储空间 
warehouse store（美）仓储超市 
warehouse sale（美）仓库特卖 
A large quantity of goods are piled up in the warehouse. 大量商品正堆积在仓库里。

adj. 1 [常用于名词前] 独自做某事的:
2（人、事物或地方）单独的，没有其他人或事物相伴的，如单个的、孤零零的:
adj.（人或动物）独处的、独居的:
n. [C] [正式] 独居者:
adj. [常用于名词前]（尤用于否定句和疑问句）唯一的、仅有的:
n. [U] [非正式] 单独监禁，单独禁闭，相当于solitary confinement:
solitary |[ˈsɒlətri;美ˈsɑ:ləteri]
She enjoys long solitary walks. 她喜欢独自长距离散步。
His evenings were spent in solitary drinking. 他晚上的时间都是靠独自喝闷酒打发。
the occasional solitary figure making a study of wildflowers or grasses. 偶尔出现的研究野花野草的孤单身影 
A solitary light burned dimly in the hall. 大厅里点着一盏孤灯，发出昏暗的光。
a solitary farm 一个孤零零的农场
He was a solitary child. 他是一个孤僻的孩子。
Paul was a shy, pleasant, solitary man. 保罗是一个羞怯、友善、惯于独处的男人。
He led a solitary life. 他过着独居生活。
Tigers are solitary animals. 虎是独居动物。
There was not a solitary shred of evidence (= none at all). 一丁点证据都没有。
Tom was in solitary across the way from me. 汤姆在我对面被单独监禁。

n. [C, usually pl.] [医学] 并发症:
n. [C, U] 使形势或情况更复杂的事物，如困难、难题:
complication |[ˌkɒmplɪˈkeɪʃn;美ˌkɑ:m-]
She developed complications after the surgery. 她手术后出现了并发症。
Blindness is a common complication of diabetes. 失明是糖尿病常见的并发症。
He died of complications from a heart attack. 他死于心脏病发作引起的并发症。
acute, dangerous, life-threatening, serious, severe complications 急性并发症；危及生命的并发症；严重的并发症 
fatal complications 致命的并发症 
chronic, long-term complications 慢性并发症；长期并发症 
minor complications 轻微的并发症 
significant complications 严重的并发症 
common complications 常见并发症 
rare complications 罕见并发症 
local complications 局部并发症 
potential complications 可能的并发症 
birth, diabetic, medical, post-operative, pregnancy complications 生育并发症；糖尿病并发症；医疗并发症；术后并发症；妊娠并发症 
She developed complications two weeks after the treatment. 她在治疗两个星期后出现并发症。
Complications develop if the drug is not used correctly. 这种药物使用不当会引起并发症。
complications rates from eye surgery 眼科手术的并发症发生率 
complications with her pregnancy 她怀孕时出现的并发症 
He died of complications from cancer surgery. 他死于癌症手术引发的并发症。
the devastating complications of diabetes 糖尿病的严重并发症 
The treatment carries a high risk of complications. 这种疗法很容易引起并发症。
He died from complications related to diabetes. 他死于与糖尿病相关的并发症。
The bad weather added a further complication to our journey. 恶劣的天气给我们的旅行增加了更多的困难。
The age difference was a complication to the relationship. 年龄差异使得双方交往更加困难。
An added complication is the growing concern for the environment. 还有个问题就是对环境的日益关注。
political complication 政治难题 
The presence of an armed gang added a major complication. 一个武装团伙的存在使问题极大地复杂化了。
We always try to avoid any unnecessary complications. 我们总是尽量避免不必要的麻烦。
Further complications arose when they published an interview with his family. 他们发表了对他家人的采访文章后，事情变得更加复杂。

vt. 使…看起来不是太糟，如弥补:
vt. ~ yourself（尤指做错了事之后）做某事以挽回声誉、弥补过错:
vt. 基督教中可指把某人从邪恶的力量中拯救出来:
vt. ~ a pledge/promise [正式] 履行诺言:
vt. 用券兑换金钱:
vt. 偿清债务:
vt. 赎回贵重物品:
vt. 用券兑换商品:
redeem |[rɪˈdi:m]
The excellent acting wasn't enough to redeem a weak plot. 精彩的表演不足以掩盖情节的拙劣。
The only redeeming feature of the job (= good thing about it) is the salary. 这份工作唯一的可取之处就是它的工资。
The sole redeeming feature of your behaviour is that you're not denying it. 你的行为中唯一可取之处就是你没有否认它。
Work is the way that people seek to redeem their lives from futility. 工作可以避免人们虚度生命。
a long face with too prominent features that were redeemed by a fine pair of brown eyes 脸部较长，五官很突出，还好一双棕色的眼睛长得恰到好处 
He has a chance to redeem himself after last week's mistakes. 他有机会弥补上星期犯下的错误。
He had realized the mistake he had made and wanted to redeem himself. 他已经认识到了自己的错误，想要进行弥补。
Jesus Christ came to redeem us from sin. 耶稣基督来将我们从罪恶中拯救出来。
a new female spiritual force to redeem the world 全新的拯救世界的女性精神力量
to redeem a loan 清偿贷款 
The amount required to redeem the mortgage was £358,587. 需要偿还的抵押贷款总计358,587英镑。   
to redeem the item 赎回物品 
He was able to redeem his watch from the pawnshop. 他得以从当铺赎回他的表。
Make sure you know exactly what you will be paying back when you plan to redeem the item. 务必弄清楚将来赎回物品时需要支付多少钱。
This voucher can be redeemed at any of our branches. 本抵用券在我们的任一分支机构都可以使用。
Take the voucher to your local branch of Woolworths and it will be redeemed for one toy. 持兑换券到当地沃尔沃斯的分店可以兑换一个玩具。

n. 1 [sing.] ~ (of sb) 公司的人员变更率:
2 [sing.] ~ (of sth)（商店的）货物周转率:
n. [C]（以水果或果酱作馅的）小块三角形馅饼或半圆形馅饼:
n. [C, usually sing., U] [尤英] ~ (of sth)（一家公司在一定时期内的）营业额:
turnover |[ˈtɜ:nəʊvə(r);美ˈtɜ:rnoʊ-]
a high turnover of staff 很高的人员变更率 
The industry has a high turnover of young people. 该行业的年轻从业者流动率较高。
employee（尤美）, job（尤美）, labour/labor, management, personnel, staff turnover 雇员人员变更率；工作人员变更率；劳动人员变更率；管理人员变更率；人事变更率；工作人员更替 
The new offices have reduced the very high rates of staff turnover. 新设立的这些办事处已经将很高的员工流失率降下来了。
Short-term contracts increase staff turnover. 短期合同使得员工流动率增高。
The city has a rapid population turnover. 这个城市的人口流动很快。
turnover rate 人事变动率 
We've had very little turnover in our sales personnel. 我们销售人员的流动很少。
a fast turnover of stock 快速的存货周转 
turnover rate 周转率
an annual turnover of $75 million 7 500万元的年营业额 
a fall in turnover 营业额的下降 
Her annual turnover is around £45,000. 她的年营业额大约是4.5万英镑。
The company had a turnover of £3.8 million. 那家公司营业额为380万英镑。
company, group turnover（均英）公司营业额；集团营业额 
The combined turnover of both businesses has doubled in the last two years. 过去两年里，这两家企业的综合营业额翻了一番。
gross, net turnover 毛营业额；净营业额 
daily turnover 日营业额 
global turnover 全球营业额 
The company boasts an annual turnover of £240 m. 这家公司的年营业额为2.4亿英镑。
The company recorded a turnover of £70 million last year. 该公司去年的营业额达7，000万英镑。
Turnover was down compared with last year's figures. 与去年的数字相比，今年的营业额下降了。
The company's turnover increased 30% to $10 million.这家公司的营业额增长了30%，达到1，000万美元。
Turnover fell from £12 million to £11 million. 营业额由1，200万英镑下滑到1，100万英镑。
Turnover reached $2 billion in the 12 months to September. 到9月份为止的 12个月中，营业额达到了20 亿美元。
The company's worldwide turnover exceeds $5 billion. 公司在全世界的营业额超过50亿美元 
turnover figure, turnover growth 营业额数字；营业额增长

vt. [正式] 对某事给予许可、准许；认可:
n. [U] [正式]（对行动或变更的）正式许可、批准。相当于authorization:
n. 1 [C, usually pl.] ~ (against sb)（对一国所实行的贸易等领域的）制裁:
2 [C] ~ (against sth) 对人所采取的行动，使其遵守法律或以某种方式行事，如制裁、约束、处罚。相当于penalty:
vt. [术语] 惩罚；对一国实施制裁:
sanction |[ˈsæŋkʃn]
The government refused to sanction a further cut in interest rates. 政府拒绝批准进一步降低利率。
He may now be ready to sanction the use of force. 他现在可能打算批准使用武力。
He seemed to be preparing to sanction an increase in public borrowing. 他似乎正准备批准增加公共贷款。
Slavery was once socially sanctioned. 蓄奴制曾经受到社会认可。
government sanction 政府批准 
The movement was first given official sanction in the 1960s. 该运动于20世纪60年代首次获得了官方首肯。
devine, religious sanction 上天的认可；宗教认可 
The conference gave its official sanction to the change of policy. 大会正式批准了政策的改变。
No decision can be taken without the sanction of the committee. 未经委员会的许可，不得做出任何决定。
These changes will require the sanction of the court. 这些变更须经法院许可。
economic, financial, military, trade sanctions 经济制裁；金融制裁；军事制裁；贸易制裁 
international, UN sanctions 国际制裁；联合国制裁 
Trade sanctions were imposed against any country that refused to sign the agreement. 凡拒签该协议的国家均受到贸易制裁。
The UN called for sanctions against the invading country. 联合国要求对侵略国进行制裁。
The economic sanctions have been lifted. 经济制裁业已取消。
In 1935 the League of Nations imposed sanctions against Italy following its invasion of Ethiopia. 1935 年国际联盟在意大利入侵埃塞俄比亚之后对其实施了制裁。
He expressed his opposition to the lifting of sanctions. 他对解除制裁表示反对。
civil, criminal, disciplinary sanction 民事制裁；行事制裁；纪律处罚 
legal, penal, social sanction 法律制裁；刑事制裁；社会惩戒 
punitive sanction 惩罚性制裁 
There were strict sanctions against absenteeism. 旷工会受到严厉处分。
Employers imposed heavy sanctions for union activity. 雇主对工会活动实施重罚。
The ultimate sanction will be the closure of the restaurant. 最严厉的处罚将是关闭这家餐馆。
As an ultimate sanction, they can sell their shares. 作为最高的处罚，他们可以出售他们的股份。
their failure to sanction Japan for butchering whales in violation of international conservation treaties 对日本违反国际保护条约残杀鲸鱼的行为他们未能进行制裁

vt. 促使某人想要做某事（尤指难事、需要付出努力之事），如激励:
vt. [常用被动式]（尤指心理或情绪）成为某人做某事（或某人的行为方式）的动机或原因:
vt. [南非，正式] 就所说的话给出理由或原因:
motivate |[ˈməʊtɪveɪt;美ˈmoʊ-][ˈməʊtɪveɪt;美ˈmoʊ-]
She's very good at motivating her students. 她非常擅长激励她的学生。
to motivate employees to work more efficiently 促使员工更加卓有成效地工作
He is motivated entirely by self-interest. 他做事完全出于私利。
The crime was not politically motivated. 该犯罪行为没有政治动机。
They are motivated by a need to achieve. 对成功的渴望激励着他们。
Please motivate your answer to question 5. 请解释你对第5题所作的回答。

A thorn or a thorn bush or a thorn tree is a bush or tree which has a lot of thorns on it. 带刺灌木丛; 带刺的树
Thorns are the sharp points on some plants and trees, for example, on a rose bush. 刺
thorn |英 [θɔːn]  美 [θɔrn]| n. 刺；[植] 荆棘/n. (Thorn)人名；(柬)通；(英)索恩；(法、德、丹、瑞典)托恩/
...the shade of a thorn bush.…一棵带刺灌木的树阴。
Roses will always have thorns but with care they can be avoided.玫瑰总有刺，但是只要小心，还是可以避开刺。


vt.（一种情况、一个事件或活动）牵涉或影响某事物:
vt.（一种情况、一个事件或活动）牵涉或影响某人:
vt. ~ sb (in sth) 用言行来表明某人参与某事（尤指表明其参与了犯罪）。相当于implicate:
vt.（一种情况、一个事件或活动）牵涉或影响某事物。有时可翻译为“需要”，相当于entail:
vt. ~ sb (in sth/in doing sth) 使某人参加、加入、介入:
vt.（一种情况、一个事件或活动）牵涉或影响某事物。有时可翻译为“包含”:
vt. ~ sb (in sth) 使某人卷入某事:
involve |[ɪnˈvɒlv;美ɪnˈvɑ:lv]
Many of the crimes involved drugs. 许多罪案都与毒品有关。
A late booking may involve you in extra cost. 预订晚了的话你可能要额外多花钱。
There was a serious incident involving a group of youths. 有一起涉及一群年轻人的严重事件。
How many vehicles were involved in the crash? 这次撞车事故涉及多少辆汽车？
If there was a cover-up, it involved people at the very highest levels of government. 如果有人想要隐瞒实情，那其中就涉及政府部门最高层的人物。
a riot involving a hundred inmates 有一百名囚犯参与的暴动 
His confession involved a number of other politicians in the affair. 他的自白供出其他一些政治人物也涉及此事。
I didn't mean to involve you in all this. 我没打算把你牵连进来。
Many of the crimes involved drugs. 许多罪案都与毒品有关。
The job involves me travelling all over the country. 这份工作需要我在全国各地跑。
The job involves my travelling all over the country.（正式）这份工作需要我在全国各地跑。
This involved me in a round trip of over 400 miles. 为此我需要往返旅行 400 多英里。
The reforms will inevitably involve a lot of new paperwork for teachers. 改革难免需要教师做大量新的书面工作。
Running a kitchen involves a great deal of discipline and speed. 料理好厨房需要把一切都安排得规规矩矩，且要讲求速度。
Nicky's job as a public relations director involves spending quite a lot of time with other people. 尼基作为公共关系主管，需要花很多时间与别人打交道。
We want to involve as many people as possible in the celebrations. 我们希望参加庆典的人越多越好。
Parents should involve themselves in their child's education. 父母应当参与孩子的教育。
methods that actively involve students in learning 各种使学生积极学习的方法 
Noel and I do everything together, he involves me in everything. 我和诺埃尔什么事情都一起做，他让我参与所有的事。
Before too long he started involving me in the more confidential aspects of the job. 不久,他便开始让我介入工作中更机密的方面。
The test will involve answering questions about a photograph. 考试将包括回答一些关于一张照片的问题。
Inventions typically involve minor improvements in technology. 发明创造往往包含技术上的改进。
Any investment involves an element of risk. 任何投资都有一定的风险。            
I seem to have involved myself in something I don't understand. 我似乎卷入了一件我并不知情的事情当中。

n. [C]（思想、事件、形势的）设计者，缔造者，创造者:
n. [C] 一个以设计建筑为职业的人，即建筑师:
architect |['ɑːkɪtekt]
He was one of the principal architects of the revolution. 他是那次革命的主要发动者之一。
Jones was the architect of the team’s first goal. 琼斯是球队入第一球的进攻发起者。
the principal architect of the constitution 宪法的主设计师
landscape, naval, residential（美）architect 景观设计师；军舰设计师；住宅设计师 
The house was designed by architect Louis Kahn. 这所房子是由建筑师路易斯·卡恩设计的。

n. [C] 极小的数量、一点点:
n. [C]（构成原子的）粒子（例如电子或质子）:
n. [C] 颗粒、微粒:
n. [C] [语法] 小品词（与动词构成短语动词的副词或介词）:
particle |[ˈpɑ:tɪkl;美ˈpɑ:rt-]
There was not a particle of evidence (= no evidence at all) to support the case. 没有丝毫支持这个论点的证据。
There is a particle of truth in his statement. 他的陈述中有一点点实话。
particle physicist 粒子物理学家 
particle physics 粒子物理学 
particle theory 粒子理论          
particles of dust 灰尘 
dust particles 尘埃 
a particle of hot metal 热金属微粒
In ‘She tore up the letter ’, the word ‘up’ is a particle. 在She tore up the letter句中，up是小品词。

n. [C]（群体、国家等之间的）正式协议、条约:
vi. ~ (with sth)（与…）一致，符合，配合:
~ sb/sth sth 给予、赠予、授予（权力、地位、某种待遇）:
accord |[əˈkɔ:d;美əˈkɔ:rd]
The two sides signed a peace accord last July. 在刚过去的七月，双方签订了和平条约。
a fitting way to celebrate the peace accord 庆祝和平协定的恰当的方式 
international accord 国际协议 
a trade accord between Europe and the United States 欧美间的贸易协议 
an accord on environmental protection 有关环境保护的协议 
They signed a trade accord with the Japanese. 他们与日本人签署了一项贸易协定。
These results accord closely with our predictions. 这些结果和我们的预测相当一致。
His version of events does not accord fully with the facts. 他对事情的描述与事实不完全相符。
Such an approach accords with the principles of socialist ideology. 这种方法与社会主义意识形态的原则相符。
scientific evidence that did not fully accord with the facts uncovered by the police 与警方所掌握的情况不完全一致的科学证据 
this military action, taken in accord with United Nations resolutions 依据联合国决议而采取的本次军事行动 
Old enemies can become new friends even if all their national interests are not in complete accord. 即使国家利益不尽相同，他们也可以化敌为友。
Our society accords great importance to the family. 我们的社会赋予家庭以十分重要的地位。
Our society accords the family great importance. 我们的社会赋予家庭以十分重要的地位。
His predecessor was accorded an equally tumultuous welcome. 他的前任受到了同样热烈的欢迎。
The government accorded him the rank of Colonel. 政府授予他上校军衔。

vi. pay (for sth) 为自己的信仰或行动而遭受痛苦或惩罚，付出代价:
vt. 与某些名词一起使用，表示将要付出…或将要做…:
n. [U] 某人由于做经常性的工作所获得的金钱，即工资，薪水。是一个广义概念，词义上已经涵盖了salary和wage:
vt.＆vi. pay (sb) (for sth) 支付工资:
vi.（一家公司等）产生利润，即盈利。但仅是一个不及物动词:
vt.＆vi. pay (sb) (for sth) 为购买的货物或服务而付钱。是此义的基础用词:
pay (sb) sth 支付欠款:
vt.＆vi.（对某人来说）受益:
pay |[peɪ]
You’ll pay for that remark! 你要为你说的话付出代价！
Many people paid with their lives. 许多人付出了生命。
He will pay dearly for what he did. 他将为自己的所作所为付出高昂的代价。
I’ll pay a call on (= visit) my friends. 我将去看朋友。
I didn’t pay attention to what she was saying. 我没有注意她在说什么。
The director paid tribute to all she had done for the charity. 董事赞扬她为慈善事业所做的一切。
He’s always paying me compliments. 他总是夸奖我。
hourly, monthly, weekly pay 时薪；月薪；周薪 
full, half pay（均尤英）全薪；半薪 
average pay 平均工资 
equal pay for men and women 男女同酬 
overtime pay 加班工资 
redundancy（英）, severance（尤美）pay 裁员费；解雇金 
retirement pay（尤美）退休金 
back pay 欠薪 
merit（美）, performance（尤英）pay 绩效工资 
level, rate of pay 工资水平 
pay day 发薪日 
pay packet（英）工资袋 
pay package 一揽子薪酬 
pay slip（英）, pay stub（美）工资单 
pay increase 涨薪 
pay cut 减薪 
pay grade 工资等级 
My company pays well. 我公司给的工资很高。
I’m paid $100 a day. 我每天工资100美元。
I don’t pay you to sit around all day doing nothing! 我不是花钱雇你整天干坐着的！
It’s hard to make farming pay. 种庄稼获利很不容易。
Are you paying in cash or by credit card? 您付现金还是用信用卡？
Her parents paid for her to go to Canada. 她父母出钱送她去加拿大。
to pay the taxi driver 付出租车费 
to pay him the rent 向他付租金 
She pays £200 a week for this apartment. 这套房子她每周要付租金200英镑。
vt. pay sth (to sb) 
to pay bill, to pay debt, to pay fine, to pay ransom 交账单；偿债；支付罚金；支付赎金 
to pay damages 赔偿损失 
to pay the worker £900 in compensation 向工人支付900英镑的赔偿金 
He still hasn’t paid me the money he owes me. 他还没归还欠我的钱呢。
Crime doesn’t pay. 犯罪是划不来的。
It would probably pay you to hire an accountant. 聘一名会计师或许对你有好处。

adj. [只用于名词前] 制药的、配药的、卖药的:
n. [usually pl.] [术语] 药物:
pharmaceutical |[ˌfɑ:məˈsu:tɪkl;-ˈsju:-;美ˌfɑ:rməˈsu:-]
a Swiss pharmaceutical company 一家瑞士制药公司 
pharmaceutical products 药物 
the pharmaceutical industry 制药业 
the development of new pharmaceuticals 新药的开发 
the pharmaceuticals industry 药物业 
Antibiotics were of no use, neither were other pharmaceuticals. 抗生素没有效果，其他药物也没有作用。

vt. 说冒犯人的话（或做冒犯人事），如侮辱:
n. [C] ~ (to sb/sth) 侮辱性的言语或行为:
insult |[ɪnˈsʌlt]
I have never been so insulted in my life! 我一生中从未被如此侮辱过！
She felt insulted by the low offer. 那么低的出价使她觉得受到了侮辱。
I did not mean to insult you. 我不是要故意侮辱你。
Buchanan said he was insulted by the judge's remarks. 布坎南说法官的那番话侮辱了他。
He was dismissed for publicly insulting prominent politicians. 他因当众辱骂政要而被辞退。
I felt deeply insulted that she hadn't asked me to the meeting. 她没请我参加会议，我感觉深受侮辱。
The crowd were shouting insults at the police. 人群大声辱骂着警察。
His comments were seen as an insult to the president. 他的评论被看成是对主席的冒犯。
The questions were an insult to our intelligence (= too easy). 那些问题（简单得）有辱我们的智慧。
Their behaviour was an insult to the people they represent. 他们的行为是对他们代表的人民的一种侮辱。
one of the worst insults you can throw at somebody 能够加诸他人的最恶毒的侮辱之一 
To call a woman a girl is the ultimate insult. 把一个女人叫作小妞是极端的侮辱。
I don't mean this as an insult, but I think the team would play better without you. 我不想羞辱你，不过我觉得球队如果没有你，表现会更好些。
I meant it as a bit of constructive advice, but he took it as a personal insult. 我的本意是提点儿建设性意见，但他却把这视为人身侮辱。
Foreigners have to suffer constant insults from the local population. 外国人不得不遭受当地人不断的侮辱。
The two groups of fans exchanged insults. 两帮粉丝互相谩骂。
Insults were flying back and forth. 双方你来我往，谩骂声不绝于耳。
It was an insult to his wife. 那是对他妻子的侮辱。
Then, to add insult to injury (= to make things worse), they told me I couldn't get on the flight. 更糟糕的是，他们随后又告诉我说我不能登机。

n. [usually sing.] 一股突然而强烈的感情:
vt.&vi. ~ (at/on) sth 用力拉拽某事物（通常为若干次拉拽）:
vt. 朝某一方向用力拉拽某事物:
n. [C] 突然的用力猛拉、猛拽:
n. [C]（也可用tugboat）拖船（是一种小型的、动力强劲的船只，用于拖拽其它船只，如将其它船只拖进港口等）:
tug |[tʌg]
a tug of attraction 一阵强烈的吸引          
He tugged lightly at my wrist. 他轻轻地拉了一下我的手腕。
She tugged at his arm to get his attention. 她拽了拽他的胳膊以引起他的注意。
Tom was up in a flash, tugging on his arm. 汤姆一跃而起揪住了他的胳膊。
She tugged at his sleeve to get his attention. 她拽了拽他的袖子引起他的注意。
He tugged me by the sleeve. 他拽了拽我的衣袖。
A little boy came running up and tugged at his sleeve excitedly. 一个小男孩跑上来，非常激动地拽着他的袖子。
She playfully tugged at his shirt. 她顽皮地拉拽他的衬衫。
The baby was tugging her hair. 婴儿直扯她的头发。
She kicked him, tugging his thick hair. 她一边踢他，一边扯着他那浓密的头发。
She nervously tugged at her long brown hair. 她紧张地拽着她棕色的长发。
He tugged the door open. 他用力拉开了门。
He tugged harder, but it was caught fast. 他加大力气拉，但它还是牢牢卡住。
a sad story that tugs at your heartstrings (= makes you feel sad)（比喻用法）令人心酸的故事 
He tugged the hat down over his head. 他把帽子往下拉了拉遮住脸。
She felt a sharp tug at her sleeve. 她感到衣袖被猛地拽了一下。
She gave her sister's hair a sharp tug. 她猛地使劲扯了一下她姐姐的头发。
All it needed was a good tug. 只要用力地拉一下就行了。
She started the engine with one tug of the starter rope. 她拉了一下启动绳启动了引擎。
She gave a little tug on the rope. 她轻轻地拉了一下绳子。

adj. [只用于名词前] [正式] 组成的、构成的一个整体的:
n. [C] 某事物的构成要素:
n. [C] 选区的选民、选举人:
constituent |[kənˈstɪtjuənt;美-tʃu-]
to break something up into its constituent parts/elements 把某物分离为各个组成部分（或要素）
a plan to split the company into its constituent parts and sell them separately. 把公司按组成部分分割后分别出售的计划 
the leaders of Russia's constituent republics 俄联邦各成员国的领导人
Caffeine is the active constituent of drinks such as tea and coffee. 咖啡因是茶、咖啡之类饮品中的活性成分。
She has the full support of her constituents. 她得到本区选民的全力支持。

Piecemeal is also an adverb. 逐渐而零碎地
If you describe a change or process as piecemeal, you disapprove of it because it happens gradually, usually at irregular intervals, and is probably not satisfactory. (变化或过程) 逐渐而零碎的
piecemeal |英 ['piːsmiːl]  美 ['pismil]| adv. 零碎地；逐个地/adj. 零碎的；逐渐的/n. 片；块/vt. 粉碎/
It was built piecemeal over some 130 years.它是在大约一百三十年间一点一点建造起来的。
These piecemeal solutions won't work.这些零敲碎打的解决办法不会有效。


A decimal is a fraction that is written in the form of a dot followed by one or more numbers which represent tenths, hundredths, and so on: for example, .5, .51, .517. 小数
A decimal system involves counting in units of ten. 十进制的
decimal |英 ['desɪm(ə)l]  美 ['dɛsɪml]| adj. 小数的；十进位的/n. 小数/
...simple maths concepts, such as decimals and fractions.…简单的数学概念，如小数和分数。
The mathematics of ancient Egypt were based on a decimal system.古埃及数学以十进制为基础。


Starch is a substance that is used for making cloth stiffer, especially cotton and linen. (用于使布料挺直的) 浆粉
Starch is a substance that is found in foods such as bread, potatoes, pasta, and rice and gives you energy. 淀粉
starch |英 [stɑːtʃ]  美 [stɑrtʃ]| n. 淀粉；刻板，生硬/vt. 给…上浆/n. (Starch)人名；(英)斯塔奇；(德、捷)施塔希/
He never puts enough starch in my shirts.他从不给我的衬衫上足够的浆粉。
She reorganized her eating so that she was taking more fruit and vegetables and less starch, salt, and fat.她重新调整了自己的饮食，在多吃水果蔬菜，少食用淀粉、盐和脂肪。


adj.（信念、态度）太坚定而不可动摇的、不可改变的:
adj. 不可战胜的:
invincible |[ɪnˈvɪnsəbl]
an invincible belief in his own ability 对他自己的能力坚定不移的信念 
He also had an invincible faith in the medicinal virtues of garlic. 他同时也对大蒜的医学功效深信不疑。
When Sotomayor is on form he is virtually invincible. 索托马约尔状态好时几乎无人可敌。
The team seemed invincible. 这个队似乎战无不胜。
It is a secret weapon that will make us invincible. 这是我们战无不胜的秘密武器。

n. [C] 给人以安全感的一个人或事物，即顶梁柱:
vt. 1 把…牢固地固定在某处，使其不能移动:
2 anchor sb/sth (in/to sth) 常用被动式，使…牢固地建立在某个基础之上:
n. [C] [尤美] 电视或广播节目的主持人，尤指新闻主持人:
vt.＆vi. [美] 主持电视或广播的新闻节目:
n. [C] 船的锚:
vt.＆vi. 抛锚（使船停止）:
anchor |['æŋkə]
the anchor of the family 全家的顶梁柱
to anchor the pole in the earth 把杆子固定在土里 
The crane is securely anchored at two points. 起重机稳稳地固定在两点之间。
The ropes were anchored to the rocks. 绳子固定到岩石上。
the movie is anchored in real experience 该影片基于真实经历
an anchor of the news programme 新闻节目主持人
to anchor the morning news 主持早间新闻
The ship cast anchor in the bay. 船在海湾里抛锚停泊。
We dropped anchor off a small island. 我们在一个小岛边下锚停航。
We raised the anchor and set sail. 我们起锚出航。
We could anchor off the pier. 我们可以在码头抛锚。

help or benefit:help或好处
use or take advantage of (an opportunity or available resource):
use or benefit:使用或受益
avail |əˈveɪl| Noun/Verb/:利用,使用
no amount of struggle availed Charles:查尔斯没有任何挣扎
you can avail discounts on food:你可以享受食物折扣
he begged her to reconsider, but to no avail:他恳求她重新考虑，但无济于事

vt. ~ sb/yourself/sth (from sb/sth) 将人（如病人、生病的动物、囚犯等）进行隔离，是一种地理意义上的隔离:
vt. ~ sb/yourself/sth (from sb/sth) 将人、组织机构等与其他人、组织机构等隔离开来，也可称为“使…陷于孤立”，是一种社会意义上的隔离，即让两者缺乏社会联系:
vt. ~ sth (from sth) 分离出情况、问题、想法等以供单独考察或应对:
vt. ~ sth (from sth) [术语] 从…中分离出物质、细胞等以供研究:
isolate |[ˈaɪsəleɪt]
Patients will be isolated from other people for between three days and one month after treatment. 治疗结束后,病人将与其他人隔离3天到1个月的时间。
You don't have to isolate them from the community. 你没必要把他们与社区隔离。
He was immediately isolated from the other prisoners. 他被立刻与其他囚犯隔离开来。
When he was thinking out a problem Tweed's habit was never to isolate himself in his room. 思考问题的时候,特威德从来没有把自己关在房间里的习惯。
This decision will isolate the country from the rest of Europe. 这一决定会将该国与欧洲其他地方隔离开来。
This policy could isolate the country from the other permanent members of the United Nations Security Council. 这一政策可能会使该国孤立于联合国安全理事会其他常任理事国之外。
Political influence is being used to shape public opinion and isolate critics. 政治影响正被用来左右公众舆论,使批评家们陷于孤立。
His radicalism and refusal to compromise isolated him. 他的激进主义与拒绝妥协使他受到孤立。
It is possible to isolate a number of factors that contributed to her downfall. 可以找出造成她垮台的一些因素。
Our anxieties can also be controlled by isolating thoughts, feelings and memories. 我们也可以通过将一些想法、感情与记忆分开考虑以控制焦虑情绪。
attempts to isolate a single factor as the cause of the decline of Britain 试图分离出一种因素作为英国衰退的原因 
We can use genetic engineering techniques to isolate the gene that is responsible. 我们可以使用基因工程技术把相关基因分离出来。
to isolate virus 分离出病毒 
Researchers have isolated a new protein from the seeds of poppies. 研究人员已经从罂粟种子里分离出一种新的蛋白质。

vi.（人）因一条腿受伤而缓慢或费力地行走，如一瘸一拐地走:
n. [usually sing.] 一瘸一拐的走:
vi.（交通工具等）受损后缓慢行进、艰难地移动:
vi.（组织机构、进程）缓慢或艰难地进展:
adj.（事物）柔软的、不直挺的:
adj.（人）无力的、无精力的、没精神的:
limp |[lɪmp]
She had twisted her ankle and was limping. 她把脚踝扭伤了，一瘸一拐地走着。
I wasn't badly hurt, but I injured my thigh and had to limp. 我伤得不重，但一条大腿伤到了，只好一瘸一拐地走。
He had to limp off with a leg injury. 他腿上有伤，离开时只能一瘸一拐地走。
Matt limped painfully off the field. 马特忍着痛歪歪斜斜地走出了运动场。
He limped away from his car. 他一瘸一拐地离开了他的车。
to walk with a pronounced limp 明显地一瘸一拐地走 
The accident had left him with a slight limp. 这起事故后，他有一点儿跛脚。
The plane limped back to the airport. 飞机艰难地返回了机场。
The government was limping along in its usual way. 政府按老一套挣扎着应付。
In recent years the newspaper had been limping along on limited resources. 近年来这家报社一直在靠有限的资源艰难维持。
The hat had become limp and shapeless. 这帽子软得不成样子了。          
She felt limp and exhausted. 她感到浑身无力，累极了。
She carried his limp body into the room and laid him on the bed. 她把绵软无力的他抱进房间，放在床上。
He hit his head against a rock and went limp. 他的头撞到一块岩石上，身子软了下来。
His arm hung limp at his side. 他的一只胳膊无力地垂在身旁。
His hand went limp and the knife clattered to the ground. 他的手一软，刀子当啷一声掉到地上。
She was told to reject applicants with limp handshakes. 她被告知要回绝掉那些握手软弱无力的申请者。
Her hair looked limp and lifeless. 她的头发看起来软塌塌的，毫无生气。       
