literature					文学，宣传册
historic						历史性的
tune					曲调，给...调音，调节
aggressive							好斗的，积极强硬的
identification						鉴定，认同
fuss							小题大做，争吵，烦恼
geometry								几何学
transit				运输，通过
potent				迅速见效的，强大的
transition				过渡
commotion				喧闹声，骚乱
tropic				回归线
tropics				热带地区
assert						断言，主张
malleable				有延展性的，易受影响的
resolution			坚定，决心，解决，分解
fleet						舰队，海军
summary				总结，即决的，概要的
irony								反语，具有讽刺意味的事
perspective				透视法，观点
polar							极地的，截然对立的
attendant					服务员，陪伴者，伴随的
handicap			残障，障碍
eligible					有资格的，合意的
crooked			弯曲的，不诚实的
diplomatic						外交的
plough					犁，耕地
riot								骚乱，丰富多彩
absorb								吸收，掌握，吸引，吞并
parody			滑稽的模仿
gear							用具，设备，所有物，排档，使...适合于
\\\\\\\\

n. [U] 文学；文学作品:
n. [U]（旨在销售产品或提出建议的）书面资料:
n. [U] 某一学科的文献、资料、著作:
literature |['lɪtərɪtʃə]
Chinese literature 中国文学 
popular literature 大众文学 
classic works of literature 经典文学作品
promotional, sales literature 促销资料；推销资料 
literature about the new product 有关这款新产品的宣传资料 
I picked up some literature about pensions. 我偶然得到一些关于退休金的资料。
the literature on economic policy 关于经济政策的文献 
historical, medical, scientific literature 历史文献；医学文献；科学文献 
professional（尤美）, scholarly literature 专业文献；学术文献

famous or important in history, or potentially so:历史上著名的或重要的，或可能如此
of or concerning history; of the past:关于或关于历史的；过去的
(of a tense) used in the narration of past events, especially Latin and Greek imperfect and pluperfect.:（时态）用于过去事件的叙述，尤其是拉丁语和希腊语的不完美和完美。
historic |hɪˈstɒrɪk| Adjective/:历史性,历史的
the area's numerous historic sites:该地区众多的历史遗迹
eruptions in historic times:历史时期的喷发

vt. tune sth (to sth) 调整…（以使其适合于某一情况）:
vt. tune sth (in) (to sth) 常用被动式，给收音机、电视等调频率或频道（使其能够接收到某一频率或频道）:
vt. 调整发动机或机器（使其运转正常）:
n. [C] 由一串音符组成的曲调、曲子:
vt. 为乐器调音或矫音（使其能发出正确的音符）:
tune |[tju:n]
His speech was tuned to what the audience wanted to hear. 他在演讲中专挑听众爱听的讲。
I tuned to the BBC for the late news. 我调到英国广播电台收听晚间新闻。
The television was tuned to a cartoon. 电视被调到了一个动画片频道。
Stay tuned for the news. 稍后请继续收听本台新闻。
The engine has been tuned. 发动机已经调好了。
folk tune 民歌曲调 
dance tune 舞曲 
She played us a tune on the piano. 她用钢琴给我们弹奏了一首曲子。
He hummed a merry little tune as he washed the dishes. 他洗盘子时哼着一曲欢快的小曲。
He couldn’t hold a tune. 他唱歌走调。
the tune of ‘Happy Birthday’《祝你生日快乐》的曲调
to tune the guitar 为吉他调音 

adj. 为了成功而用决心和力量去做事的，即（人）有进取心的，有闯劲的，好强的，志在必得的，或（活动）声势浩大的:
adj. 好斗的，挑衅的，富有攻击性的，侵略的:
aggressive |[ə'ɡresɪv]
an aggressive advertising campaign 一场声势浩大的广告宣传活动 
the company’s highly aggressive marketing techniques 该公司极富进取精神的营销技巧 
A good salesperson has to be aggressive in today’s competitive market. 在当今竞争激烈的市场上，一个好的销售员应该有进取精神。
Watching violence on TV makes some children more aggressive. 看暴力电视节目使一些孩子变得更具攻击性。
Her mood became openly aggressive. 她变得火药味十足。
He gets aggressive when he’s drunk. 他喝醉了就喜欢寻衅滋事。
verbally aggressive 用语言攻击的 
His dog was aggressive toward strangers. 他的狗对陌生人很凶。

n. [U, C] identification (of sb) (with sb/sth) 在不同的人（或事物）之间建立紧密联系的过程，即密切联系:
n. [U, C] 鉴定，验明，辨认（人或事物）:
n. [U, C] identification (with sb/sth) 对…的一种强烈感情，例如同情、理解或支持:
n. [U] 证明身份的正式文件:
n. [U] 识别…的存在、重要性或真实性，即确认:
identification |[aɪ͵dentɪfɪ'keɪʃn]
the voters’ identification of the Democrats with high taxes 选民把民主党和高税收画上等号
the identification of the crash victims 对事故伤亡者的鉴别 
She was unable to make a positive identification of the suspect. 她不能确切指认嫌疑人。
fingerprint, radio frequency, visual identification 指纹识别；射频识别；视觉识别 
identification bracelet, identification label, identification technology 识别腕带；识别标签；识别技术 
identification code 识别码 
Each product has a number for easy identification. 每件产品都有号码以便于识别。
identification procedure 鉴定程序
her emotional identification with the play’s heroine 她与剧中女主人公在情感上的共鸣 
their identification with the struggle for independence 他们对争取独立的斗争的支持
identification card, identification document, identification papers 身份证；身份证明文件；身份证明文书 
Can I see some identification, please? 请出示一下身份证件好吗？
Always carry some identification. 要随时携带能证明身份的证件。
My only means of identification was my credit card. 唯一能证明我身份的就是我这张信用卡了。
early identification of adolescents at risk for violence 对有遭受暴力侵害危险的青少年的早期确认 
the early identification of health problems 健康问题的早期确认

vi. ~ over sb 对某人过分关爱:
n. [sing.] make a ~ of sb 对某人关爱备至:
n. [sing.] 对某事（尤指不重要的事）发牢骚:
n. [sing.] 对某事（尤指不重要的事）发怒:
vi. ~ (about sth) 为不重要的事而烦恼或忧虑:
n. [U, sing.] 不必要的激动（或担忧、活动）:
~ (with/over sth) 过分关心不重要（或不必要）的事，或为这种事而瞎忙一气:
fuss |[fʌs]
Auntie Hilda and Uncle Jack couldn't fuss over them enough. 希尔达姨妈和杰克姨父对他们宠爱有加。
When I arrived my nephews made a big fuss of me. 我到达的时候，侄子们围着我嘘寒问暖。         
I'm sorry for making such a fuss about the noise. 对不起，我为吵闹声发了这么大的牢骚。
I kick up a fuss if my wife wants to spend time alone. 如果妻子想要单独呆一会儿我就会大发牢骚。
Steve kicks up a fuss every time I even suggest seeing you. 每次只要我提议看望你，史蒂夫就大吵大闹。
She kicked up a huge fuss when she heard about it. 她听到这事后大吵大闹。
Don't fuss, Mum, everything is all right. 别瞎操心了，妈妈，一切都好。
She made a big fuss about not having a window seat on the plane. 她因没有靠窗的飞机座位而小题大做。
I think it's all a lot of fuss over nothing. 我认为这些都是没事找事。
He does what he's told without any fuss. 他不声不响地按照吩咐办事。
All that fuss over a few pounds! 为几英镑就那么大惊小怪的！
It's a very ordinary movie--I don't know what all the fuss is about (= why other people think it is so good). 这是部很普通的电影——我不懂为什么就轰动一时。
It was all a fuss about nothing. 这完全是无谓地自寻烦恼。
We'd like a quiet wedding without any fuss. 我们喜欢静静举行婚礼，不大事声张。
He just gets down to work without any fuss. 他刚刚静下心来开始工作。
I don't know what all the fuss is about. 我不知道为什么要这样大惊小怪的。
I don't know why everybody makes such a fuss about a few mosquitoes. 我不知道为什么大家对几只蚊子大惊小怪的。
the fuss surrounding the controversial movie 围绕那部有争议的电影的骚动 
Once the fuss has blown over, we'll be able to get on with work as usual.（blow over尤为英式用法）等骚动一平息，我们就能正常工作了。
They left quietly, without a fuss. 他们安静地离开了，没有惊动任何人。
The children were all making a great fuss of the new baby. 孩子们都对这个刚出生的婴儿特别好奇。
The job was done with the minimum of fuss. 这项工作完成得有条不紊。
vi. ~ (around) 
Stop fussing around and find something useful to do! 别瞎忙活了，找点有用的事干！
Don't fuss with your hair! 不要没完没了摆弄你的头发了！
Carol fussed about getting me a drink. 卡萝尔手忙脚乱地要给我弄一杯喝的。
My wife was fussing over the food and clothing we were going to take. 我太太正在忙乱地准备我们要带的食物和衣服。

n. [U] 几何图形，几何形状，几何结构:
n. [U] 几何学:
geometry |[dӡɪ'ɒmɪtrɪ]
the geometry of an arch 拱形的几何结构
analytic geometry 解析几何 
solid geometry 立体几何

n. [U, C, usually sing.] 通过、经过（某地）:
n. 1 [U] 运输、运送:
2 [U] [尤美] 交通运输系统:
transit |[ˈtrænzɪt;-sɪt]
the transit lounge at Vienna airport 维也纳机场中转候机室 
a transit visa (= one that allows a person to pass through a country but not to stay there) 过境签证 
refugees arriving at the two transit camps 到达两个临时难民营的难民 
The port has become a transit point in the drug trade. 这个港口成了毒品交易的中转点。
The cost includes transit. 成本中包括运费。
The goods were damaged in transit. 货物在运输中受损。
goods in transit between factory and store 在工厂和商店之间的运输途中的商品 
in transit from factory to store 在工厂到商店的运输途中 
transit times 运送时间 
During their talks, the two presidents discussed the transit of goods between the two countries. 会谈中，两位总统讨论了两国间货物运输的问题。
a transit time of about 42 minutes 大约42分钟的运送时间 
the city's mass/public transit system 城市的公共交通运输系统 
The president wants to improve the nation's highways and mass transit systems. 总统希望改善该国的公路与公共交通系统。
the New York City Transit Authority 纽约市公共交通局 
rapid transit 快速交通 
rail transit 轨道交通 
city, local, regional, urban transit 城市交通；当地交通；区域交通；市区交通 
The city has acquired a light rail transit system. 该市有了轻轨交通系统。
transit hub, transit station 交通枢纽；中转站 
transit agency, transit authority 公交公司；交通管理局 
transit officer, transit official, transit police, transit worker 交警官员；交通工作人员 
transit union 交通工会 
The New York transit strike is in its second day. 纽约运输业的罢工进入第二天。
transit bus, transit train 公交车；轨道交通列车

adj. 1（对人的影响）有力的:
2 强大的、强有力的:
adj.（酒精饮料）有强大效力的:
adj. 对人的身体或头脑有很强影响力的:
potent |[ˈpəʊtnt;美ˈpoʊ-]
a potent argument 有力的论据 
a potent force 强大的力量 
Their most potent weapon was the Exocet missile. 飞鱼导弹是他们最有攻击力的武器。
a very potent alcoholic brew 烈性酒精饮料
a potent drug 猛药 
The drug is extremely potent, but causes unpleasant side effects. 这种药药效极强，但会产生不良的副作用。
a very potent alcoholic brew 烈性酒精饮料 
The vodka must have been pretty potent stuff. 这种伏特加酒劲儿肯定相当大。

vi.（从一种状态或条件）转变、过渡（到另一种状态或条件）:
~ (between A and B)（从一种状态或条件到另一种状态或条件的）转变、过渡:
transition |[trænˈzɪʃn;-ˈsɪʃn]
Most of the discussion was on what needed to be done now as we transitioned from the security issues to the challenging economic issues. 随着我们由安全议题转向具有挑战性的经济议题，讨论最多的就是目前需要做些什么。
There was a significant decline in the size of the business as the company transitioned to an intellectual property company. 随着公司向知识产权公司转型，其业务规模显著下降。
We need to ensure a smooth transition between the old system and the new one. 我们得确保新旧制度间的平稳过渡。
This course is useful for students who are in transition (= in the process of changing) from one training programme to another. 对转换培训项目的学生来说，这一课程是有帮助的。
orderly, peaceful transition 有序的过渡；和平的过渡 
democratic transition 民主过渡 
The negotiators hoped to bring about a smooth transition to an interim administration. 谈判人员希望促成向临时政府的平稳过渡。
The company was slow to make the transition from paper to computer. 公司由纸张办公过渡到电脑办公的转变很迟缓。
The ceremony marks the transition of the student to graduate status. 这个仪式标志着由学生到毕业生的身份转变。
Her transition from girl to woman was complete. 她已经从一个女孩变为一个女人。
transition period, transition process 过渡时期；过渡过程 
transition phase 过渡阶段 
transition committee, transition team 过渡委员会；过渡团队 
He will remain head of state during the transition to democracy. 在向民主政体过渡期间，他仍然是国家元首。
The country is in transition from an agricultural to an industrial society. 这个国家正从农业社会转变为工业社会。
This training course aims to smooth the transition between education and employment. 这个训练课程的目的就是实现从学校到就业之间的平稳过渡。
the transition from school to full-time work 从学校到全日工作的过渡阶段 
a state of transition 过渡状态

n. [C, usually sing., U] 突然发生的喧闹、骚乱、骚动:
commotion |[kəˈməʊʃn;美-ˈmoʊ-]
I heard a commotion and went to see what was happening. 我听到一阵喧闹便去看看发生了什么事情。
The crowd waiting outside was causing a commotion. 在外面等待的人群眼看就要发生骚乱 
Sounds of voices and commotion could be heard downstairs now. 现在能听见楼下人声鼎沸。
The people upstairs were making a great commotion. 楼上的人正闹作一团。
Lots of furniture had been knocked over in the commotion. 很多家具在骚乱中被掀翻了。
What's all the commotion about? 这乱哄哄的一片是怎么回事?


tropic |英 ['trɒpɪk]  美 ['trɑpɪk]| n. 热带；回归线/adj. 热带的/



The tropics are the parts of the world that lie between two lines of latitude, the tropic of Cancer, 23½° north of the equator, and the tropic of Capricorn, 23½° south of the equator. 热带
tropics |英 ['trɒpɪks]  美 ['trɔpɪks]| n. 热带地区/
Being in the tropics meant that insects formed a large part of our life.身处热带地区意味着昆虫成了我们生活的一大部分。


vt. 坚定维护自己的权力或权威:
vt. 主张或维护自己的权利:
vt. ~ yourself 坚持自己的主张、表现坚定:
vt. ~ itself 生效、开始起作用:
vt. 明确断言（某事属实）:
assert |[əˈsɜ:t;美əˈsɜ:rt]
I was determined to assert my authority from the beginning. 我决心一开始就维护我的权威。
After the war, the army made an attempt to assert its authority in the south of the country. 战后，军队试图在该国的南部地区维护其统治地位。
The people have asserted their power and that will be very difficult to reverse. 人民已经维护了其当家作主的权力，这将难以改变。
He was able to assert his power over the media. 他能够维护自己对媒体的影响力。
to assert your rights 维护权利 
She wished to assert her independence from her parents. 她希望能够坚持不依赖父母。
The republics began asserting their right to govern themselves. 各加盟共和国开始要求获得自治权。
He's speaking up and asserting himself confidently. 他明确表态，信心十足地阐述自己的观点。
Good sense asserted itself. 明智服人。
She continued to assert that she was innocent. 她仍然坚称自己无辜。
The defendants, who continue to assert their innocence, are expected to appeal. 各被告仍然坚称无辜，预计会提起上诉。
‘That is wrong, ’ he asserted. “那是错的。”他断言道。
It is commonly asserted that older people prefer to receive care from family members. 人们普遍确认，老年人更愿意由家人照顾。
Mr. Helm plans to assert that the bill violates the First Amendment. 赫尔姆先生打算声明该法案违反了宪法第一修正案。
The report asserts confidently that the industry will grow. 报告断言这个产业会发展起来。
He had no real evidence--he simply asserted that what he said was true. 他没有确凿的证据——只是坚称他说的是实话。

adj.（人、思想等）易受影响或易被改变的，即有可塑性的:
adj. [术语]（金属等）可锻造的、易成型的、有可塑性的、有延展性的:
malleable |[ˈmæliəbl]
The malleable mayor of New York was under his control. 这位听话的纽约市市长听命于他。
She was young enough to be malleable. 她还年轻，还很乖。
Silver is the most malleable of all metals. 银是延展性最好的金属。
using clay, plasticine or another malleable material 用黏土、橡皮泥或其他延展性强的材料

n. [U, sing.]（问题、分歧等的）解决或消除:
n. 1 [U] 坚定、坚决（的品质）:
2 [C] ~ (to do sth)（关于做某事或不做某事的）坚定的决定或决心:
n. [C] 委员会（尤指通过表决的方式）通过的决议、正式决定:
n. [U, sing.]（计算机屏幕、打印机、印刷机等产生的图像的）清晰度、分辨率:
resolution |[ˌrezəˈlu:ʃn]
The government is pressing for an early resolution of the dispute. 政府正在不断敦促早日解决这起纠纷。
the successful resolution of a dispute involving UN inspectors in Baghdad 涉及联合国驻巴格达观察员的争端的成功解决 
in order to find a peaceful resolution to the crisis 为了和平解决此次危机 
Hopes of a peaceful resolution to the conflict were fading. 和平解决冲突的希望日渐渺茫。
methods of conflict resolution 解决冲突的方法 
the non-violent resolution of conflict 冲突的非暴力解决 
the likelihood of achieving a satisfactory resolution to the problem 妥善解决该问题的可能性
The reforms owe a great deal to the resolution of one man. 这些改革主要归功于一个人的坚定决心。
'I think I'll try a hypnotist,' I said with sudden resolution. “我会找催眠师试试，”我突然坚决地说。
She showed great resolution in her dealings with management. 她与管理人员打交道时态度十分坚决。
They made a resolution to lose all the weight gained during the Christmas period. 他们下定决心要减去圣诞期间增加的体重。
She made a resolution to visit her relatives more often. 她决定要多走走亲戚。
Have you made any New Year's resolutions (= for example, to give up smoking from 1 January)? 你有什么新年计划吗？
I made a New Year's resolution to give up smoking. 我决心在新的一年把烟戒掉。
a draft resolution on the occupied territories 针对被占领领土的决议草案 
a joint US-British resolution 美英联合决议 
congressional, Security Council, Senate, shareholder, UN resolution 国会决议；安理会决议；参议院决议；股东决议；联合国决议 
war resolution 战争决议 
budget resolution（美）预算决议 
The legislature has approved a resolution calling for the removal of such advertising. 立法机构通过了一项决议，要求取消此类广告。
The resolution was carried unanimously. 决议获一致通过。
The resolution called for the resumption of negotiations. 决议要求恢复谈判。
a resolution declaring independence 宣布独立的决议 
The assembly adopted a resolution approving the plan. 大会采纳了通过该方案的决议。
a resolution condemning the invasion 谴责入侵的决议 
weapons banned under Resolution 687 687号决议禁止使用的武器 
The General Assembly rejected the resolution on the subject of arms control. 联合国大会否决了关于军备控制的决议。
He replied that the UN had passed two major resolutions calling for a complete withdrawal. 他答复说联合国已经通过了两项号召全面撤军的重要决议。
high-resolution graphics 高清晰度的图形 
image, screen resolution 图像分辨率；屏幕分辨率 
a monitor capable of a 1,024 by 768 pixel resolution 1,024×768像素的显示器 
24-bit resolution 24比特分辨率 
Now this machine gives us such high resolution that we can see very small specks of calcium. 现在这台机器可以呈现很高的分辨率，我们可以看见非常小的钙微粒。

adj. [文学] 能跑得快的:
n. [sing.] the fleet指（一国的）全部军舰:
n. [C]（由同一人率领的）舰队:
n. [C] ~ (of sth)（共同行动或隶属于同一组织机构的）一群飞机，如机群:
n. [C] 非军事性船队:
n. [C] ~ (of sth)（共同行动或隶属于同一组织机构的）一群公交车、出租车等，如车队:
fleet |[fli:t]
fleet of foot 跑得快 
fleet-footed 跑得快
a reduction in the size of the British fleet 英国海军的裁减
The damage inflicted upon the British fleet was devastating. 英国舰队遭到了毁灭性的重创。
The entire fleet was sunk. 整个舰队都沉没了。
a large fleet of warships 庞大的战舰编队 
small fleet 小型舰队 
naval fleet 海军舰队 
battle, invasion fleet 作战舰队；入侵舰队 
enemy fleet 敌军舰队 
submarine fleet 潜艇舰队 
The fleet was sent in and the country prepared for war. 该国已调来舰队，为战争做好了准备。
To maintain a submarine fleet is a major commitment. 保有一支潜艇舰队是一项重大的责任。
The fleet was very expensive to maintain. 维护舰队的费用非常高。
There were over 500 ships in the enemy fleet. 敌军舰队有500多艘船只。           
fishing, whaling fleet 捕鱼船队；捕鲸船队 
merchant fleet 商船队 
tanker fleet 油轮船队 
He operated a small fishing fleet. 他掌管一个小型渔船队。
restaurants supplied by local fishing fleets 由当地捕鱼船队供货的饭馆
car, vehicle fleet 车队 
the company car fleet 公司车队 
a fleet of taxis 出租车车队 
the company's new fleet of vans 公司的新客货车队 
With its own fleet of trucks, the company delivers most orders overnight. 这个公司拥有自己的货车车队，大多数订购货品可以隔日送到。
A fleet of ambulances took the injured to hospital. 一队救护车把伤者送往医院。

adj. [有时含贬义] 执行迅速（而不遵从本应遵从的正常过程）的，即从速从简的；草草的:
n. [C] 对…的要点（而非细节）所做的简短阐述，即总结，概括，概要。在方式上强调简洁，在内容上强调结论，常是一种简洁的结论。表“摘要”时，也是一种总结性摘要，既可放在一篇论文的开头（即标题之下，正文之前），也可放在正文之后。词义范围较广，可以说本组其它表示“摘要”的词，都是一种summary:
adj. [正式] 总结性的；概括的；概要的:
summary |['sʌmərɪ]
summary justice, summary judgement, summary execution 草草判决；草草处决
The following is a summary of our conclusions. 现将我们的几点结论综述如下。
financial, statistical summary 财务总结；统计概要 
news, plot summary 新闻摘要；情节概要 
her summary of the day’s events 她当天的事务总结 
in summary 总而言之 
summary report, summary statement 总结性报告；总结性陈词 
a summary financial statement 财务报表汇总

n. 1 [U, C]（出乎意料的）奇异可笑之处；有讽刺意味的情况:
2 [U]（常指笑话中的）反语；反话:
irony |[ˈaɪrəni]
The irony is that when he finally got the job, he discovered he didn't like it. 讽刺的是，当他最终得到那份工作时，他发现自己并不喜欢它。
It was one of life's little ironies. 那是生活中的一个小小的嘲弄。
The irony is that many officials in Washington agree in private that their policy is inconsistent. 具有讽刺意味的是，华盛顿的很多官员都私下里承认他们的政策前后不一致。
Opposition parties lost no time in stressing the irony of his return to power after being rejected by voters in November. 他11月份遭选民否决后又重新上台，反对党马上对这一讽刺性现象大做文章。
‘England is famous for its food,’ she said with heavy irony. “英格兰的食物很有名哪。”她极其讽刺地说道。
There was a note of irony in his voice. 他的声音里有一丝挖苦的味道。
She said it without a hint/trace of irony. 她说此话没有一点嘲讽之意。
They find only irony in the narrator's concern. 他们发现叙述者只是一味地嘲讽。
Sinclair examined the closed, clever face for any hint of irony, but found none. 辛克莱审视着那张不动声色的精明的脸庞，试图寻找任何冷嘲的迹象，但是却什么都没发现。

n. [C] ~ (on sth) 对某事的某种态度，思考…的一个方法，可称为视角、观点。尤指受到自己的信仰和经历影响而产生的看待问题的视角:
n. [C] 景观，尤指在其中可以看到远处的景观:
n. [U] 理智地思考问题或做决策的能力:
n. [U] 绘图中的透视法:
perspective |[pəˈspektɪv;美pərˈs-]
cultural, political, social, theoretical perspective 文化视角；政治视角；社会视角；理论视角 
The book adopts a historical perspective. 这本书是从历史的视角来写的。
a feminist perspective in philosophy 女性视角下的哲学 
multicultural education based on a global perspective 基于全球视角的多元文化教育 
His experience abroad provides a wider perspective on the problem. 他在国外的经历使他以更广阔的视角看待这个问题。
This website puts a completely different perspective on world news. 这个网站从一种截然不同的视角出发解读国际新闻。
This latest study explores stress from a unique perspective. 这项最新研究通过一个独特的视角探讨压力。
stories told from multiple perspectives 从多个角度讲述的故事 
personal perspective 个人视角 
Try to see the issue from a different perspective. 试以不同的角度看待这件事。
a report that looks at the education system from the perspective of deaf people 从聋人的角度看待教育制度的一份报告 
The author brings a balanced perspective to these complex issues. 笔者给这些复杂的问题带来了一个平衡协调的观点。
We should view this from the perspective of the people involved. 我们应该设身处地地看待这件事。
a shift in perspective 视角的转换 
The death of his father has given him a new perspective on life. 父亲的去世让他对人生有了新的认识。
When you reach middle age, you get a different perspective on life. 人到中年，就会从不同的角度认识生活。
a perspective of the whole valley 山谷全景
a sense of perspective 洞察力 
Remember to keep things in perspective. 记住要客观看待事物。
Try to keep these issues in perspective. 要尽量恰当地处理这些问题。
Talking to others can often help to put your own problems into perspective. 跟别人谈谈往往有助于正确看待自己的问题。
Let's get this into perspective. 我们要客观看待这一点。
Her death put everything else into perspective. 她的死使人们开始正视所有其他事情。
It is important not to let things get out of perspective. 重要的是不要把事情轻重倒置。
It's easy to lose perspective on things when you are under stress. 在压力下容易对事情做出错误判断。
the laws of perspective 透视法则 
horizontal, vertical perspective 水平透视法；垂直透视法 
distorted perspective 扭曲的透视效果 
We learnt how to draw buildings in perspective. 我们学习如何用透视法画建筑物。
That tree is out of perspective. 那棵树画得不成比例。

relating to the North or South Pole:关于北极或南极
(of an animal or plant) living in the north or south polar region:（指动物或植物）生活在北极或南极地区
relating to the poles of a celestial body:关于天体的两极
relating to a celestial pole.:
relating to the poles of a sphere.:关于球体的两极。
relating to the poles of a cell, organ, or part.:与细胞、器官或部分的两极有关。
having electrical or magnetic polarity.:具有电或磁极性。
(of a liquid, especially a solvent) consisting of molecules with a dipole moment.:（液体，尤其是溶剂）由具有偶极矩的分子组成。
(of a solid) ionic.:（固体）离子。
directly opposite in character or tendency:在性格或倾向上完全相反
the straight line joining the two points at which tangents from a fixed point touch a conic section.:连接两点的直线，固定点的切线与圆锥曲线相交。
a variable binary star which emits strongly polarized light, one component being a strongly magnetic white dwarf.:一颗发射强偏振光的变双星，其中一个成分是强磁性白矮星。
polar |ˈpəʊlə| Adjective/Noun/:极性,极地的
the polar regions:极地
most polar birds breed seasonally:大多数极地鸟类季节性繁殖
the polar radius of Jupiter is 66,550 km:木星的极半径为66550公里
depression and its polar opposite, mania:抑郁症及其对立面，躁狂症

adj. [正式] [常用于名词前] ~ (upon sth) 与刚发生的事紧密相连的，即随之而来的:
n. [C]（加油站、停车场、更衣室等的）服务员、侍者:
n. [C]（要人的）侍从，随从:
n. [C]（病人的）护理者:
attendant |[əˈtendənt]
attendant problems, attendant risks, attendant circumstances 随之而来的问题；随之而来的风险；随之而来的情况 
We had all the usual problems attendant upon starting a new business. 我们遇到了创业时通常会出现的所有问题。
Mr Branson's victory, and all the attendant publicity, were well deserved. 布兰森先生的胜利，以及随之而来的关注度，都是理所应当的。
the risks attendant on the exploration of the unknown 探索未知所带来的危险
car-park（英）, garage, gas-station（美）, parking, parking-lot（美）, petrol-pump（英）attendant 停车场管理员；修车厂接待员；加油站服务员 
flight attendant 飞机上的服务员 
cloakroom（英）, lavatory（英）, restroom（美）, washroom（美）attendant 衣帽间服务员；洗手间服务员；卫生间管理员 
museum, pool attendant（均英）博物馆接待员；游泳池救生员 
Pool attendants kept a constant watch on the swimmers. 游泳池的救生员一直留意着游泳的人。
Tony Williams was working as a car-park attendant in Los Angeles. 托尼·威廉斯在洛杉矶的一个停车场当服务生。

vt. [常用被动式] 使某人的做事过程更艰难，即妨碍、阻碍:
n. [C]（使某人的做事过程变得艰难的）障碍、阻碍:
n. [C, U] [变得过时，有时具有冒犯性] 长期的生理或智力缺陷（如弱智、残疾）（患病者失去了运用某个身体部位或智力的能力）:
n. [C] [体育] 让步赛（使参赛者中的优势方需要跑更远的距离、增加负重等）；（让步赛中给优势方施加的）障碍，不利条件:
n. [C]（高尔夫球运动中）给弱者增加的杆数（按击球次数计数，并随参赛者的进步而减少）:
handicap |[ˈhændikæp]
British exports have been handicapped by the strong pound. 英镑坚挺影响了英国的出口。
Greater levels of stress may seriously handicap some students. 压力的加重可能会给一些学生带来严重的负面影响。
The industrial injuries scheme takes into account the actual disability and whether it handicaps a person in working. 工伤赔偿方案要考虑实际残疾情况以及残疾是否会影响其工作能力。
Not speaking the language proved to be a bigger handicap than I'd imagined. 事实证明不会讲这种语言造成的障碍比我所想象的大。
She was away from school for 15 weeks, a handicap she could have done without. 她有15周没上学，这给她带来了本不该有的障碍。
This could be a serious handicap to her education. 这可能对她的教育构成严重障碍。
Being a foreigner was not a handicap. 身为外国人并不是一个障碍。
His lack of height can prove a handicap against tall players. 他身高不足，和高个子运动员交锋时会处于下风。
Lack of transport was a major handicap. 交通条件匮乏是一大障碍。
mental, physical, visual handicap 智力缺陷；生理缺陷；视力缺陷 
Despite her handicap, Jane is able to hold down a full-time job. 简尽管有生理缺陷，却能够保住一份全职工作。
He lost his leg when he was ten, but learnt to overcome his handicap. 他10岁时失去了一条腿，但他学会了克服自己的残疾。           
I see your handicap is down from 16 to 12. 我发现你的差点已从16杆降到了12杆。

having the right to do or obtain something; satisfying the appropriate conditions:拥有做某事或获得某事的权利；满足适当的条件
(of a person) desirable or suitable as a partner in marriage:（某人的）理想的或适合作为婚姻伴侣的
eligible |ˈɛlɪdʒɪb(ə)l| Adjective/:有资格的,合格,符合条件
customers who are eligible for discounts:有资格享受折扣的客户
the world's most eligible bachelor:世界上最有资格的单身汉

If you describe a person or an activity as crooked, you mean that they are dishonest or criminal. 腐败的; 恶棍般的
A crooked smile is uneven and bigger on one side than the other. 歪斜着嘴的
If you describe something as crooked, especially something that is usually straight, you mean that it is bent or twisted. 扭曲的
crooked |英 ['krʊkɪd]  美 ['krʊkɪd]| adj. 弯曲的；歪的；不正当的/
...a crooked cop.…一名坏警察。
Polly gave her a crooked grin.波莉给了她歪斜着嘴的一笑。
...the crooked line of his broken nose.…他折了的鼻梁的曲线。


adj. 善于处理困难情形中的人际关系的，如有手腕的、灵活变通的:
adj. 外交的、从事外交的:
diplomatic |[ˌdɪpləˈmætɪk]
a diplomatic answer 圆通的回答 
She is very direct. I tend to be more diplomatic, I suppose. 她人很直，我觉得我更婉转一些。        
a diplomatic crisis 外交危机 
Attempts are being made to settle the dispute by diplomatic means. 正在努力通过外交途径解决争端。
to restore diplomatic relations with a country 与某国恢复外交关系 
Efforts are being made to avert war and find a diplomatic solution. 各方正在为避免战争、寻求外交解决途径而做出积极的努力。

n. [sing.] [英] [美式英语用the Big Dipper] the Plough可指北斗七星；大熊星座:
vt.&vi. 犁（地）；耕（地）:
n. [C] 耕地用的犁:
plough |[plaʊ]
ploughed fields 犁过的田地 
They ploughed nearly 100,000 acres of virgin moorland. 他们犁了将近10万英亩未开垦的高沼地。
There was not one inch of soil that was not under the plough. 没有一寸土地未被开垦成耕地。
as we put more and more wilderness under the plough 随着我们将越来越多的荒地开垦成耕地 
horse-drawn, ox-drawn plough 马拉的犁；牛拉的犁 
They need two horses to pull these heavy ploughs. 他们需要两匹马拉这些重型犁。
plough horse, plough team 拉型的马；拉犁的一组动物 
plough furrow 犁沟

n. [sing.] [过时，非正式] a riot可指非常有趣或招笑的一个人或一件事:
n. [sing.] [正式] ~ of sth 很多种类的某东西的大杂烩:
n. [C]（一群人在公共场合的）暴乱、骚乱（通常为了表示抗议）:
vi.（人群在公共场合）发生骚乱、闹事（通常为了表示抗议）:
riot |[ˈraɪət]
laugh riot（美）笑料百出的东西 
The movie is a laugh riot. 这部电影很搞笑。
The garden was a riot of colour. 花园里色彩缤纷。
All the cacti were in flower, so that the desert was a riot of colour. 所有的仙人掌都开花了，整个沙漠里五彩缤纷。
With Indian cuisine, you expect a riot of tastes and spices. 印度菜肴口味丰富，并添加各种香料。
major, serious riot 严重的暴乱 
full-scale riot 大规模暴乱 
bloody, violent riot 流血骚乱；暴力骚乱 
deadly riot（尤美）致人死亡的骚乱 
inner-city（尤英）, street, urban riot 旧城区暴乱；街头暴乱；城区暴乱 
prison riot 监狱暴乱 
race riot 种族骚乱 
political, religious riot 政治暴乱；宗教骚乱 
anti-American, anti-war riot 反美骚乱；反战骚乱 
student riot 学生暴乱 
bread, food riot 争抢面包的骚乱；争抢食物的驿乱 
draft riot（尤美）征兵暴动 
The city's housing and unemployment problems provoked serious riots. 该城市的住房和失业问题引发了严重的骚乱。
riot cop（尤美）, riot police, riot squad 防暴警察；防暴队 
riot gear, riot gun（尤美, riot helmet（尤美）, riot shield 防暴装备；防暴枪；防暴头盔；防暴盾牌 
riot control 防暴 
One prison guard was killed when a riot broke out in the jail. 一位狱警在监狱骚乱中遇难。
Twelve inmates have been killed during a riot at the prison. 十二名犯人在一场监狱暴乱中被杀害。
He was killed in the riots. 他在暴乱中被杀。
Last year 600 inmates rioted, starting fires and building barricades. 去年，600名犯人闹事，他们纵火并设置路障。
They rioted in protest against the government. 他们发动暴乱，以抗议政府的行为。

vt. 使专注于…，使全神贯注:
vt. 常用被动式，使（小事物）并入到（大事物）:
vt. 用尽大量时间，即耗费，消耗:
vt. 应对、承担、承受（变化、结果、费用等）:
vt. 用尽大量某事物（尤指金钱或时间），即耗费，消耗:
vt. 1 吸收（液体、气体或其他物质）:
2 吸收（光、热、能量等）:
3 减轻（打击、碰撞等的）作用，使缓冲:
vt. 吸收或消化、理解（信息）:
vt.（身体）吸收（液体、气体或其他物质）:
vt. 用尽大量金钱，即耗费，消耗。其主语是消耗钱的东西，而不是花钱者（这点与cost类似）:
absorb |[əb'zɔ:b;-sɔ:b][əb'zɔ:b;-sɔ:b]
His work absorbed him completely. 他的工作让他全心投入。
to absorb the influx of refugees 接纳涌入的难民 
This town has been absorbed into the city. 这个镇子已被并入了城市。
These committees were absorbed into the local government machine. 这些委员会被并入到当地的政府机构中。
to absorb large losses 承受巨大损失
It absorbed vast amounts of capital. 它消耗掉了大量资本。
to absorb carbon dioxide 吸收二氧化碳 
to absorb moisture 吸收水分 
Nutrients are absorbed into the bloodstream. 营养成分被吸收进血液中。
to absorb energy 吸收能量 
to absorb heat 吸收热量 
absorb the impact of the foot striking the ground 缓冲脚踏在地面上所产生的冲击力
to absorb the information 吸收信息
to be easily absorbed into the skin 易被皮肤吸收 
Nutrients are absorbed into the bloodstream. 营养成分被吸收进血液中。
It aborbed vast amounts of capital. 它消耗掉了大量资本。

vt.（尤指为逗别人笑而）滑稽、夸张地模仿:
n. 1 [C, U] ~ (of sth) 滑稽模仿的作品（是对文章、音乐作品、戏剧或表演等的滑稽仿作）:
2 [C] [贬] ~ (of sth) 拙劣、荒诞的模仿:
parody |[ˈpærədi]
a sketch parodying the views of Jean-Marie Le Pen 夸张模仿让－马里·勒庞观点的短剧 
Any style can be parodied. 任何风格都能被模仿。
song parody（尤美）唱歌模仿 
a parody of a horror film 一部恐怖电影的仿作 
'The Scarlet Capsule' was a parody of the popular 1959 TV series 'The Quatermass Experiment'.《红胶囊》戏仿了1959年大受欢迎的电视连续剧《夸特马斯试验》。
The show included a parody on Hollywood action movies. 这次演出中有一个讽刺好莱坞动作电影的模仿之作。
Throughout the Twenties, Lardner tried in vain to write a hit song, so at last he turned to parody. 整个二十年代，拉德纳尝试着想要写出一首走红歌曲，可是都失败了，于是最后转向戏仿他人的作品。
She has written a cruel parody of his book. 她的模仿之作对他的那本书进行了无情的嘲讽。
He attacked her ideas through parody. 他通过模仿嘲弄攻击了她的观点。
The trial was a parody of justice. 那次审判是对正义的嘲弄。
He sighed in a parody of deep emotion. 他装作动情地叹息起来。
She has become a grotesque parody of her former elegant self. 她成为了以前那个举止优雅的自己的怪诞模仿品。

vt. gear sth to/towards sth [常用被动式] 使与…相适应；使适合于:
n. [U, C] 用于谈论做某事的努力:
vt. gear sth to/towards sth [常用被动式] 使满足需要:
n. [U, C] 用于谈论做某事的速度:
vt. gear sth to/towards sth [常用被动式] 使为…而准备；使为了达到…而作好准备:
n. [U]（针对某种活动的）设备，用具，衣服:
n. 1 [U]（针对某种活动的）设备，用具，衣服:
2 [U]（非正式）衣服:
n. [U]（针对某种活动的）设备，用具，衣服:
n. [U] [非正式] 某人所拥有的东西，如所有物、财物:
n. [U]（常构成复合词）有特定用途的器械或装置:
n. [U] [俚语] 毒品（尤指海洛因）:
n. 1 [C, usually pl.]（车辆的）排挡、齿轮、传动装置:
2 [U, C]（车辆的）挡:
gear |[gɪə(r);美gɪr]
an economy exclusively geared towards/toward tourism 单纯发展旅游业的经济
Colleges are not always geared to the needs of mature students. 大学有时满足不了成人学生的需求。
Our training sessions are geared specifically to the needs of older workers. 我们的培训课程是专门针对年龄较大的工人的需要而开设的。
The party organization is moving into top gear as the election approaches.（英）随着选举的临近，这个政党的组织工作正在紧锣密鼓地进行。
to move into high gear（美）进入高速发展 
Coming out of the final bend, the runner stepped up a gear to overtake the rest of the pack. 赛跑者绕过最后一个弯道后开始加速，以图超越同组的其他选手。
My training was geared towards winning gold in Munich. 我为了在慕尼黑夺取金牌而进行训练。
camping, climbing, fishing, hiking, riding, running, sports, swimming gear 露营装备；登山用具；渔具；徒步旅行用具；骑马装备；跑步装备；运动装备；游泳装备 
breathing gear（尤英）呼吸装置 
firemen in breathing gear 戴着呼吸器的消防队员
camping, climbing, fishing, hiking, riding, running, sports, swimming gear 露营装备；登山用具；渔具；徒步旅行用具；骑马装备；跑步装备；运动装备；游泳装备 
breathing gear（尤英）呼吸装置 
firemen in breathing gear 戴着呼吸器的消防队员 
protective gear 保护装置 
The hot weather makes it hard for soldiers in protective gear. 炎热的天气使穿着防护服的士兵备受煎熬。
the plane's landing gear 飞机的起落架 
battle, combat, riot gear 作战服；防暴服 
About 100 officers in riot gear were needed to break up the fight. 大约需要100名穿防暴服的警察前来制止这场斗殴。
outdoor gear 户外运动服 
designer gear 名牌服装 
She was the only one wearing expensive designer gear. 她是当时唯一一位穿着昂贵的名牌服装的人 
She had her running gear on. 她穿着一身跑步服。
a group of men in combat gear 一群身着战斗服的人 
wearing the latest gear 穿着最新款式的衣服 
I used to wear trendy gear but it just looked ridiculous. 我以前常穿新潮的衣服，但看上去却滑稽可笑。
camping, climbing, fishing, hiking, riding, running, sports, swimming gear 露营装备；登山用具；渔具；徒步旅行用具；骑马装备；跑步装备；运动装备；游泳装备 
breathing gear（尤英）呼吸装置 
firemen in breathing gear 戴着呼吸器的消防队员
I've left all my gear at Dave's house. 我把我所有的东西都留在戴夫家了。
lifting, towing, winding gear 起重装置；牵引装置；卷扬装置
Are these people using gear and amphetamines at the same time? 这些人同时服用海洛因和安非他明吗？
Careless use of the clutch may damage the gears. 离合器使用不慎可能会损坏传动装置。
bottom, top gear（均英）最低挡；最高挡 
She was driving along in top gear. 她当时正以最高挡行驶。
high, low gear 高速挡；低速挡 
first, second gear 一挡；二挡 
reverse gear 倒挡 
Engage first gear and move off. 挂一挡起步。
It's difficult to steer and change/shift gear at the same time.（change尤为英式用法，shift为美式用法）很难一面操作方向盘一面换挡。
He found it hard to switch gears when he retired.（比喻用法）他发现退休后很难调整好状态。
She put the car into first gear and drove off. 她挂上一挡，开车走了。
Coming out of the final bend, the runner stepped up a gear to overtake the rest of the pack. 过了最后一个弯道，那个赛跑选手加速要超过其他选手。
He was crashing the gears because he was so nervous.（crash为英式用法）由于太紧张，他挂挡时车发出了咣当声。
She made a smooth gear change. 她轻松地换了挡。
gear lever, gear shift（美）, gear stick（通常用gearstick）（英）变速杆 
What gear are you in? 你挂的是几挡？
I was driving along in third gear. 我当时正以三挡行驶。
When parking on a hill, leave the car in gear. 在斜坡上停车时把汽车挂上挡。
On hills, he must use low gears. 在山上，他必须挂低速挡。
Leave the car out of gear. 把车换成空挡。
He drove wildly, crashing through the gears like a maniac. 他开车很野，发疯似的啪啦啪啦地换挡。
