chant								吟唱，吟诵
rupture			断绝，破裂
ritual					仪式，惯例
leaflet			传单
subsequent				随后的
aviation						航空
fraud			诈骗，骗子
initial								首字母，开始的
erase			擦掉，删除，消灭
readily			乐意的，容易的
limb				肢体
mint				铸币厂，大量的钱，簇新的，铸造，薄荷
pitch			场地，强度，宣传用语，斜坡，投掷，使...有针对性
counter						柜台，筹码，反驳
dedicate								献出
vindicate			证明...无辜，证明...有理
current						当前的，流行的，电流，趋势
flaunt			炫耀
parliament			议会
specification				明确说明，规格，要求
anniversary				周年纪念日
homestay			家宅，农庄
scan						仔细观察，扫描
grace					优雅，宽限期，大度，优点，装饰
cite							引用，举例，嘉奖
tranquility		平静，安宁
severe									严重的，严肃的
excess						过量，过多的
considerate						体贴的
\\\\\\\\

n. [C]（一群人反复呼喊或唱出的）话语:
vt.＆vi.（反复地）唱或呼喊（相同的字词或短语）:
n. [C, U]（用少量的音符重复多次地唱或吟诵的）宗教歌曲或祷文；或（以此方式进行的）单调吟唱:
vt.＆vi.（用少量的音符重复多次地）唱或吟诵（宗教圣歌或祷文）:
chant |[tʃɑːnt]
football chant（英）为足球队加油的呼喊声 
The crowd broke into chants of “Out! Out!” 人群突然爆发出“下台！下台！”的反复呼喊声。
The band left the stage to chants of ‘We want more! We want more!’ 乐队在“再来一个！再来一个！”的呼喊声中离开了舞台。
Demonstrators chanted slogans. 示威者们反复地喊着口号。
The crowd chanted the leader’s name. 民众不断呼喊着这位领袖的名字。
a Buddhist chant 佛经诵念 
ritual chant 祈祷歌 
Gregorian chant 格列高利圣咏 
to chant and pray 唱圣歌并祈祷

If someone or something ruptures relations between people, they damage them, causing them to become worse or to end. 使 (关系) 破裂; 使决裂
If there is a rupture between people, relations between them get much worse or end completely. (关系) 破裂; 决裂
If an object ruptures or if something ruptures it, it bursts open. 使爆裂; 爆裂
If you rupture yourself, you rupture a part of your body, usually because you have lifted something heavy. 使患疝气
If a person or animal ruptures a part of their body or if it ruptures, it tears or bursts open. 使 (体内组织) 破裂; (体内组织) 破裂
A rupture is a severe injury in which an internal part of your body tears or bursts open, especially the part between the bowels and the abdomen. (体内组织) 破裂
rupture |英 ['rʌptʃə]  美 ['rʌptʃɚ]| n. 破裂；决裂；疝气/vi. 破裂；发疝气/vt. 使破裂；断绝；发生疝/
Brutal clashes between squatters and police yesterday ruptured the city's governing coalition.昨天私自占地者与警察的野蛮冲突使这座城市的执政联盟破裂。
The incidents have not yet caused a major rupture in the political ties between countries.这些事件尚未造成各国间政治联系的严重破裂。
Certain petrol tanks in trucks can rupture and burn in a collision.卡车内的某些油箱会在一次碰撞中爆裂起火。
He ruptured himself playing football.他因踢足球而发了疝气。
While playing badminton, I ruptured my Achilles tendon.打羽毛球的时候，我把跟腱撕裂了。
His stomach might rupture from all the acid.他的胃可能会因为所有这些酸而穿孔。
He died of an abdominal infection caused by a rupture of his stomach.他死于由一次胃穿孔引发的腹部感染。


n. [C, U] 习惯、老规矩:
adj.（言行）习惯的、老套的，尤指不真诚地例行公事的:
n. [C, U] 仪规，尤指涉及很多固定程序的宗教仪式:
adj. 作为仪规或仪式的一部分的:
ritual |[ˈrɪtʃuəl]
daily, nightly, Sunday ritual 日常惯例；晚间惯例；周日惯例 
Eating around the table was a family ritual that could not be broken. 围着桌子吃饭是一个不可打破的家庭规矩。
A cognac before bed is one of our little nightly rituals. 临睡前喝点儿白兰地是我们每天晚上的小习惯之一。
She had to go through the ritual of kissing the toys before her son would go to sleep. 她得亲吻一遍玩具后儿子才肯睡觉。
Sunday lunch with the in-laws has become something of a ritual. 星期天，和姻亲们共进午餐已经成了例行的公事。
The whole Italian culture revolves around the ritual of eating. 整个意大利的文化都以饮食习惯为中心。
Cocktails at the Plaza was a nightly ritual of their sophisticated world. 到广场饭店喝鸡尾酒是他们这个高雅时髦的圈子中的人每晚必做的事情。
Jake began the evening ritual of asking about everyone's day. 杰克晚上开始例行公事地询问大家一天的情况。
She makes an elaborate ritual of the washing-up. 她洗刷饭后餐具的程序总是相当复杂。
Her visits to her aged father have become a ritual. 她看望老父已成了一种习惯。
Bargaining at the markets is now just an empty ritual. 市场上的讨价还价现在只不过是走走形式罢了。
ritual expressions of sympathy 例行公事地表示同情 
I realized that here the conventions required me to make the ritual noises. 我意识到此时按照惯例我应该说些客套话。
religious rituals 宗教仪式 
ancient, primitive ritual 古老的仪式；原始的仪式 
elaborate, solemn ritual 精心安排的仪式；庄严的仪式 
secret ritual 秘密的仪式 
magic ritual 魔法仪式 
public ritual 公共仪式 
voodoo ritual 巫毒仪式 
burial, cleansing, courtship, fertility, funerary, healing, initiation, mating, mourning ritual 丧葬仪式；净身仪式；求爱仪式；生育仪式；治疗仪式；入会仪式；交配仪式；哀悼仪式 
hazing ritual（美）捉弄人的仪式 
This is the most ancient, and holiest of the Shinto rituals. 这是最古老、最神圣的神道教仪式。
rituals performed by druids at Stonehenge on Midsummer's Day 德鲁伊教徒在施洗约翰节时举行的仪式 
Boys undergo a circumcision ritual to usher them into adulthood. 男孩子经历割礼仪式进入成年。
Their funerals follow the rituals of the Catholic church. 他们的葬礼遵循天主教会的仪式。
They practice/practice certain rituals in connection with rites of passage. 他们每次开启人生的重要阶段时都需要举行某些仪式。
ritual chanting 礼仪上的圣咏演唱 
fastings and ritual dancing 斋戒和传统舞蹈 
an act of ritual suicide 仪式性的自杀行为 
ritual murder, ritual sacrifice, ritual slaughter 仪式性的谋杀；仪式性的牺牲；仪式性的屠杀

vt.&vi. 向人们散发传单（或小册子）:
n. [C]（宣传用的）传单或小册子:
leaflet |[ˈli:flət]
We did a lot of leafleting in the area. 我们在此地散发了许多传单。
We've leafleted the university today to try to drum up some support. 我们今天在大学散发了传单，希望能争取到支持。
The only reason we leafleted on the Jewish New Year was because more people than usual go to the synagogue on that day. 我们在犹太新年派传单，纯粹是因为那天去犹太教堂的人比平日多。
a leaflet on local places of interest 有关当地名胜的小册子 
Campaigners handed out leaflets on passive smoking. 活动人士派发了有关被动吸烟的宣传页。
Campaigners handed out leaflets to passers-by. 活动人士向过路人分发传单。
a leaflet called 'Sexual Harassment at Work' 名为《工作中的性骚扰》的小册子 
a free leaflet explaining your tax return 解释纳税申报表的免费传单 /|explanatory（英）, information, instruction leaflet 散页说明书 
promotional, publicity leaflet 促销传单；宣传页 
campaign, election, party（英）leaflet 运动宣传单；竞选宣传单；政党宣传单 
The Health Zone issued hundreds of leaflets. 保健区印发了数百份宣传单 
Details are given in our promotional leaflet. 我们的宣传单上有详细说明。

adj. [正式] 在某事之后发生或到来的，即之后的、后来的、随后的:
subsequent |[ˈsʌbsɪkwənt]
subsequent generations 后代 
subsequent version 随后的版本 
Subsequent events confirmed our doubts. 后来发生的事证实了我们的怀疑。
Developments on this issue will be dealt with in a subsequent report. 这个问题的发展将在以后的报道中予以说明。
the increase of population in subsequent years 随后几年人口的增长 
Those concerns were overshadowed by subsequent events. 随后发生的事使之前所关注的那些问题显得无足轻重。
They won only one more game subsequent to their Cup semi-final win last year. 继去年在杯赛半决赛中获胜后，他们仅又赢过一场比赛。

n. [U] 航空器的设计、建造和飞行，即航空:
aviation |[ˌeɪviˈeɪʃn]
civil, military aviation 民用航空；军用航空 
aviation business, aviation industry 航空业；航空工业 
aviation fuel 航空燃料

n. [U, C] 欺诈罪、诈骗罪:
n. [C] 骗子:
n. [C] 并不像声称的那么好的事物，如次货、冒牌货:
fraud |[frɔ:d]
attempted fraud（尤英）诈骗未遂 
computer, mail（美）, wire（美）fraud 计算机诈骗；电子邮件诈骗；电报诈骗 
A bank lost several million pounds through a sophisticated computer fraud. —家银行由于次错综复杂的计算机诈骗损失了几百万英镑。
election, electoral, vote, voter fraud 选举作弊；投票作弊 
corporate, credit-card, financial, insurance, securities, tax fraud 公司诈骗；信用卡诈骗；财务诈骗；保险诈骗；证券诈骗；税务诈骗 
fraud squad（英）诈骗侦破组 
fraud case, fraud charge 诈骗案件；诈骗指控 
She was charged with credit card fraud. 她被控告信用卡欺骗罪。
property that has been obtained by fraud 欺诈所得的财产 
a $100 million fraud 1亿元数额的诈骗罪 
He was jailed for two years for fraud and deception. 他因为诈骗和欺诈入狱服刑两年。
Tax frauds are dealt with by the Inland Revenue. 税务欺诈由国内税务局负责处理。
He's nothing but a liar and a fraud. 他只不过是个撒谎者和骗子。
She felt a fraud accepting their sympathy (= because she was not really sad). 她接受他们的同情时感到自己是在骗人。
He believes many 'psychics' are frauds who rely on perception and subtle deception. 他认为许多“通灵者”都是骗子，他们都是靠直觉和巧妙的骗术蒙人。
all those fashion frauds who think they are being original by raiding the tired old styles of the '60s 所有那些抄袭60年代的过时风格却自认为具有原创性的时尚造假者
Unfortunately the portraits were frauds. 不幸的是这些肖像都是骗人的。

adj. 只用于名词前，在开始发生的，最初的，开始的，第一的:
vt. 用全名的各个首字母之和（initials）在某事物上签名:
n. 1 [C] 一个人的名字（first name）的第一个字母（即首字母）:
2 [pl.] initials 一个人的全名的各个部分的首字母之和:
initial |[ɪ'nɪʃl]
an initial payment of £60 60英镑的首期付款 
in the initial stages of the campaign 运动的最初阶段 
My initial reaction was to decline the offer. 我最初的反应是要婉言谢绝这个提议。
Please initial. 请用姓名的首字母签字。
‘What initial is it, Mrs Owen?’ ‘It’s J, J for Jane.’ “首字母是什么，欧文太太？”“是J，Jane的J。” 
John Fitzgerald Kennedy was often known by his initials JFK. 人们常以姓名的首字母JFK称约翰·菲茨杰拉德·肯尼迪。
Just write your initials. 写下你的姓名首字母即可。

vt. ~ sth (from sth) 彻底清除某事物（如想法或感受）:
vt.（尤指为了更改而）擦掉、抹掉（笔迹等）:
vt. 抹去（磁带上的录音或存储器中的信息）；删除（计算机文件）:
vt. ~ sth (from sth) 彻底清除记忆:
erase |[ɪˈreɪz;美ɪˈreɪs]
She tried to erase the memory of that evening. 她试图忘却那天晚上的事。
They are desperate to erase the memory of that last defeat in Cardiff. 他们急于抹去上次在卡迪夫遭遇失败的记忆。
They are determined to erase the bad memories of last year's defeats. 他们决心彻底忘记去年的失败。
All doubts were suddenly erased from his mind. 他心中所有的疑虑突然烟消云散了。
You cannot erase injustice from the world. 任何人都不可能让非正义从世界上消失。
Love was a word he'd erased from his vocabulary since Susan's going. 自从苏珊离开后，他再也不提“爱情”这个词了。
He had erased the wrong word. 他擦去了写错的字。
All the phone numbers had been erased. 所有的电话号码都被抹掉了。
This event has been effectively erased from written records. 这一事件从文字记载中被有效地抹去了。
These people have been virtually erased from the history book. 这些人实际上已经从历史书中抹去了。
Parts of the recording have been erased. 部分录音已被抹掉。
He was in the studio tearfully erasing all the tapes he'd slaved over. 他在录音棚里流着眼泪抹掉他辛苦录制的所有磁带。
It appears the names were accidentally erased from computer disks. 看起来那些名字被意外地从计算机磁盘上删除了。
She wanted to erase the message before her parents heard it. 她想删掉这条留言，不让她父母听到。
She tried to erase the memory of that evening. 她试图忘却那天晚上的事。
They are desperate to erase the memory of that last defeat in Cardiff. 他们急于抹去上次在卡迪夫遭遇失败的记忆。
They are determined to erase the bad memories of last year's defeats. 他们决心彻底忘记去年的失败。

You also use readily to say that something can be done or obtained quickly and easily. For example, if you say that something can be readily understood, you mean that people can understand it quickly and easily. 容易地; 迅速地
If you do something readily, you do it in a way which shows that you are very willing to do it. 乐意地
readily |英 ['redɪlɪ]  美 ['rɛdɪli]| adv. 容易地；乐意地；无困难地/
The components are readily available in hardware stores.这些零件在五金商店容易买到。
I asked her if she would allow me to interview her, and she readily agreed.我问她是否允许我采访她，她欣然同意了。


n. [C] 树的大枝条:
n. [C]（人或动物的）一只胳膊或腿、翅膀:
adj. -limbed用于构成形容词，指有…肢（或翼、翅膀）的:
limb |[lɪm]
This entire rickety structure was hanging from the limb of an enormous leafy tree. 这整个快要散架的搭建物吊挂在一棵枝繁叶茂的大树的枝杈上。
Two arms reached around her flailing limbs. 两只手臂抱住了她胡乱飞舞的四肢。
I eased my stiff limbs into the hot bath. 我小心翼翼地把僵直的腿放进热洗澡水里。
The missing limb did not lessen the quality of the cat's life. 少了一条腿并没有影响那只猫的生活质量。
amputated, severed limb 短肢 
artificial, prosthetic limb 假肢；义肢 
lower, upper limb 下肢；上肢 
The animal is able to stand up on its hind limbs. 这只动物能够用后腿站立。
people who have lost limbs in battle 在战斗中失去肢体的人们 
I stretched my limbs lazily as I sat up. 我坐起来的时候懒懒地伸展了一下四肢。
limb development, limb growth 肢体的发育 
limb amputation 截肢 
For a while, she lost the use of her limbs. 好一会儿她四肢都动弹不得。
She would be able to stretch out her cramped limbs and rest for a few hours. 她将能伸展一下蜷缩的四肢，休息几个小时。
long-limbed 四肢细长 
loose-limbed 四肢柔软灵活

vt. 用金属铸造硬币或奖章:
n. [sing.] in ~ condition 崭新、完好无缺:
n. [U] 薄荷:
n. [C] 薄荷糖:
n. [C] 铸币厂:
vt. 用金属铸造硬币:
n. [sing.] [非正式] a mint 可指大量的钱:
mint |[mɪnt]
the right to mint coins 铸币权 
its collection of locally minted Saxon coins 对当地铸造的撒克逊时期硬币的收藏
mint-flavoured toothpaste 薄荷味的牙膏 
I decorated the fruit salad with a sprig of mint. 我用小薄荷枝装点水果色拉。
roast lamb with mint sauce 烤小羊肉蘸薄荷沙司
after-dinner mints 餐后薄荷糖
the Royal Mint (= the one where British coins and notes are made) 皇家铸币厂 
In 1965 the mint stopped putting silver in dimes. 1965年，铸币厂停止向10分硬币中加入银的成分。
the right to mint coins 铸币权 
its collection of locally minted Saxon coins 对当地铸造的撒克逊时期硬币的收藏
to cost a mint 耗费大笔的钱 
Everybody thinks I'm making a mint. 人人都认为我要发大财了。
They were worth a mint 它们价值不菲。           

vt.（通常指仔细瞄准后）用力扔某人或某事物:
vt. [常用被动式] be ~ed into 迫使某人进入新的境地:
n. [sing., U] 感情、活动等的程度、力度、强度；某事物的最高点、顶点:
vt. 短时间搭建帐篷或扎营:
~ sth (as sth) （使产品或服务）针对，面向某一群人，即确定销售对象或目标市场:
n. [C] [英] 街头艺人通常的表演地点:
n. [sing., U] [术语] 屋顶的倾斜度:
vt.&vi. ~ (for sth) 劝说某人给你某事物（即争取）；劝说某人与你做生意:
n. [C, usually sing.] 说服性的话:
n. [U] [术语] 船在水上的上下颠簸；飞机在空中的上下俯仰:
vi. 船在水中上下颠簸；飞机在空中上下颠簸:
vi. 朝某个方向猛地跌倒:
~ sth (as sth) （使产品或服务）针对，面向某一群人，即确定销售对象或目标市场:
n. [C] [英] [英美也可用field] 体育比赛的场地:
n. [C] 棒球的投球或其投球方法:
vt.&vi.（在棒球运动中）将（球）投给击球员:
vi.（使）（板球或高尔夫球）触地:
vt.&vi.（在高尔夫球运动中）击出高曲线球:
n. [sing., U] 声音（尤指乐音）的音高:
vt. 给声音或音乐定音高:
vt.&vi. ~ (for sth) 推销:
n. [C, usually sing.] 推销的话:
n. [C] [英] 街上或市场上的售货摊点；街头艺人通常的表演地点:
n. [U] 沥青、柏油:
vt. ~ sth (at sth) 把某事物定在某个水平上:
pitch |[pɪtʃ]
Simon pitched the empty bottle into the lake. 西蒙把空瓶子扔到湖里。
The explosion pitched her violently into the air. 爆炸把她猛烈地抛向空中。
There was a loud bang and he was pitched from his seat. 一声巨响，他被从座位上抛了起来。
If they hit any unseen obstacle they would be pitched headlong into the snow. 如果撞上任何没看见的障碍，他们就会被一头抛进雪里。          
They were being pitched into a new adventure. 他们正被抛入一场新的冒险。
This could pitch the government into confrontation with the workforce. 这有可能把政府推向与工人正面交锋的境地。
The new government has already been pitched into a crisis. 新政府已被抛入危机之中。
a frenetic pitch of activity 活动的狂热极点 
Speculation has reached such a pitch that a decision will have to be made immediately. 种种猜测甚嚣尘上，以至必须立即做出决定。
Excitement rose to fever pitch the day before the game. 比赛的前一天人们兴奋到了极点。
high pitch（尤英） 高度兴奋 
reach a high pitch of excitement 达到极其兴奋的程度 
I feel very sorry for the competitors who have all worked themselves up to a very high pitch for this first day. 我为第一天就已耗费相当大体力的参赛者感到非常惋惜。
Tension has reached such a pitch that the armed forces say soldiers may have to use their weapons to defend themselves against local people. 紧张关系已达白热化程度，武装部队说士兵有可能不得不使用武器保护自己不受当地民众的伤害。
We could pitch our tent in that field. 我们可以临时把帐篷搭在那块地上。
They pitched camp for the night near the river. 他们靠河边扎营过夜。
He had pitched his tent in the yard. 他在院子里搭起了帐篷。
At dusk we pitched camp in the middle of nowhere. 黄昏时分，我们在茫茫荒野中扎了营。
vt. ~ sth (at sb) 
The new software is being pitched at banks. 这种新软件以银行为目标市场。
Orange juice is to be pitched as an athlete's drink. 橙汁将作为运动员饮料进行推销。
We were pitching against a much larger company for the contract. 我们在与一家比我们大得多的公司竞争这项合同。
the candidate's campaign pitch 候选人的竞选宣传 
The President speaks in New York today, making another pitch for his economic program. 总统今天在纽约发表讲话，再一次为他的经济计划作宣传。
Prue invited the magazine's editor to lunch and made her pitch. 普吕邀请该杂志的编辑共进午餐，推销自己的点子。
The boat pitched violently in a heavy swell. 船在汹涌的海浪中剧烈颠簸。
The sea was rough and the ship pitched and rolled all night. 大海波涛汹涌，船整夜颠簸摇曳。
The ship is pitching and rolling in what looks like about fifteen foot seas. 这只船在看起来约有15英尺高的海浪中上下左右颠簸。
With a cry she pitched forward. 她大叫一声向前跌倒了。
The movement took him by surprise, and he pitched forward. 这一动使他冷不防地向前摔倒。
Alan staggered sideways, pitched head-first over the low wall and fell into the lake. 艾伦身子倒向一侧，一头栽过矮墙，跌进了湖里。            
vt. ~ sth (at sb) 
The new software is being pitched at banks. 这种新软件以银行为目标市场。
Orange juice is to be pitched as an athlete's drink. 橙汁将作为运动员饮料进行推销。
all-weather, grass, synthetic pitch 全天候球场；有草坪的球场；人造草皮球场 
waterlogged pitch 泥泞的球场 
cricket, hockey, football, rugby pitch 板球场；曲棍球场；足球场；橄榄球场 
The pitch was invaded by angry fans. 愤怒的球迷涌入球场。
Police could do nothing to stop the pitch invasion. 警察无力阻止人群冲进球场。
The players have just come off the pitch. 选手们刚从球场下来。
Negotiations about his transfer are continuing off the pitch. 关于他转会的谈判仍在球场外继续进行。
He was the best player on the pitch today. 他是今天场上表现最好的选手。
The rugby tour was a disaster both on and off the pitch. 这次橄榄球巡回赛在场上、场下都彻底失败。
There was a swimming-pool, cricket pitches, playing fields. 有一个游泳池、几个板球场和运动场。
Their conduct both on and off the pitch was excellent. 他们场上场下都表现出众。
wild pitch 暴投 
We passed long, hot afternoons pitching a baseball. 我们通过投棒球玩打发了一个个漫长、炎热的下午。
My dream was to pitch for the Yankees. 我的梦想是成为扬基队的投手。
The ball pitched a yard short. 球差一码落了地。
high, low pitch 高音；低音 
The instrument is not tuned to the correct pitch. 乐器的音高没有调准。
Her voice fell in pitch as she grew older. 她的音高随年龄的增长而下降。
have absolute/perfect pitch (= to be able to recognize or produce any given note) 有完全的音高感 
A basic sense of rhythm and pitch is essential in a music teacher. 基本的韵律感和音高感是音乐教师的必备素质。
He raised his voice to an even higher pitch. 他把音调抬得更高了。
You pitched that note a little flat. 你把那个音符定得有点低了。
The song was pitched too low for my voice. 这首歌起调太低，不适合我的嗓音。
His cry is pitched at a level that makes it impossible to ignore. 他的哭喊声之大让人没法不理睬。
His voice was pitched high, the words muffled by his crying. 他的声音很高，嘴里的话因哭泣而含混不清。
Representatives went to Japan to pitch the company's newest products. 销售代表前往日本推销本公司的最新产品。
an aggressive sales pitch 强有力的推销行话 
Each company was given ten minutes to make its pitch. 每个公司有十分钟时间进行推销宣传。
a strong pitch delivered by advertising executives 广告主管发表的强有力的推销言辞 
He will be making his pitch to a small number of potential clients. 他将向少数的潜在客户进行推销。
pitch meeting 推销会议 
The executives listened open-mouthed as she seamlessly delivered a pitch for their business. 她滔滔不绝地推销业务，让高管们听得目瞪口呆。
He was about to make a pitch to a big client. 他即将对一个大客户进行推销。
His pitch to the business community was based on common sense. 他对商界的推销是以常识为基础的。
They have pitched their prices too high. 他们把价格定得太高了。
The test is pitched at a high standard. 测试是按照高标准制定的。
The test was pitched at too low a level for the students. 这次考试太低估学生的程度了。
I think the material is pitched at too high a level for our purposes. 我想相对于我们的意图来说，内容定得过难了。
The government has pitched High Street interest rates at a new level. 政府已设定了新的商业利率水平。
Estimates have been deliberately pitched on the conservative side. 有意作了保守的估计。

n. [C] 常用单数，counter (to sb/sth) 指对意见、立场等的反对、反驳，为正式用法。不太常用:
n. [C] 尤用于美式英语，指厨房的操作台:
n. [C] 尤用于构成复合词，指电子计数器或计算器:
vt.＆vi. counter (sb/sth) (with sth) 反驳，驳斥:
vt. 抵消坏事的影响，与counteract相同:
adv. counter to sth 指相反地、逆向地、反对地:
n. [C] 商店、银行等的柜台:
counter |['kaʊntə]
an effective counter to the blandness of modern culture 对缺乏生气的现代文化的有效反击 
The employers’ association was seen as a counter to union power. 雇主协会被看作是工会权力的对头。
kitchen counter（尤美）厨房操作台 
The kitchen had black marble counter tops. 厨房是黑色的大理石台面。
rev counter 转速计
He countered that the plans were not yet finished. 他申辩说各项计划尚未完成。
Businesses would like to see new laws to counter late payments of debts. 商界希望见到对付债务逾期不还的新法律出台。
The government’s plans run counter to agreed European policy on this issue. 政府的计划违反了有关这个问题已协商好的欧洲政策。
shop（尤英）, store（美）counter 商店柜台 
cosmetics, make-up counter 化妆品柜台 
meat counter 肉类柜台 
bar counter 吧台 
reception counter 接待柜台 
kitchen counter 厨房的操作台 
glass, wooden counter 玻璃柜台；木质柜台 
counter staff（英）柜台工作人员 
She handed me my coffee over the counter. 她把我的咖啡从柜台上方递给我。

devote (time or effort) to a particular task or purpose:为特定的任务或目的投入（时间或精力）
devote (something) to a particular subject:致力于（某事）特定主题
cite or nominate (a book or other artistic work) as being issued or performed in someone's honour:引用或提名（一本书或其他艺术作品）以某人的名义发行或表演
formally open or unveil (a building or monument):正式开放或揭幕（建筑物或纪念碑）
ceremonially assign (a church or other building) to a deity or saint:仪式上将（教堂或其他建筑物）分配给神灵或圣人
dedicate |ˈdɛdɪkeɪt| Verb/:    奉献
Joan has dedicated her life to animals:Joan将她的一生献给了动物
volume four is dedicated to wasps:第四卷专门介绍黄蜂
the novel is dedicated to the memory of my mother:这本小说是献给我母亲的记忆的
today the President dedicates the new Second World War memorial in Washington:今天，总统在华盛顿为新的二战纪念碑献礼
the parish church is dedicated to St Paul:教区教堂是献给圣保罗的

vindication 证明正确
If a person or their decisions, actions, or ideas are vindicated, they are proved to be correct, after people have said that they were wrong. 证明是正确的
vindicate |英 ['vɪndɪkeɪt]  美 ['vɪndɪket]| vt. 维护；证明…无辜；证明…正确/
He called the success a vindication of his party's free-market economic policy.他称这次成功证明了他的政党的自由市场经济政策是正确的。
The director said he had been vindicated by the experts' report.主任说专家们的报告证明他是正确的。


adj. 为大多数人所使用或接受的，如通用的、流通的、流行的:
n. [C]（思想、观点、感情等在一群人之中的）潮流:
adj. [只用于名词前] 现在发生的、当前的、现在的:
n. [C] 电流:
n. [C]（海洋、江河、湖泊的）水流:
n. [C]（朝某个方向流动的）气流:
current |[ˈkʌrənt;美ˈkɜ:r-]
words that are no longer current 已不再通用的词 
This custom was still current in the late 1960s. 这种习俗在20世纪60年代末仍然很普遍。
Current thinking suggests that toxins only have a small part to play in the build up of cellulite. 目前普遍认为，毒素对皮下脂肪团堆积影响不大。
Each party represents a distinct current of thought. 每个党派代表一种不同的思潮。
A strong current of nationalism runs through ideology and politics in the Arab world. 一股强烈的民族主义思潮涌入阿拉伯世界的思想体系和政治体系。
Ministers are worried by this current of anti-government feeling. 部长们对这股反政府情绪感到担忧。           
current prices 时价 
a budget for the current year 今年的预算 
your current employer 你现在的雇主 
The current situation is very different to that in 1990. 当前的形势与1990年截然不同。
He plans to repeal a number of current policies. 他计划废除一些当前的政策。
electric, electrical current 电流 
a 15 amp electrical current 15安培的电流 
alternating current 交流电 
direct current 直流电 
input, invard current 输入电流 
output, outward current 输出电流 
Check all your wiring before switching on the current. 开启电流前要检查所有供电线路。
Measure the current flowing in the wire. 测量电线中的电流。
A powerful electric current is passed through a piece of graphite. 给一块石墨通入强电流。
Under normal conditions, the ocean currents of the tropical Pacific travel from east to west. 在正常情况下，太平洋的热带洋流自东向西流。
The prevailing current flows from east to west. 盛行洋流是自东往西流动的。
He swam to the shore against a strong current. 他逆着急流游向岸边。
The couple were swept away by the strong current. 这对夫妻被巨大的水流卷走了。
The strong current carried the boat downstream. 急流将船冲向下游。
The boat was carried along in the current. 船顺流而下。
It's easier to go with the current. 顺流而下比较容易。
water current 水流 
rip, off-shore current 离岸流 
tidal current 潮流 
cold, warm current 寒流；暖流
Birds use warm air currents to help their flight. 鸟利用暖气流助飞。
convection current 对流 
a current of air 一股气流 
I felt a current of cool air blowing in my face. 我觉得脸上有一阵冷风吹过。         

vt. [贬] 炫耀；夸耀；卖弄:
vt. [贬] ~ yourself（性感地）招摇过市（以吸引别人的目光）:
flaunt |[flɔ:nt]
They drove around in Rolls-Royces, openly flaunting their wealth. 他们开着劳斯莱斯到处转悠，公开炫耀他们的财富。
He did not believe in flaunting his wealth. 他不赞成摆阔。
openly flaunting their wealth 公开炫耀他们的财富 
She flaunted her success in front of the others. 她在他人面前炫耀自己的成功。
One secret he learned very early on was not to flaunt his success. 他很早就学到的一个秘诀就是不要夸耀自己的成功。
She openly flaunted her affair with the senator. 她公开夸耀与参议员的恋情。
She's asking for trouble, flaunting herself like that. Did you see the way Major Winston was looking at her? 她那么招摇，真是在自找麻烦。看到温斯顿少校看她的样子了吗？
tourists flaunting themselves in front of the castle guards in bra and shorts 穿着文胸和短裤在城堡卫兵面前招摇卖弄的游客们

n. 1 [C] 议会:
parliament |[ˈpɑ:ləmənt;美ˈpɑ:rl-]
federal, national, provincial, regional, state parliament 联邦议会；国家议会；省议会；地方议会；州议会 
The president will address the Canadian parliament during his trip. 总统在访问期间将在加拿大议会发表演说。
The German parliament is called the ‘Bundestag’. 德国的议会称为Bundestag。
Parliament today approved the policy, but it has not yet become law. 议会于今天批准了这项政策，但尚未成为法律。
parliament building 议会大厦

n. [C, U] 某事物的详细说明书（说明某事物如何被设计或制作），如规格:
n. [C, U] 对规格提出的具体要求:
specification |[ˌspesɪfɪˈkeɪʃn]
the technical specifications of the new model (= of car) 新型号的技术规格 
The house has been built exactly to our specifications. 房子完全是按照我们的工程设计书建造的。
Each vehicle can be equipped according to your specifications.每一辆车都可以按照您的具体要求来配置。
The office was furnished to a high specification. 办公室是按高规格装潢的。
The yachts are built to the highest specifications. 这些快艇是按照最高规格建造的。
Troll's exclusive, personalized luggage is made to our own exacting specifications in heavy-duty PVC/nylon. 特罗尔专用的、个性化的行李箱是按照我们自己严格的规格要求用耐用聚氯乙烯/尼龙材料定制的。
Legislation will require UK petrol companies to meet an EU specification for petrol. 法规将要求英国的汽油公司必须达到欧盟对汽油的规格要求。
design, performance, product, technical specification 设计规格；性能规格；产品规格；技术规格 
customer specification 客户具体要求 
contract, job specification（均尤英）合同细则；职务细则 
The manager has drafted job specifications for each of the positions. 经理拟就了各个工作岗位的职务细则。
The prototype has the same basic specifications.原型的基本规格相同。
The aircraft have to meet the strict specifications laid down by the FAA. 航空器必须符合联邦航空局制定的严格规范。
Each vehicle can be equipped according to your specifications.每一辆车都可以按照您的具体要求来配置。
The office was furnished to a high specification. 办公室是按高规格装潢的。
The yachts are built to the highest specifications. 这些快艇是按照最高规格建造的。
Troll's exclusive, personalized luggage is made to our own exacting specifications in heavy-duty PVC/nylon. 特罗尔专用的、个性化的行李箱是按照我们自己严格的规格要求用耐用聚氯乙烯/尼龙材料定制的。
Legislation will require UK petrol companies to meet an EU specification for petrol. 法规将要求英国的汽油公司必须达到欧盟对汽油的规格要求。
customer specification 客户具体要求 
The aircraft have to meet the strict specifications laid down by the FAA. 航空器必须符合联邦航空局制定的严格规范。

n. [C]（重要或特殊事件的）周年纪念日:
anniversary |[͵ænɪ'və:sərɪ]
on the anniversary of his wife’s death 在他妻子去世的周年忌日 
to celebrate your wedding anniversary 庆祝结婚纪念日

 M: I'm on a homestay program.  玛   丽：我参加一个接待家庭留学计画。
 Another growing trend is enrolling in a global education program that combines language study, homestay, cultural immersion, community service, and independent study.  此外，一项集合了语言学习、家庭寄宿、文化渗透、社区服务与独立学习的全球教育项目风正席卷全球。
 Are you getting along well with your homestay family?  你和你的寄宿家庭相处的好吗？
homestay |英 ['həʊmsteɪ]  美 ['homste]| n. （在国外的访问者）在当地居民家居住的时期/



vt.＆vi. scan (through) sth (for sth) 粗略而快速地看书面文件（以查找重要或有趣的信息），即浏览。也算常用:
n. [sing.] 对书面材料的浏览或快速查阅（常为查找信息）:
vt.＆vi. scan sth (for sth) 仔细察看每一个部分（常为寻找某个事物或人）:
vt. 1 用X光、超声波、电磁波等对某个物体进行扫描以获取图像:
2 指用光束、雷达、声纳等对某个区域进行扫描:
vt.＆vi. 为搜索计算机病毒而对磁盘文件进行扫描:
vt. 计算机技术中，可指用扫描设备来扫描图片或文件等（以将其复制到电脑上）:
vt.＆vi. scan sth (for sth) 在头脑中搜寻:
vt. 用X光、超声波、电磁波等对某人的身体部位进行扫描以获取图像:
n. 1 [C] 用X光对身体所做的医学扫描检查:
2 [C] 用机器发出的超声波对孕妇所做的胎儿扫描检查:
scan |[skæn]
to scan the advertisement pages of the newspapers 浏览报纸的广告页 
to scan the list 浏览清单 
He scanned through the web pages. 他快速浏览网页。
to have a quick scan through the book 将这本书快速浏览一遍
to scan her face 端详她的脸 
to scan the room 仔细查看那个房间 
to scan the crowd for his daughter 在人群中寻找他的女儿 
My eyes scanned across the horizon. 我朝天边放眼望去。
to scan every checked-in bag with a bomb detector 用炸弹探测器扫描每一个办理了登机手续的箱包 
to scan the sea ahead 扫描前方海域 
These video cameras scan every part of this area. 视频摄像头把该区域的每一个角落都收在眼底。
to scan for viruses 扫描病毒 
The ID card has been scanned into the computer. 身份证已经被扫描到电脑上。
digitally, electronically, optically scan 数字扫描；电子扫描；光学扫描
to mentally scan 在大脑中搜寻
to scan his brain 扫描他的大脑 
to have a brain scan 做脑部扫描检查 
to have a scan 做胎儿扫描检查

vt. [正式] 使某事物更吸引人；装饰某事物。如为…增色、为…锦上添花:
vt. [正式] ~ sb/sth (with sth)（通常带有讽刺意味）给某人或某事物带来荣耀；使生辉；承蒙光临（某个现场或活动）:
n. [U] 动作的优美、优雅:
n. 1 [U] 行为的文雅、高雅，如修养、涵养:
2 [pl.] [尤英] graces 可指人们认为的礼貌并可接受的行为方式:
n. [U] 给某人的付款、完成工作等所设定的宽限期、延缓期:
n. [C] His/Her/Your Grace 用于对大主教、公爵、公爵夫人、女公爵的尊称，如大人，阁下，夫人:
vt. [正式] ~ sb/sth (with sth)（通常带有讽刺意味）给某人或某事物带来荣耀；使生辉；承蒙光临（某个现场或活动）:
n. [U, C] 短暂的祈祷（通常在饭前或饭后，以感谢上帝赐予的食物）:
n. [U] 上帝对人类的恩典:
grace |[greɪs]
The table had once graced a duke's drawing room. 这张桌子曾一度为公爵的起居室增色不少。
He went to the beautiful old Welsh dresser that graced this homely room. 他走到为这间舒适的房间增色不少的漂亮的旧威尔士碗橱前。
Her shoulders were graced with mink and her fingers sparkled with diamonds. 肩上披着的貂皮衬托得她更加优雅，手上的钻戒则光彩夺目。
She is one of the finest players ever to have graced the game. 她是曾使这运动生辉的最杰出的运动员之一。
Will you be gracing us with your presence tonight? 请问您今晚能否赏光？
He had been invited to grace a function at the evening college. 他应邀为这所夜校的活动捧场。
Ballet classes are important for poise and grace. 芭蕾课可以很好地使人保持优雅的仪态。
She moves with the natural grace of a ballerina. 她的动作具有芭蕾舞演员自然优雅的丰姿。
He moved with the grace of a trained boxer. 他的动作带着一种训练有素的拳击手的风采。
a debut album of uncommon grace and beauty 既高雅又漂亮的首张专辑 
feline grace 猫一般轻盈的体态 
Ann moved with easy grace. 安举止优雅从容。
He conducted himself with grace and dignity throughout the trial. 在整个审讯过程中他表现得文雅而有尊严。
The new King seemed to be carrying out his duties with grace and due decorum. 新国王在履行职责时看起来举止得体、端庄稳重。
The young woman had grace beyond her years. 这个年轻女子有着超越年龄的涵养。
He was not particularly well versed in the social graces. 他对社交礼节并不特别熟悉。
She didn't fit in and she had few social graces. 她不适合这种场合，对社交礼仪所知甚少。
They've given me a month's grace to get the money. 他们宽限我一个月弄到这笔钱。
She wanted a couple of days' grace to get the maisonette cleaned before she moved in. 她想延缓几天，等到把这套复式公寓清理干净后再搬进去。
We have only a few hours' grace before the soldiers come. 士兵到来之前我们只剩下几个小时了。
Good Morning, Your Grace. 早上好，阁下。
Your Grace, I have a great favour to ask of you. 大人，我想请您施以大惠。
Their Graces the Duke and Duchess of Kent. 肯特公爵及公爵夫人阁下。
Will you be gracing us with your presence tonight? 请问您今晚能否赏光？
He had been invited to grace a function at the evening college. 他应邀为这所夜校的活动捧场。
Let's say grace. 我们做饭前祷告吧。
Leo, will you say grace? 利奥，你来做饭前祷告吧？
a Latin grace 拉丁文的谢恩祷告
It was only by the grace of God that they survived. 承蒙天恩，他们才幸免于难。
It was only by the grace of God that no one died. 承蒙上帝保佑才无人死亡。
divine, heavenly, sublime, supernatural grace 神的恩典；天国的恩惠；上帝的慈悲；超自然的恩典 
sovereign grace 至高无上的恩典 
sacramental grace 圣事的恩佑 
The mantra bestows Siva's grace upon the devotee. 曼恒罗将湿婆神的恩典赐予虔诚的信徒。

vt. [正式] ~ sb (for sth)（正式或公开）嘉奖、表彰某人:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (as sth) 提及某事作为例子:
vt. [正式] [法律]（在案件中）正式提出某人的名字:
vt. [正式] [法律] 传唤、传讯（某人出庭）:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (as sth) 提及某事作为原因或例子，或为支持自己的观点:
vt. [正式] [法律]（在案件中）正式提出某人的名字；提出一个原因作为案件的正式原因:
vt. [正式] 以口头或书面的形式引用、援引（一本书、一个作者等的文字）。相当于quote:
cite |[saɪt]
He was cited for bravery. 他因表现勇敢而得到嘉奖。
He cites just one example. 他只引用了一个例子。
This is similar to the example cited above. 这和上面所举的例子类似。
He cited the fall in unemployment as one of the government's successes. 他举出失业人数下降作为政府的一项功绩。
Three admirals and a top Navy civilian will be cited for failing to act on reports of sexual assaults. 三位海军上将和一位海军高级文员将被指名，原因是他们在接到性侵犯的举报后没有采取任何行动。
She was cited in the divorce proceedings. 她在离婚诉讼中被传唤。
The judge ruled a mistrial and cited the prosecutors for outrageous misconduct. 法官裁定为无效审判，并以严重渎职为名传讯了检察官。
He cited his heavy workload as the reason for his breakdown. 他说繁重的工作负荷是导致他累垮的原因。
He cites just one example. 他只引用了一个例子。
This is similar to the example cited above. 这和上面所举的例子类似。
The most commonly cited reasons for stopping the treatment were side effects. 停用这种治疗方法最常搬出的理由是副作用。
He cited the fall in unemployment as one of the government's successes. 他举出失业人数下降作为政府的一项功绩。
They cited Alex's refusal to return to the marital home. 他们引证了亚历克斯拒绝回到婚后的家中一事。
Three admirals and a top Navy civilian will be cited for failing to act on reports of sexual assaults. 三位海军上将和一位海军高级文员将被指名，原因是他们在接到性侵犯的举报后没有采取任何行动。
She cites a favourite poem by George Herbert. 她引用了自己最喜爱的一首乔治·赫伯特的诗。

 After a busy day, the room in which you retire should provide a haven of tranquility so that you can rest and sleep adequately.  在忙碌的一天结束后，你回到的那个房间应该是一个宁静的庇护所，这样你就可以好好休息，保持充足的睡眠。
 And while I love my family to death, this time of tranquility is one of absolute bliss for me.  虽然我对我的家庭爱得要死，但这片刻的宁静绝对是我的幸福之一。
 Love, happiness and tranquility are all contagious.  爱、幸福与宁静都是有感染力的。
tranquility |英/美 [træn'kwɪləti]| n. 宁静；平静/



adj. 1 severe (on/with sb)（惩罚或批评）严厉的，重的:
2 不和善或缺乏同情心的，对…持否定态度的，即严厉的，严苛的:
adj. [贬]（风格、外貌或衣着）极其简朴的，无任何装饰的:
adj. 1 极为恶劣的，十分严重的。严重的程度较深:
2 极其困难的，需要很强技能或能力的:
severe |[sɪ'vɪə]
a severe sentence 重判 
a severe punishment 重罚 
The courts are becoming more severe on young offenders. 法庭对青少年犯罪者的处罚日趋严厉。
a severe expression 严厉的表情 
She was a severe woman who seldom smiled. 她是个严肃的女人，脸上很少出现笑容。
Her hair was short and severe. 她的头发不长，也没有花样。
The furniture is a little too severe for my taste. 这件家具有点过于简朴，我不太喜欢。 
severe weather conditions 恶劣的天气状况 
severe cash flow problems 严重的现金流问题 
a severe winter 严冬 
to suffer severe losses 遭受严重损失 
His injuries are severe. 他的伤势很重。
Shortages of professional staff are very severe. 专业人员短缺问题十分严重。
an exceptionally severe frost 特别严重的霜冻 
to be a severe test of stamina 对耐力的严峻考验

n. 1 [sing, U] ~ (of sth) 比需要的、合理的或可接受的还多，即超过、过度:
2 [C, U] 超过的数量:
adj. [只用于名词前] 超过必要、通常或合法数量的，如超额的:
n. [pl.] excesses 不可接受的、非法的或不道德的极端行为，如放肆行为、越轨行为:
n. [C, usually sing.] [英] [美用deductible] 保险中的免赔额（即需要自己支付的那部分）:
excess |[ɪkˈses]
Are you suffering from an excess of stress in your life? 你生活中的压力太大吗？
In an excess of enthusiasm I agreed to work late. 我一时热情过度答应了工作到很晚。
His statements cannot be simply dismissed as rhetorical excess. 不能简单地把他的陈述斥之为夸大之词。
verbal excess 话语啰嗦 
alcoholic excess（英）过量饮酒 
He started drinking to excess after losing his job. 他失业后便开始酗酒了。
I was reasonably fit, played a lot of tennis, and didn't smoke or drink to excess. 我相当健康，经常打网球，不怎么吸烟，也不酗酒。
'Avoid excess' is the golden rule for a healthy life. 健康生活的一条黄金法则就是“避免过度”。
Polyunsaturated oils are essential for health. Excess is harmful, however. 多不饱和油对健康很重要。但是，食用过量就会有害。
The drug can be harmful if taken in excess. 过量服用药物是有害的。
Red meat, eaten to excess, is very high in fat and calories. 过量食用的红肉中脂肪和卡路里含量很高。
The energy value of dried fruits is considerably in excess of that of fresh items. 干果的能量值大大超过新鲜水果。
The car can travel at speeds in excess of 90 miles per hour. 该车的车速能达到每小时90英里以上。
a large excess of gas 严重过量的煤气 
An excess of house plants in a small flat can be oppressive. 在小公寓中摆放过多室内植物会让人觉得很压抑。
Avoid deposits in excess of £20,000 in any one account. 单一账户存款勿超过两万英镑。
The increase will not be in excess of (= more than) two per cent. 增加幅度不会超过百分之二。
You can throw away any excess. 凡超量的你都可以扔掉。
We cover costs up to £600 and then you pay the excess. 我们最多支付600英镑的费用，超过的部分由你支付。
The major reason for excess weight is excess eating. 体重超标的主要原因是饮食过量。
Excess food is stored as fat. 多余的食物作为脂肪贮存起来。
After cooking the fish, pour off any excess fat. 烹完鱼后，倒掉多余的油。
Driving with excess alcohol in the blood is a serious offence. 血液里酒精含量过高时驾车是严重的违法行为。
a letter demanding an excess fare of £20 要求额外付20英镑邮资的信 
Staff who have to travel farther can claim excess travel expenses. 需要到更远的地方出差的职员可以领取额外差旅费。
adolescent excess 青春期的放肆 
She said she was sick of her life of excess. 她说她厌倦了自己无节制的生活。
We need a free press to curb government excesses. 我们需要新闻自由来约束政府的越轨行为。
Washington has always been a city of wretched excesses.（美）华盛顿一直是一个极度放纵的城市。
the worst excesses committed by the occupying army 占领军犯下的残忍暴行
There is an excess of £100 on each claim under this policy. 本保险单每次索赔均有 100 英镑的免赔额。
The company wanted £1,800 for a policy with a £500 excess for under-21s. 那家公司想要办理单价1,800英镑的保单，并且要求21岁以下人员承担价值500英镑的免赔额。

adj. 总是为其他人的愿望或感情着想的；小心谨慎以不去伤害或打扰、烦扰到其他人的。相当于thoughtful:
considerate |[kən'sɪdərɪt]
She is always considerate towards her employees. 她总能体谅她的雇员。
It was very considerate of him to wait. 他一直在等候着，真是体贴人。
