lodging				寄宿
dingy				昏暗的，暗淡的
temperament				性情，喜怒无常
shabby					破破烂烂的，不公正的
foremost				最前面的，最重要的
merge									合并，融合
attorney				代理人
militant				好斗的，好战的
wrinkle				皱纹，褶皱，起皱
maintain						维持，供养，坚称，保养
editorial				社论，编辑的
kin					亲属
contend				斗争，竞争，主张
partition				隔墙，分割
outbreak				爆发
authoritative				专断的，权威性的
slippery						滑的，棘手的，靠不住的
goal								球门，进球得分，目标
outstrip			比...跑得快，超过
preceding			在前的
transform					改变
skim				撇去，盗用，仿制，掠过，浏览
insure						给...保险，投保
debris				残骸，垃圾
hemisphere					半球体
dominant						支配的，显眼的，首要的
antonym			反义词
emerge							出现，摆脱
squeeze							挤，榨，塞入，挤压
nicety			精确，细节，优雅
\\\\\\\\

If you are provided with lodging or lodgings, you are provided with a place to stay for a period of time. You can use lodgings to refer to one or more of these places. 寄宿处
lodging |英 ['lɒdʒɪŋ]  美 ['lɑdʒɪŋ]| n. 寄宿；寄宿处；出租的房间、住房；倒伏/
He was given free lodging.他得到了免费住宿。


Dingy clothes, curtains, or furnishings look dirty or dull. 邋遢的; 暗淡的
A dingy building or place is dark and depressing, and perhaps dirty. (建筑物或处所) 阴暗肮脏的
dingy |英 ['dɪn(d)ʒɪ]  美 ['dɪndʒi]| adj. 昏暗的；肮脏的/
...wallpaper with stripes of dingy yellow.…有暗淡的黄色条纹的墙纸。
Shaw took me to his dingy office.肖把我带到他那又暗又脏的办公室。


n. 1 [C, U] 人或动物的在行为（或对外界情况作出的反应）中所反应出来的本性，如气质，性情，性格，秉性:
2 [U] 容易冲动、脾气暴躁且行为喜怒无常的一种性情:
temperament |[ˈtemprəmənt]
to have an artistic temperament 有艺术家的气质 
a horse with an excellent temperament 性情温顺的马 
sunny temperament 阳关的性格 
docile temperament（尤英）温顺的性情 
cool temperament 冷酷的性格 
She's a dreamer and a romantic by temperament. 她生性异想天开，浪漫多情。
His impulsive temperament regularly got him into difficulties. 他容易冲动，经常因此惹麻烦。
She was furtive and vicious by temperament. 她本来做事就偷偷摸摸，心肠狠毒。
He doesn't have the right temperament for the job. 他的性格不适合这份工作。
an actor given to displays of temperament 性情喜怒无常的演员 
Mark does have a habit of allowing his temperament to get the better of him. 马克的确经常由着自己的性子来。
Some of the models were given to fits of temperament. 有些模特喜怒无常。

adj. 1（衣服）由于被使用次数太多而破烂的、破旧的，相当于scruffy:
2（人）衣着破旧的，相当于scruffy:
3（建筑物、物品等）由于被使用次数太多而破烂的、破旧的，相当于scruffy:
adj.（行为）不公平的；不合理的。相当于shoddy:
shabby |['ʃæbɪ]
shabby old jeans 破旧的牛仔裤 
The old man was shabby and unkempt. 老头蓬头垢面，衣衫褴褛。
She tried to make up for her shabby treatment of him. 她先前待他不好，这时候想弥补一下。

You use first and foremost to emphasize the most important quality of something or someone. 首先
The foremost thing or person in a group is the most important or best. 最重要的; 最好的
foremost |英 ['fɔːməʊst]  美 ['fɔr'most]| adj. 最重要的；最先的/adv. 首先；居于首位地/
It is first and foremost a trade agreement.它首先是一项贸易协定。
He was one of the world's foremost scholars of ancient Indian culture.他是世界上最优秀的古印度文化学者之一。



combine or cause to combine to form a single entity:combine或导致合并形成一个实体
blend or cause to blend gradually into something else so as to become indistinguishable from it:blend或cause逐渐融入其他事物以致于无法与它区别开来
absorb (a title or estate) in another.:absorb（头衔或财产）在另一个人身上。
(of a motor vehicle) move from one lane into a gap in the traffic in another lane:（机动车）从一条车道驶入另一条车道的车流空隙
(of traffic) begin to form fewer lines, especially as a result of lanes or roads combining:（交通）开始形成更少的线，特别是由于车道或道路合并
an act or instance of merging:合并的行为或实例
an instance of traffic beginning to form fewer lines, especially as a result of lanes or roads combining:交通开始形成较少线路的实例，尤其是由于车道或道路合并
merge |məːdʒ| Noun/Verb/:合并,融合
a white car merged into the lane in front of us:一辆白色汽车并入我们前面的车道
traffic was merging due to construction:traffic因施工而合并
a beautiful merge of the old and the new:新与旧的完美融合
the turn is more like a merge than a standard right turn:theturn更像是合并而不是标准的右转

n. [C] 业务上的代理人:
n. 1 [C] [尤美]（美国的）律师，尤指代表当事人出庭的律师:
2 [C] 法律事务上的代理人:
attorney |[əˈtɜ:ni;美əˈtɜ:rni]
She was made her father's attorney when he became ill. 她在父亲生病时代理父亲的事务。
a prosecuting attorney 检控官 
She was made her father's attorney when he became ill. 她在父亲生病时代理父亲的事务。

adj.（政治或军事上）激进的；好战的:
militant |[ˈmɪlɪtənt]
Militant mineworkers in the Ukraine have voted for a one-day stoppage next month. 乌克兰激进的矿工们已经投票决定下个月罢工一天。
one of the most active militant groups 最为活跃的激进团体之一 
militant groups, militant leaders 好战团伙；好战领导人 
The women on the march were extremely militant. 游行的妇女极为激进。

vt.＆vi. wrinkle (sth) (up) 使脸上起皱纹；（以此种方式）皱起:
vt.＆vi. 起（不整洁的）褶皱；使…起（不整洁的）褶皱:
n. [usually pl.]（一块布或一张纸上的令人不快的）褶皱，皱痕，相当于crease:
n. [C] 皮肤上的皱纹（尤指脸上的皱纹）:
wrinkle |['rɪŋkl]
She wrinkled up her nose in distaste. 她厌恶地皱起鼻子。
He wrinkled his brow in concentration. 他全神贯注地锁紧眉头。
His face wrinkled in a grin. 他咧嘴一笑满脸都是皱纹。
Her stockings were wrinkling at the knees. 她长袜的膝盖处起了皱褶。
I tried to iron out the wrinkles in my shirt. 我设法将衬衫上的褶皱熨平。
Fine wrinkles started to appear around her eyes. 她的眼睛周围开始出现了细纹。
deep wrinkles in his forehead 他额头上深深的皱纹 
facial wrinkle 面部皱纹 
to prevent wrinkles 防皱

vt.（通过定期检查或维修来）保养、养护建筑物、机器等:
vt. 使某事继续保持在相同的水平上，如维持、保持:
vt. 通过给与金钱、食物等来供养…很长一段时间:
vt. ~ that（在别人不同意的情况下）坚称…:
maintain |[meɪnˈteɪn]
The house is large and difficult to maintain. 房子很大，难以养护。
The house costs a fortune to maintain. 维修这幢房子花销不菲。
a poorly maintained central heating system 养护不力的中央供暖系统 
a tough campaign to force authorities to maintain roads properly 迫使当局妥善维修道路的艰难斗争
They are looking to cut costs while simultaneously maintaining the existing levels of service. 他们考虑要在保持现有服务水平的同时降低成本。
to maintain prices (= prevent them falling or rising) 维持价格的稳定 
The government was right to maintain interest rates at a high level. 政府维持高利率的做法是正确的。
to ensure standards are maintained at as high a level as possible 确保标准维持在尽量高的水平上 
Commercial aircraft generally maintain cabin altitudes between 6 000 and 8 000 feet. 商务飞机座舱高度通常保持在6,000到8,000英尺之间。
This pace cannot be maintained indefinitely. 这样的速度不可能无限期地保持下去。
The government's position became increasingly difficult to maintain. 政府的地位越来越难以维持。
The company has easily maintained its position as the leading brand in the money-transfer business. 该公司轻松保持了在转账业务领域的领军地位。
We are anxious to maintain our close links with the police. 我们渴望与警方保持密切联系。
The Department maintains many close contacts with the chemical industry. 这个部门与化工行业保持着众多密切的联系。
The two countries have always maintained close relations. 这两个国家一直保持着密切关系。
Push yourself to make friends and to maintain the friendships. 要求自己与人交友并保持友谊。
He successfully maintained the financial health of the company. 他成功地维持了公司财务的健康运行。
He emphasized the need to maintain the status quo. 他强调了保持现状的必要性。
to maintain law and order 维持治安 
to maintain a balance 保持平衡 
She maintained a dignified silence.（正式）她一言不发，以保持尊严。
the basic costs of maintaining a child 抚养一个孩子的基本费用 
Her income was barely enough to maintain one child, let alone three. 她的收入养活一个孩子几乎都不够，更不用说三个了。
He should pay and maintain you as well. 他得给你钱，还得供养你。
He has maintained that the money was donated for international purposes. 他坚称这笔捐款将用于国际用途。
Prosecutors maintain no deal was made. 原告坚持说不存在任何交易。           

adj.（报纸、杂志、电视节目等）立场（或观点等）的；社论（式）的:
n. [C] [英式也可用leader, leading article]（报刊的）社论；（美国电台或电视台的）评论:
adj. [常用于名词前]（报刊、书籍、广播电视节目）编辑的、主编的:
editorial |[ˌedɪˈtɔ:riəl]
We are not about to change our editorial policy. 我们不会改变我们的社论方针。
newspaper editorial 报纸社论 
front-page editorial 头版社论 
lead editorial（尤美）头条社论 
The lead editorial in today's New York Times criticized the policy. 今天《纽约时报》的头条社论批评了这一政策。
full-page editorial 整版社论 
lengthy editorial 冗长的社论 
guest editorial（尤美）特邀社论 
anonymous editorial 匿名社论 
The paper only occasionally carries editorials. 这份报纸只偶尔发表社论。
The ewspaper ran a hard-hitting editorial criticizing the government's economic policies. 这份报纸刊登了一篇直言不讳的批评政府经济政策的社论。
an editorial on the problem of crime 一篇针对犯罪问题的社论 
In an editorial, The Independent suggests the victory could turn nasty. 《独立报》在一篇社论中暗示这场胜利可能会变味。
the magazine's editorial staff 杂志的全体编辑人员 
an editorial decision 稿件取舍决定 
He has been on the editorial staff of 'Private Eye' since 1963. 自1963年以来，他一直是《第三只眼》杂志的编辑。
I went to the editorial board meetings when I had the time. 我一有空就去参加编委会会议。

n. [pl.] [旧时或正式] 统称家属、亲属:
kin |[kɪn]
close, near kin 近亲 
Marriage between close kin is prohibited. 禁止近亲结婚。
blood kin（尤美）血亲 
extended kin 大家庭的成员 
distant kin 远亲 
female, male kin 女性亲戚；男性亲戚 
kin group（通常用kin-group）, kin network（均为术语）血缘集团；血缘网络 
kin relationships 亲属关系 
One of the drivers was fatally injured; his next of kin has been informed. 其中一名驾驶员受了致命伤，已通知其至亲。
She has gone to live with her husband's kin. 她住到丈夫的亲戚家里去了。           

vi. 处理、对付（一个问题或困难）:
vi. 解决、克服（一个问题或困难）:
vi. ~ (for sth) 与某人竞争（以为了夺取…），即争夺:
vt. [正式]（尤指在争论中）声称某事是真的，有时也可翻译为“认为”:
vt. [正式]（尤指在争论中）声称某事是真的:
contend |[kənˈtend]
It is time, once again, to contend with racism. 又一次到了与种族主义战斗的时刻了。
American businesses could soon have a new kind of lawsuit to contend with. 美国公司可能很快就要有一种新型的官司去应付了。           
Three armed groups were contending for power. 三个武装集团在争夺权力。
with 10 UK construction yards contending with rivals from Norway, Holland, Italy and Spain 10家英国建造厂与来自挪威、荷兰、意大利和西班牙的对手展开竞争
I would contend that the minister's thinking is flawed on this point. 我倒认为部长的想法在这一点上有漏洞。
The government contends that he is fundamentalist. 政府认定他是原教旨主义者。
'You were just looking,' contends Samantha. 'I was the one doing all the work.' “你不过是看看而已。”萨曼莎争辩道，“什么活儿都是我来干。”          

vt. [常用被动式] 用隔板等将室内分隔成更小的空间:
vt. [常用被动式] 分裂一个国家:
n. [U] 国家的分割、分治、瓜分:
n. [C] 房间内的一堵起隔断作用的墙或屏风:
partition |[pɑ:ˈtɪʃn;美pɑ:rˈt-]
The room is partitioned into three sections. 这间屋子被隔为三小间。
Bedrooms have again been created by partitioning a single larger room. 通过将一间大屋用隔断断开的方法再隔出了几间卧室。
He sat on the two-seater sofa in the partitioned office. 他坐在用隔板隔开的办公室里的双人沙发上。
to partition a country 分割一个国家 
for the first time since Ireland was partitioned 自爱尔兰被分裂后第一次 
Britain was accused of trying to partition the country 'because of historic enmity'. 英国被指“出于历史仇恨”企图分裂该国。
the partition of Germany after the war 战后对德国的分割
partition walls 隔断墙 
new offices divided only by glass partitions 只用玻璃隔板隔开的新办公室 
The cafe was divided up by glass partitions. 咖啡馆内用玻璃隔成小空间。
There were no partitions between the showers. 淋浴喷头之间没有任何东西分隔。
Her taxicab has a thick perspex partition between the passengers' seats and the driver. 她的出租车里乘客座位和驾驶员之间装着厚厚的有机玻璃隔板。           

n. [C] 坏事（尤指暴力、疾病等）的突然发生、爆发:
n. [C] 疾病的突然发生、爆发:
outbreak |[ˈaʊtbreɪk]
The four-day festival ended a day early after an outbreak of violence involving hundreds of youths. 一场有数百名年轻人卷入的暴力活动发生后，为期4天的节庆活动被迫提前一天结束。
the outbreak of war in the Middle East 中东战争的爆发 
an outbreak of fighting 战斗的爆发 
a outbreak of hostilities 敌对行为的爆发 
disease outbreak 疾病的爆发 
cholera, flu, salmonella outbreak 霍乱的爆发；流感的爆发；沙门氏菌病的爆发 
an outbreak of typhoid 伤寒的爆发 
A new outbreak of smallpox occurred in 1928. 1928年爆发了新一轮的天花。
Outbreaks of rain are expected in the afternoon.（英）下午将有暴雨。
occasional, periodic, sporadic outbreak 偶尔的爆发；周期性的爆发；零星的爆发
disease outbreak 疾病的爆发 
cholera, flu, salmonella outbreak 霍乱的爆发；流感的爆发；沙门氏菌病的爆发 
an outbreak of typhoid 伤寒的爆发 
A new outbreak of smallpox occurred in 1928. 1928年爆发了新一轮的天花。

able to be trusted as being accurate or true; reliable:能够被信任为准确或真实；可靠的
(of a text) considered to be the best of its kind and unlikely to be improved upon:(ofatext)被认为是同类中最好的，不太可能改进
commanding and self-confident; likely to be respected and obeyed:指挥和自信；可能会受到尊重和服从
proceeding from an official source and requiring compliance or obedience:来自官方来源并要求遵守或服从
authoritative |ɔːˈθɒrɪtətɪv| Adjective/:权威性,权威的
clear, authoritative information and advice:clear，权威信息和建议
this is likely to become the authoritative study of the subject:this很有可能成为该学科的权威研究
his voice was calm and authoritative:他的声音平静而权威
authoritative directives:authoritative指令

adj. [非正式]（人）油头滑脑的、靠不住的:
adj.（也可用非正式的slippy）（因为光滑、潮湿而）滑得抓不住（或站不稳、难以行走）的:
adj. [非正式]（情况、主题、问题等）难以应对的、棘手的:
slippery |[ˈslɪpəri]
Don't believe what he says─he's a slippery customer. 他说什么你可别信——他是个滑头。
He is a slippery customer, and should be carefully watched. 他是一个狡猾的顾客，要小心提防。
The tiled floor was wet and slippery. 瓷砖地面又湿又滑。
Bathroom floors can become slippery when wet. 浴室地板打湿后会很滑。
Motorists were warned to beware of slippery conditions. 提醒驾车人要当心路滑。
The track was wet and slippery for the race. 跑道有些湿滑，不利于比赛。
In places the path can be wet and slippery. 这条小径有些路段又湿又滑。
The concrete gets slippery when it's wet. 混凝土地面湿的时候会很滑。
The oil made the ground slippery and treacherous to walk on. 油使地面打滑，走在上面很危险。
rocks that were slippery with seaweed 布满海草而发滑的岩石 
slippery like a fish 滑得像条鱼似的 
His hand was slippery with sweat. 他的手汗津津的。
Freedom is a slippery concept (= because its meaning changes according to your point of view). 自由是一个难以明确的概念。
International law is notoriously slippery. 人所共知，国际法相当棘手。

n. [C]（你所希望达成的）目标，尤指需要付出很多时间或努力所达成的目标:
n. [C]（你所希望达成的）目标，尤指需要付出很多时间或努力所达成的目标:
n. [C] 体育比赛中（如足球、曲棍球等）的进球:
n. [C] 体育运动（如足球、曲棍球等）的球门:
goal |[ɡəʊl]
Our immediate goal is to earn enough money to keep the business going. 我们的近期目标是赚足够的钱使公司支撑下去。
ambitious, modest, ultimate goal 远大目标；适当的目标；最终目标 
achievable, attainable, realistic goal 可实现的目标；现实的目标 
personal, political goal 个人目标；政治目标 
to set your own a long-term goal 为你自己设定一个长期目标
Our immediate goal is to earn enough money to keep the business going. 我们的近期目标是赚足够的钱使公司支撑下去。
ambitious, modest, ultimate goal 远大目标；适当的目标；最终目标 
achievable, attainable, realistic goal 可实现的目标；现实的目标 
personal, political goal 个人目标；政治目标 
to set your own a long-term goal 为你自己设定一个长期目标
They scored three goals. 他们进了三个球。
winning goal 制胜球 
own goal（英）乌龙球 
penalty goal（足球运动中）罚球得分 
his first goal for Spain 他为西班牙队打入的第一粒进球
They had only one shot on goal. 他们只有一次射门。
He kicked the ball into an open goal. 他把球踢入空门。
Who is in goal for this team? 谁是本队的守门员？

If one thing outstrips another, the first thing becomes larger in amount, or more successful or important, than the second thing. 超过
outstrip |英 [aʊt'strɪp]  美 [,aʊt'strɪp]| vt. 超过；胜过；比…跑得快/
In 1989 and 1990 demand outstripped supply, and prices went up by more than a third.1989和1990年，需求大于供给，物价上涨了三分之一多。


You refer to the period of time or the thing immediately before the one that you are talking about as the preceding one. 前面的
preceding |英 [prɪ'siːdɪŋ]  美 ['prisidɪŋ]| adj. 在前的；前述的/v. 在...之前（precede的ing形式）/
She informed us that eighteen members of the staff had left during the preceding year.她当时告知我们，18位教职员在此前的一年里离开了。
As we saw in the preceding chapter, groups can be powerful agents of socialization.如我们在前一章所见，团组可以是社会化的有力动因。


vt. transform sth/sb (from sth) (into sth) 1 改变某事物的形态，相当于convert:
2（某事物的外观或性质、特征）完全改变，尤指使其变得更好:
transform |[træns'fɔ:m]
The photochemical reactions transform the light into electrical impulses. 光化学反应使光变为电脉冲。
A new colour scheme will transform your bedroom. 新的色彩调配将使你的卧室焕然一新。
It was an event that would transform my life. 那是能够彻底改变我一生的一件事。
The riots radically transformed the situation. 暴乱彻底改变了局势。
He seems to have been miraculously transformed into a first-class player. 他似乎奇迹般地变成了一名一流球员。
The place was transformed from a quiet town into a busy port. 这个地方由一个安静的小镇变为繁忙的港口。
the power of religion to transform our hearts and minds 能够改变心灵和思想的宗教力量

vt.&vi. ~ (through/over) sth 快速阅读以找到信息点，即浏览、略读:
vt. ~ (sth off/from) sth 从液体表面撇去油脂、乳脂、沫子等:
vt. ~ (sth off/from) sth 从液体表面撇去油脂、乳脂、沫子等:
vt.&vi. 非法复制并使用信用卡上的电子信息:
vt.&vi. 肤浅或一带而过地阐述或表现一个问题:
vt.&vi. ~ (along/over, etc.) sth（使）轻快地掠过一个表面（而不接触或偶尔接触）:
vt. skim sth/sb↔off 攫取（最好的部分）；捞取（精华部分）:
vt. [非正式] 在一段时间内经常偷盗少量的钱:
skim |[skɪm]
He skimmed through the article trying to find his name. 他浏览文章寻找自己的名字。
I always skim the financial section of the newspaper. 我总要浏览一下报纸上的财经版。
He skimmed the pages quickly, then read them again more carefully. 他先快速地浏览页面，然后再细细阅读。
I only had time to skim through the script before I flew over here. 在坐飞机来这儿之前，我只来得及将手稿匆匆浏览了一遍。
Skim the scum off the jam and let it cool. 撇去果酱上的浮沫，让它冷却。
Skim the jam and let it cool. 撇去果酱上的浮沫，让它冷却。
Rough seas today prevented specially equipped ships from skimming oil off the water's surface. 今天海面上风浪很大，那些配有专门设备的船只无法展开清除海面浮油的工作。
Skim off the fat. 将油脂撇去。
Skim the scum off the jam and let it cool. 撇去果酱上的浮沫，让它冷却。
Skim the jam and let it cool. 撇去果酱上的浮沫，让它冷却。
Skim off the fat. 将油脂撇去。         
This report has barely skimmed the surface of the subject. 报告对这个问题谈得很肤浅。
Foreign films only skim the surface of Moroccan life. 外国影片对摩洛哥的生活的描述只是皮毛。           
We watched the birds skimming over the lake. 我们看着鸟儿贴着湖面飞过。
seagulls skimming the waves 掠过浪尖的海鸥 
The little boat was skimming across the sunlit surface of the bay. 一叶小舟正轻轻掠过阳光下的海湾。
The speedboat took off, skimming the waves. 快艇擦着波浪飞驰而去。
We skimmed across the water in a small sailing boat. 我们乘小帆船掠过水面。
Small boys were skimming stones across the water.（英）几个小男孩用石块打水漂。

vt. insure sb against sth 可表示预防将来发生的坏事:
vt.＆vi. insure (yourself/sth) (against/for sth) 给…买保险，即投保。是此义的常规用词:
vt. 将保险卖给…，即承保，接受投保:
vt. 保证某事发生（或保证…是明确的、确切无疑的、肯定的），即确保。不过insure在此义项下尤用于美式英语，非美式英语用ensure:
insure |[ɪn'ʃʊə]
This measure can effectively insure people against traffic accidents. 该项措施能够有效预防交通事故的发生。
Having a lot of children is a way of insuring themselves against loneliness in old age. 养很多孩子是他们预防老年孤寂的一种办法。
The painting is insured for $1 million. 这幅油画投了100万美元的保险。
He had insured himself against long-term illness. 他为自己投保了长期疾病险。
The company can refuse to insure a property that does not have window locks. 保险公司可以拒绝为没有窗锁的房产提供保险。
We must ensure the task is completed on time. 我们必须确保按时完成任务。

n. 1 [U] 某事物被破坏后留下的木头、金属、砖块等的残余物，如残骸、碎片:
n. [U] [正式] 遗留在某处的不要的一些材料碎片和垃圾，如残渣、垃圾、废弃物:
n. [U] [正式] 遗留在某处的不要的一些材料碎片和垃圾，如残渣、垃圾、废弃物:
debris |[ˈdebri:;ˈdeɪ-;美dəˈbri:]
Emergency teams are still clearing the debris from the plane crash. 各抢救小组仍在清理失事飞机的残骸。
The tank exploded, scattering debris all over the field. 坦克爆炸了，整个原野上都散落着碎片残骸。
Police have spent the day sifting throught the debris for clues. 警方花了一整天在废墟中查找线索。
She was hit on the head by flying debris. 她被飞来的碎片击中了头部。
food, plant debris 食物残渣；植物残骸 
construction, garden, industrial（均尤美）debris 建筑垃圾；庭园垃圾；工业垃圾 
to clear the drain of debris 清理排水沟里的垃圾 
Debris accumulates at the bottom of the bottle. 残渣堆积在瓶底。
space, rocky, volcanic debris 太空垃圾；岩屑；火山灰
food, plant debris 食物残渣；植物残骸 
construction, garden, industrial（均尤美）debris 建筑垃圾；庭园垃圾；工业垃圾 
to clear the drain of debris 清理排水沟里的垃圾 
Debris accumulates at the bottom of the bottle. 残渣堆积在瓶底。
space, rocky, volcanic debris 太空垃圾；岩屑；火山灰

a half of a sphere.:半个球体。
a half of the earth, usually as divided into northern and southern halves by the equator, or into western and eastern halves by an imaginary line passing through the poles.:地球的一半，通常被赤道分为南北两半，或者被穿过两极的假想线分为东西两半。
a half of the celestial sphere.:半个天球。
each of the two parts of the cerebrum (left and right) in the brain of a vertebrate:脊椎动物大脑中大脑的两个部分（左右）中的每一个
hemisphere |ˈhɛmɪsfɪə| Noun/:heisphere
the left hemisphere plays a dominant role in the comprehension of language:左脑在语言理解中起主导作用

adj. [生物学]（基因）显性的，优势的:
adj. 首要的、最重要的、占支配地位的、显著的:
dominant |[ˈdɒmɪnənt;美ˈdɑ:m-]
Because it is carried by a dominant gene, an affected individual can expect about half of his or her children to inherit the illness. 因为它是由显性基因携带，所以感染者的孩子会有约50％的可能性遗传该疾病。
The firm has achieved a dominant position in the world market. 这家公司在国际市场上占有举足轻重的地位。
The dominant feature of the room was the large fireplace. 这间屋子要数那个大壁炉最显眼了。
a change which would maintain his party's dominant position in Scotland 将使他的政党在苏格兰继续占据支配地位的变化 
She was a dominant figure in the French film industry. 她在法国电影界是个举足轻重的人物。
the economically dominant class 经济上占优势的阶层


antonym |英 [ˈæntənɪm]  美 [ˈæntənɪm]| n. 反义词/



vi. ~ (from sth)（从困境或不好的经历中）幸存下来:
vi. ~ (from sth)（从困境或不好的经历中）摆脱出来:
vi. ~ (from sth) 从黑暗处或隐蔽处出现:
vt.&vi.（事实、结果、想法等）出现、暴露、被知晓:
vi. ~ (as sth) 开始存在；出现或被知晓:
emerge |[iˈmɜ:dʒ;美iˈmɜ:rdʒ]
She emerged from the scandal with her reputation intact. 丑闻过后，她安然无恙，名声丝毫未受影响。           
their plans to emerge from bankruptcy by February of next year 他们计划于明年2月之前摆脱破产困境 
There is growing evidence that the economy is at last emerging from recession. 有越来越多的证据表明经济终于开始摆脱萧条。
The world is only slowly emerging from recession. 世界正在从经济衰退中走出来。          
The swimmer emerged from the lake. 游泳者从湖水中浮出来。
She finally emerged from her room at noon. 中午，她终于从屋里出来了。
Richard was waiting outside the door as she emerged. 她出现的时候，理查德正在门外等着。
The postman emerged from his van soaked to the skin. 邮递员从他的厢式货车中出来，浑身湿透了。
We emerged into bright sunlight. 我们来到明媚的阳光下。
The plant had fully emerged from the soil. 植物已从土壤里完全长出。
It emerged that the company was going to be sold. 事已清楚，这家公司准备售出。
Several facts started to emerge from my investigation. 我的调查使若干事实开始明朗。
No new evidence emerged during the investigation. 调查过程中未发现新证据。
One thing emerges very clearly from this study. 这项研究中有一点十分清楚地显现出来。
The answer to the problem quickly emerged. 问题的答案很快出现了。
It subsequently emerged that he had known about the deal all along. 随后的情况显示他一直都知道这件事。
the growing corruption that has emerged in the past few years 过去几年暴露出来的越来越多的腐败现象 
Problems with this drug are now beginning to emerge. 这种药物的问题开始暴露出来。
It soon emerged that neither the July nor August mortgage repayment had been collected. 很快就发现，原来7月和8月的抵押还款都没有偿还。
What eventually emerged from the election disaster was a realization that it was time for change. 这次选举失败最终表明了变革已成当务之急。
After the elections opposition groups began to emerge. 经过选举，反对派开始露头。
He emerged as a major figure in the reform movement. 他逐渐成为改革运动的重要人物。
Vietnam has emerged as the world's third-biggest rice exporter. 越南已跃居世界第三大稻米出口国。
the emerging markets of South Asia 正在兴起的南亚市场 
the new republic that emerged in October 1917 1917年10月成立的新共和国 
a loose alliance of developed and emerging countries 发达国家和新兴国家之间的松散联盟 
The Pacific region has rapidly emerged as a leading force on the world stage. 太平洋地区迅速崛起，成为世界舞台上的一支主要力量。
newly emerged/emerging newly emerging areas of science 新兴的科学领域 
the musical forms that emerged out of the American black experience 来源于美国黑人经历的音乐形式

squeeze through, in, past, etc. 迫使某人或某事物进入或穿过一个狭小的空间，即（使）挤入或挤过。是一种动作:
n. [sing.] 在狭小空间里的挤或塞:
squeeze sth (out) 榨出汁。此时与press未见明显区别:
n. [sing.] [非正式；尤美] 男朋友或女朋友:
n. [C] 挤出或榨出的少量液体:
vt.＆vi.（尤指用手指）牢牢地挤压，捏:
squeeze sth (out) 通过使劲儿挤压或拧而把液体从…中挤出，拧出，榨出:
n. [C, usually sing.]（通常用手所进行的）挤压或捏:
vt. [非正式] squeeze sb (for sth) 通过给某人施压（或通过威胁等手段）来获取…，即勒索。带有逼迫意味:
vt. 严格限制或缩减…所能拥有（或使用）的金钱数额:
n. [C, usually sing.]（可获得的金钱、工作岗位等的）减少；或由此而引起的艰难处境:
squeeze |[skwi:z]
vt.＆vi. squeeze (sb/sth) into, through, etc. sth 
We managed to squeeze six people into the car. 我们在那辆车上挤进了六个人。
to squeeze into a tight dress 勉强穿上一件窄连衣裙 
to squeeze into a parking space 把车勉强开进一个停车位 
to squeeze through a gap in the hedge 从篱笆上的豁口挤过去 
If you move forward a little, I can squeeze past. 你朝前挪一挪，我就可以挤过去了。
We managed to squeeze a lot into a week.（比喻用法）我们把很多事挤在一个星期里做完了。
It was a tight squeeze but we finally got everything into the case. 箱子塞得很紧，不过我们最终还是把所有东西都装进去了。
Seven people in the car was a bit of a squeeze. 那辆车坐了七个人是有点挤。
Hospitals are in a squeeze.（美）医院里人满为患。
vt. squeeze sth (out of/from sth) 
freshly squeezed orange juice 现榨的橙汁
Who’s his main squeeze? 他最要好的女朋友是谁？
a squeeze of lemon juice 挤出的一点柠檬汁
to squeeze a tube of toothpaste 挤牙膏 
to squeeze the trigger of a gun 扣动枪的扳机 
He squeezed her hand and smiled at her. 他捏了捏她的手，冲她笑笑。
His legs were squeezed together. 他双腿紧紧并拢。
vt. squeeze sth (out of/from sth) 
He took off his wet clothes and squeezed the water out. 他脱下湿衣服，拧干了水。
I squeezed the last bit of toothpaste out of the tube. 我从牙膏管里挤出最后一点儿牙膏。
freshly squeezed orange juice 现榨的橙汁 
Give the tube another squeeze. 把软管再挤一下。
He gave his mother a comforting squeeze as he left. 他离开时捏了下母亲的手，让她放心。
A squeeze of her hand reassured him. 他握着她的手，才觉得安心。
He’s squeezing me for £500. 他逼我拿出500英镑。
High interest rates have squeezed the industry hard. 高利率使这个行业举步维艰。
cash, credit, economic, financial squeeze 通货紧缩；信贷紧缩；经济紧缩；财务紧缩 
a squeeze on profits 利润的减少 
a squeeze on spending 缩减开支 
I’m really feeling the squeeze. 我的确感觉到手头拮据。
All manufacturers are feeling the squeeze. 所有制造商都感到资金紧张。
The government is trying to put the squeeze on high earners. 政府正设法对高收入者施加压力。

The niceties of a situation are its details, especially with regard to good manners or the appropriate behaviour for that situation. (礼仪或礼貌举止上的)细节
nicety |英 ['naɪsɪtɪ]  美 ['naɪsəti]| n. 精密；美好；细节；拘泥细节/
He wasted no time with social niceties.他没有在社交礼仪上浪费一点点时间。
...the niceties of dinner party conversation....晚宴上谈话的礼节。

