inspiration					灵感，妙计
doubtless					很可能的，无疑的
version						说法，变体，版本
slack						松垂的，懒散的，松懈的，萧条的
correlate			相关联
subside				减弱，塌陷，坐下
donation						捐赠物
feel								触摸，感觉到，意识到，认为，气氛，天赋
piracy			劫持，盗版
oscillate		摆动，震荡
norm				基准，规范
trample				踩，侵犯
compliment			赞扬，致意
compliments			称赞之词，问候
genuine						真的，真诚的
fancy								想要，想象，高级的
augment			增加
smart					漂亮的，时尚的，聪明的，引起剧痛
gaudy			俗艳的，花哨的
generalize					概括，普及
carpenter								木匠
sincere			真诚的，忠实的
glimmer			闪烁的微光
a glimmer of hope		一丝希望
muster			集合，鼓起
gene							基因
devastating			毁灭性的，令人震惊的，令人倾倒的
decree			法令，裁定，颁布
reservoir		水库，储备
jeopardize					危及
sterilize		给...消毒，使...绝育
deadlock			僵局
\\\\\\\\

n. [C, usually sing.] ~ (to/for sb) 鼓舞人心的人（或事物）:
n. [C, usually sing.] ~ (for sth) 使人产生灵感或动机的人或事物，即灵感的来源、原型:
~ (for sth) 灵感:
2 [C, usually sing., U] 突然想到的好主意:
inspiration |[ˌɪnspəˈreɪʃn]
Her charity work is an inspiration to us all. 她的慈善工作激励着我们大家。
Powell's unusual journey to high office is an inspiration to millions. 鲍威尔升任高官的不寻常历程对数以百万计的人都是一个激励。
She was a great inspiration. She was the person who impressed us with the importance of research. 她极大地鼓舞了我们，让我们深刻了解到研究的重要性。
She's been a great inspiration to me. 她一直是给我极大鼓舞的人。
He says my sister was the inspiration for his heroine. 他说我姐姐是他的女主人公的原型。
His wife was the direct inspiration for the main character in the book. 正是他的妻子使他产生了灵感，塑造出了这本书的主人公。
India's myths and songs are the inspiration for her books. 印度的神话与歌曲是她那些书的灵感来源。
The sea has provided an inspiration for many of his paintings. 大海为他的很多作品提供了灵感。
The inspiration behind the reforms was a paper written in 1985. 改革的想法源于 1985 年的一篇论文。
He was the inspiration behind last week's victory. 他是上周所获胜利的灵魂人物。       
Dreams can be a rich source of inspiration for an artist. 梦境可以成为艺术家灵感的丰富源泉。
Both poets drew their inspiration from the countryside. 两位诗人都是从乡村得到他们的灵感。
The movement draws much of its inspiration from the Greek philosophers. 这一运动从古希腊哲学家那里吸取了大量的灵感。
Many of us found inspiration in her teaching. 我们当中很多人都从她的教学中获得启发。
Where did you get the inspiration for the book? 你这本书的灵感来自哪里?
Looking for inspiration for a new dessert? Try this recipe. 正在寻找制作新式甜食的灵感吗？试试这份食谱吧。
My inspiration comes from poets like Baudelaire and Jacques Prévert. 我的灵感源于像波德莱尔和雅克·普雷韦这样的诗人。
What better way of finding inspiration for your own garden than by visiting others. 还有什么比参观别人花园更好的获取灵感、扮靓自家花园的方法呢。
Her latest book owes its inspiration to childhood memories. 她新书的灵感来源于童年的记忆。
He peered into his glass, as if seeking inspiration there. 他仔细端详着玻璃杯，好像要从中寻觅灵感。
artistic, creative, musical, poetic inspiration 艺术灵感；创作灵感；音乐灵感；诗歌灵感 
He had an inspiration: he'd give her a dog for her birthday. 他突然想到一个好主意，他要送她一条狗作为生日礼物。
It came to me in a flash of inspiration. 那是我灵机一动想到的。
In a flash of inspiration, I decided to paint the whole house white. 我灵机一动，决定把整个房子刷成白色。
One day the inspiration just came. 总有一天会来灵感的。
I had to wait until inspiration struck. 我不得不等待灵感闪现。

If you say that something is doubtless the case, you mean that you think it is probably or almost certainly the case. 大概; 近乎无疑地
doubtless |英 ['daʊtlɪs]  美 ['daʊtləs]| adv. 无疑地；确定地；大概，多半/adj. 无疑的；确定的/
He will doubtless try and persuade his colleagues to change their minds.他大概会尽力说服他的同事们改变主意。


n. [C] 某事物（相对于该事物早期或同类事物）的轻微的形式变体或变种:
n. [C] 基于某个作品所改编而成的电影、戏剧或音乐等形式。通常是形式、风格或语言上的“改编版”（而内容基本保持不变），如小说的电影版。此时与edition的“图书出版的形式”之义有交集，如abridged version和abridged edition都可翻译为“删节本”，但abridged edition仅表示图书的“删节本”，而abridged version则除此之外还可指影视、音乐等作品的“删节版”。且涉及到不同语言之间的转换时，也要用version，如English version（英文版）。总之，在此义项下，edition一般仅用于表示图书的版本，且仅表示版本本身，而不如version那样强调各种事物不同版本之间的变化:
n. [C] 从某个人（或某一群人）的角度对一个事件所进行的描述，可称为“说法”或具有比喻色彩的“版本”:
n. [C] 文字内容的版本（通常为风格或语言上的改编版）。其表示“版本”时，强调一种变化，即某事物（相对于该事物早期或同类事物）的“轻微的形式变体或变种”，如最新版、升级版、测试版、初始版本、修订版、改良版、放大版、微缩版、便携版、高级版等。此时与edition的“版次”之义有一定交集，二者一般可互换使用。但有两点需要注意:
第一，表示“第几版”时，一般仅用edition；第二，edition一般仅用于图书出版领域，而version则可用于多个领域（当然也包括图书出版领域），且version用于出版领域时，一般强调不同版次间存在着某种或某些差别（如二者都翻译成出版领域的“最新版”时，edition仅强调图书次序上的新旧之别，而version则暗示新版对比旧版有了某些内容或形式上的变化）:
version |['və:ʃn]
There are two versions of the game. 这款游戏有两个版本。
an earlier version of this software 这款软件的早期版本 
A future version of the smartphone is currently being developed. 这种智能手机的新款正在研发中。
the less expensive generic version of the drug 这种药品中较便宜的仿制品 
the final version of the architectural plans 最后确定的建筑规划方案 
trial version 试用版 
audio version 音频版 
screen, stage, television version 银幕版；舞台版；电视版 
cover version 翻唱版 
the film version of ‘War and Peace’ 根据《战争与和平》改编的电影
She gave us her version of what had happened that day. 她向我们描述了她认为那天发生的事情。
Their versions of how the accident happened conflict. 他们对事故发生情况的说法相互矛盾。
the English version of the novel 这部小说的英文版 
They read the novel in its abridged version. 他们读的是这部小说的删节本。
the official version of a book 一本书的官方版本 
an updated version of his bestselling book 他这本畅销书的一个最新版本 
the rough version of the essay 该文章的草稿 
the full version of the speech 讲话的全文 
hardback, paperback version 精装版；平装版 
printed version 纸质版 
electronic version 电子版

adj. 拉不紧的，即松弛的:
n. [U] 绳索等的松弛部分:
n. [U] 应得到更充分利用的（组织中的）人员、资金或地方，即剩余的或闲置待用的人员、资金或地方:
adj. [贬] 对某事不投入足够精力或关注度的，如懈怠的、不用心的、敷衍了事的:
vi. 工作懈怠:
n. [U] 煤屑:
adj.（生意）萧条冷清的，没什么顾客或销量的、不忙的:
slack |[slæk]
The rope suddenly went slack. 绳子突然松了。
Let the reins go slack. 放松缰绳 
Leave the thread slightly slack to allow for movement. 把线松一松，以便活动。
She was staring into space, her mouth slack. 她双唇微张，失神地望着前方。
The boy's jaw went slack. 男孩张大了嘴巴。
My jaw fell slack in disbelief. 我目瞪口呆，简直不敢相信。
slack muscles 松弛的肌肉           
There's too much slack in the tow rope. 拖缆太松。
There's very little slack in the budget. 预算中没有多少剩余款项。
He's been very slack in his work lately. 近来他工作很不认真。
She knew she had been very slack in her church attendance recently. 她知道自己最近疏于上教堂。
Many publishers have simply become far too slack. 许多出版商只是变得过于懈怠了。
Discipline in the classroom is very slack. 班里纪律十分松懈。
He had never let a foreman see him slacking. 他从未在哪个工头面前表现出丝毫懈怠。
a slack period 萧条期 
The workload can be evened out, instead of the shop having busy times and slack periods. 工作量可以平均开来，不像商店那样有时很忙，有时很闲。
The antiques business remained slack. 古董生意仍然冷清。
This season has been pretty slack for local hotels so far. 本季直至目前对当地旅馆来说生意都相当惨淡。

vi.（两个或两个以上的事实、数字等）相互关联影响；相互依赖:
vi. 极为相似:
correlate |[ˈkɒrəleɪt;美ˈkɔ:r-;ˈkɑ:r-]
The figures do not seem to correlate. 这些数字似乎毫不相干。
A high-fat diet correlates with a greater risk of heart disease. 高脂肪饮食与增加心脏病发作的风险密切相关。
Obesity correlates with increased risk for hypertension and stroke. 肥胖会增加高血压和中风发作的几率。
High morale among staff was found to correlate positively with productivity. 人们发现员工中高昂的士气与生产力是正相关的。
Property values are negatively correlated to the tax rate.财产价值与税率负相关。
The average speed of the vehicles -s closely with the severity of the accident caused. 平均车速与所引起事故的严重程度密切相关。
The political opinions of spouses correlate more closely than their heights. 配偶之间政治观点上的相似度要大于他们身高的相似程度。

vi. 变得更平静，如（感情）平息、缓和，（疼痛）缓解；（噪音）减弱,（争斗）平息:
vi.（水位，尤指洪水的水位）回落:
vi.（地面或建筑物）下沉、下陷、沉降（至地面以下）:
vi.（疼痛）缓解:
subside |[səbˈsaɪd]
She waited nervously for his anger to subside. 她提心吊胆地等他的怒气平息下来。
My laughter soon subsided. 我的笑声很快停了下来。
Catherine's sobs finally subsided. 凯瑟琳终于慢慢停止了抽泣。
Her tears subsided into sniffs. 渐渐地她不再流泪，只是抽着鼻子。
I took an aspirin and the pain gradually subsided. 我服了一片阿司匹林，疼痛逐渐缓解了。
The storm gradually subsided. 风暴逐渐平息下来。
Violence has subsided following two days of riots. 两天的暴乱过后，暴力事件开始平息。
The flood waters gradually subsided. 洪水缓缓回落。
Local officials say the flood waters have subsided. 当地官员称洪水已经退去了。
Weak foundations caused the house to subside. 由于地基不实，房子出现下陷。
Does that mean the whole house is subsiding? 那意味着整个房子正在下陷吗？
I took an aspirin and the pain gradually subsided. 我服了一片阿司匹林，疼痛逐渐缓解了。

~ (of…) 捐赠、捐献；捐赠物、捐献物:
donation |[dəʊˈneɪʃn;美doʊ-]
Employees make regular donations to charity. 员工定期向慈善机构捐赠。
Charities appealed for donations of food and clothing for victims of the hurricane. 慈善机构呼吁为飓风的受害者们捐献食品和衣物。
generous, large, small donation 慷慨捐赠；大量捐赠；少量捐助 
a donation of £200/a £200 donation 200英镑的捐款 
company, corporate donation 公司捐赠；企业捐赠 
personal, private donation 个人捐赠；私人捐赠 
The project is funded by public donation. 该工程是由公众捐资修建的。
anonymous donation 匿名捐赠 
voluntary donation 自愿捐赠 
charitable, political donation 慈善捐赠；政治捐赠 
campaign donation（尤美）竞选捐助 
cash, financial, monetary（尤美）donation 现金捐赠；捐资 
tax-deductible donation 可享税收减免的捐赠 
online donation 网上捐款 
blood, egg, organ, sperm donation 献血；卵子捐献；器官捐献；捐精 
He made a generous donation to the charity. 他向慈善机构作出慷慨的捐赠。
The charity has received over $10 million in donations. 这个慈善机构收到了超过1，000万美元的捐赠。
a donation towards/toward the building of a new hospital 对兴建新医院的捐款

n. [sing.] 由一个地方、一种形势等所创造的印象；气氛:
linking verb. 1（通过经历）体会到（某种感觉、感情或情绪），即感到，觉得。是一个常规用词，极为常用:
2 给人以某种感觉或印象:
3 通过触摸而拥有某种身体感觉，即摸起来，手感:
vt. 1（通过触觉）注意到、意识到、感觉到，相当于sense:
2（即使不能看到、听到等，但能）感觉到…，相当于sense:
3 用手指来触摸（以达到对该事物的某种程度的认识）:
4 体验到…的效果或结果（常指强烈地体验到）:
vt.＆vi. 认为或相信（某事物是如此的）；拥有某种观点或态度:
vi. feel (about/around) (for sth)（用手、脚等）搜索:
n. [sing.] the feel 触摸（或被触摸）时所得到的一种感觉，即触感:
feel |[fi:l]
It’s a big city but it has the feel of a small town. 这是座大城市，却给人一个小城镇的印象。
The room has a comfortable feel to it. 这个房间令人感到舒适。
You’ll feel better after a good night’s sleep. 你晚上睡个好觉就会觉得舒服些。
I was feeling guilty. 我感到歉疚。
I feel sorry for him. 我为他感到可惜。
She felt betrayed. 她感觉被出卖了。
I felt like a complete idiot. 我感觉完全像个傻瓜。
I know exactly how you feel. 我完全理解你的心情。
It felt strange to be back in my old school. 我回到母校有一种生疏的感觉。
My mouth felt completely dry. 我感到口干舌燥。
It feels like rain. 好像快要下雨了。
The water feels warm. 这水摸着很暖。
Its skin feels really smooth. 它的皮摸起来真光滑。
This wallet feels like leather. 这个钱包摸上去像是皮的。
I could feel the warm sun on my back. 我背上感受到了阳光的温暖。
She could not feel her legs. 她的双腿失去了知觉。
She could feel herself blushing. 她感觉到自己脸都红了。
I felt something crawl up my arm. 我觉得有个东西顺着我的手臂往上爬。
Can you feel the tension in this room? 你能感觉到这房间里的紧张气氛吗？
Can you feel the bump on my head? 你能摸到我头上那个肿块吗？
Feel how rough this is. 摸摸这有多粗糙。
He feels the cold a lot. 他很怕冷。
She felt her mother’s death very deeply. 她深感丧母之痛。
The effects of the recession are being felt everywhere. 经济衰退的影响无处不在。
We all felt the force of her arguments. 我们都领教了她论据的分量。
We all felt (that) we were unlucky to lose. 我们都认为我们输了是运气不好。
I felt (that) I had to apologize. 我以为我得道歉。
She felt it to be her duty to tell the police. 她认为她有责任报警。
This decision is, I feel, a huge mistake. 我认为这个决定是个天大的错误。
I felt it advisable to do nothing. 我觉得最好什么都不要做。
He felt in his pockets for some money. 他在口袋里摸着想找一些钱。
I had to feel about in the dark for the light switch. 我得在黑暗中摸索寻找电灯开关。
You can tell it’s silk by the feel. 你一摸就知道这是丝绸。
She loved the feel of the sun on her skin. 她喜欢太阳照在皮肤上的感觉。

You can refer to the illegal copying of things such as DVDs and computer programs as piracy. 盗版行为
Piracy is robbery at sea carried out by pirates. 海盗行为
piracy |英 ['paɪrəsɪ]  美 ['paɪrəsi]| n. 海盗行为；剽窃；著作权侵害；非法翻印/
...protection against piracy of books, films, and other intellectual property.…对书籍、影片以及其他知识产权免遭侵权的保护。
Seven of the fishermen have been formally charged with piracy.其中7名渔民已被正式指控犯有海盗罪。


vi. ~ (between A and B) [正式] 情感或行为在两个极端之间波动、变化、摇摆。相当于swing:
vi. ~ (between A and B) [正式] 水平、价值等在两个极端数量之间波动、浮动:
vi. [物理学]（电流、无线电波等）在强度和方向上规律地波动、振荡:
vi. [物理学] 摆动:
vi. ~ (between A and B) [正式] 情感或行为在两个极端之间变化、摇摆。相当于swing:
oscillate |[ˈɒsɪleɪt;美ˈɑ:s-]
Her moods oscillated between depression and elation. 她的情绪时而抑郁，时而亢奋。
The president of the Republic oscillated between a certain audacity and a prudent realism. 该共和国总统施政风格时而大胆冒进，时而谨慎务实。
The share price has oscillated between a five-year high of 157.25p in 1997 and this year's low of 91.5p. 股价一直在1997年创下的5年间最高点157.25便士和今年的最低点91.5便士之间浮动。
Oil markets oscillated on the day's reports from Geneva. 石油市场因当天来自日内瓦的报道出现了起伏。
Watch how the needle on the dial oscillates. 仔细看仪表盘上的指针如何摆动。
I checked to see if the needle indicating volume was oscillating. 我查看了那根音量指针是否在摆动。
Her moods oscillated between depression and elation. 她的情绪时而抑郁，时而亢奋。
The president of the Republic oscillated between a certain audacity and a prudent realism. 该共和国总统施政风格时而大胆冒进，时而谨慎务实。          

n. [sing.]（常用the norm）常态；正常行为:
n. [pl.] norms指一个社会群体的行为规范:
n. [C] 标准；定额；定量:
norm |[nɔ:m;美nɔ:rm]
Families of six or seven are the norm in Borough Park. 在区公园住宅区六口或七口之家十分普遍。
The changes will lead to more flexible leases, and leases nearer to 15 years than the present norm of 25 years. 这些变化将带来更灵活的、接近15年的租期，而不是现行的常规为25年的租期。
Small families are the norm nowadays. 现在大都是小家庭。
They want to discourage pay settlements over the norm. 他们想阻止推行超过正常标准的工资解决方案。
On-screen editing has become the norm for all student work. 在计算机屏幕上编辑已成为所有学生作业的标准要求。 
The new design is a departure from the norm. 新的设计打破了常规。
In these areas poverty is the norm rather than the exception. 在这些地区，贫困是正常现象而非例外。
Older parents seem to be the norm rather than the exception nowadays. 生育较晚的大龄父母在今天似乎成了常事，而不是个例。
I saw nothing out of the norm.（美式用法）我没看到任何不符合规范的情况。
social, cultural norms 社会规范；文化规范 
ethical, moral norms 伦理规范；道德规范 
community norms 社区规范 
peer, gender norms 同龄人之间的规范；有关性别的规范 
the commonly accepted norms of democracy 被人们普遍接受的民主准则 
Their behaviour conforms to the group norms. 他们的行为符合群体规范。
detailed education norms for children of particular ages 针对具体年龄儿童的详细教育标准 
an agency which would establish European norms and co-ordinate national policies to halt pollution. 确立各项欧洲环保标准、协调各国政策以阻遏污染的机构 
accepted norms of international law 公认的国际法标准           

~ on/over sth 把…踩碎或踩伤:
vt.&vi. ~ (on/over) sb/sth 践踏某人的感情或权利:
~ on/over sth 把…踩伤:
trample |[ˈtræmp]
vt.&vi. ~ sb/sth (down) 
half-ripe apples that were being trampled underfoot by the fighting men 被大打出手的男子踩烂在脚下的半熟苹果 
People were trampled underfoot in the rush for the exit. 有人在拼命涌向出口时被踩在脚下。
Many people were trampled in the panic that followed. 很多人在随后的恐慌中被踩伤。
He was trampled to death by a runaway horse. 他被一匹脱缰的马踩死了。
The campers had trampled the corn down. 野营的人践踏了庄稼。
Don't trample on the flowers! 勿踏花草！
They don't want people trampling the grass, pitching tents or building fires. 他们不希望人们踩踏草坪、支帐篷或生火。
Police officers had been trampling all over the ground. 警察们到处踩来踩去。
The government is trampling on the views of ordinary people. 政府在践踏民意。
They say loggers are destroying rain forests and trampling on the rights of natives. 他们说伐木工人正在毁坏雨林，践踏原住民的权利。
Diplomats denounced the leaders for trampling their citizens' civil rights. 外交官谴责这些领导人践踏其公民的公民权。
vt.&vi. ~ sb/sth (down) 
People were trampled underfoot in the rush for the exit. 有人在拼命涌向出口时被踩在脚下。
Many people were trampled in the panic that followed. 很多人在随后的恐慌中被踩伤。

vt. ~ sb (on sth) 赞美、称赞、恭维；钦佩:
n. [C] 称赞或赞扬的话语:
n. [pl.] [正式] compliments可指有礼貌的言辞或良好的祝愿，尤用于表达赞美或敬仰。如致意、问候、祝贺:
compliment |[ˈkɒmplɪmənt;美ˈkɑ:m-]
She complimented him on his excellent German. 她夸奖他德语棒极了。
They complimented me on the way I looked each time they saw me. 每次见到我，他们都称赞我的外貌。
Firstly I compliment you on most of your excellent Spring issue of 'Triangle'. 首先，让我来夸几句，你们《三角迷踪》春季号的大部分内容都非常精彩。
to pay sb a compliment (= to praise them for sth) 对某人表示赞扬 
‘You understand the problem because you're so much older.’ ‘I'll take that as a compliment!’ “您是能理解这个问题的，因为您年纪大那么多。”“就当你这是夸奖吧！”
It's a great compliment to be asked to do the job. 获聘请做这项工作是一项极大的荣誉。
The actors have entertained us so splendidly during this weekend, I think it's time we returned the compliment. 这周末演员们给我们带来了精彩的演出，我觉得我们该回请他们了。
You can do no harm by paying a woman compliments. 对女人说些恭维话没有坏处。
'Well done, Cassandra,' Crook said. She blushed, but accepted the compliment with good grace. “干得好，卡桑德拉。”克鲁克说。她脸一下子红了，但还是很有风度地接受了恭维。
To listen to someone is the greatest compliment you can pay. 用心倾听就是对别人最高的尊重。
back-handed, left-handed（美）有言外之意的恭维；虚情假意的恭维 
In a backhanded compliment she said he looked very good for his age. 她说他比实际年龄年轻许多，其实是有言外之意。
Pleasse don't misunderstand me--I meant it as a compliment. 请别误解我的意思——我这是赞美之言。
She acknowledged their compliments with a big smile. 她喜笑颜开地接受了他们的赞美。
I take that as a compliment. 我把那当作赞美。
We consider it a compliment to be called 'conservative' 我们认为被称作“保守分子”是对我们的一种赞赏。
She's always fishing for compliments about her looks. 她总是拐弯抹角地想让别人称赞她好看。
He returned her compliment by saying how well she looked. 对干她的称赞，他回报说她很漂亮。
She received several compliments on her speech. 她的演讲得到了一些人的称赞。
If Mark's wearing a suit，that'll be a compliment to you! 如果马克穿套装，那就是对你的尊敬!
Compliments of the season! (= for Christmas or the New Year)（英）谨致节日的祝贺！（圣诞节或新年时的贺词）
Please accept these flowers with the compliments of (= as a gift from) the manager. 请接受经理送的鲜花。
On my bedside table awaited, with the compliments of the management, an appetizing breakfast. 一份让人垂涎的早餐摆在我的床头桌上，那是管理人员的一点小意思。
Please give this to your boss with my compliments. 请把这个给你的老板，算是我的一点心意。
My compliments to the chef!（= to show that you like a particular dish）请向厨师代为致意！
Give my compliments to your lovely wife when you write home. 写信回家的时候，代我问候你可爱的妻子。
compliments slip（英）致意便条 
The only enclosure was a formal compliments slip from the accounts department. 仅随函附上一张财务部的正式礼帖。
All guests will receive a bottle of champagne with our compliments. 所有来宾都将得到我们赠送的一瓶香槟。

If you compliment someone, you give them a compliment. 恭维
A compliment is a polite remark that you make to someone to show that you like their appearance, appreciate their qualities, or approve of what they have done. 恭维话
compliments |英/美 ['kɔmplimənt]| n. 恭维（compliment的复数）；问候；道贺/v. 祝贺（compliment的三单形式）；向…致贺辞/
They complimented me on the way I looked each time they saw me.他们每次见到我都就我的外貌恭维我。
You can do no harm by paying a woman compliments.对女人讲恭维话不会有什么害处。


adj.（人或感情）真诚的、诚实的、可信赖的:
adj. 真的、名副其实的:
genuine |[ˈdʒenjuɪn]
a very genuine person 非常诚实可信的人 
I'm convinced she is absolutely genuine. 我确信她绝对是真诚的。
His offer sounded genuine enough. 他的建议听起来够诚恳。
He made a genuine attempt to improve conditions. 他真心实意地努力改善环境。
genuine concern for others 对他人真诚的关心 
There was genuine joy in this room. 房间里洋溢着发自内心的快乐。
If this offer is genuine I will gladly accept it. 如果这份帮助是诚心的，我欣然接受。
Is the painting a genuine Picasso? 这幅画是毕加索的真迹吗？
Fake designer watches are sold at a fraction of the price of the genuine article. 伪造的设计师名牌手表以真品若干分之一的价格出售。
Only genuine refugees can apply for asylum. 只有真正的难民才能申请政治避难。
genuine leather 真皮 
The document is not considered genuine. 这份文件被认为是伪造的。
Her happiness was perfectly genuine. 她确实很快乐。

adj. 1 异常复杂的（常是不必要地），试图给其他人留下印象的，即花哨的，反义词为simple:
2 只用于名词前，（尤指一些小物品）有很多装饰或明亮色彩的:
vt. 1 [英] 认为某人将会获胜或在某事（尤指速度比赛）上成功:
2 [文学] 认为，想象:
vt. [英，非正式] 为某人的性吸引力所吸引，如爱慕:
vt. 1 [英，非正式，贬] 认为自己非常受欢迎、有魅力或聪明，即自负，自命不凡:
2 [英] fancy yourself (as) sth 自认为是，或（常是错误地）相信自己是…，即自命为…:
vt. [英，非正式] 想要去做某事，相当于feel like:
n. [sing.] 想要（拥有…或去做某事），相当于whim:
vt.＆vi. [英，非正式，正变得过时] Fancy!用于对某事表示惊讶或震惊:
n. [C, usually pl.] [英] 一小块装饰起来的蛋糕:
adj. [美]（食物）品质高的，即优质的，高档的:
n. [C, U] 想象的事物；想象或想象力。其含义接近于“幻想”，相当于fantasy，不过不如fantasy常用:
adj.（有时贬）昂贵的，或与昂贵的生活方式相关的，如奢华的:
fancy |['fænsɪ]
a kitchen full of fancy gadgets 有各式各样小装置的厨房 
They added a lot of fancy footwork to the dance. 他们给这个舞蹈增加了许多复杂的舞步。
fancy legal words 异常复杂的法律词语 
fancy goods (= things sold as gifts or for decoration) 精美小商品（用作装饰或礼品）
Which horse do you fancy in the next race? 下一轮赛马你认为哪匹马会赢？
He’s hoping to get the job but I don’t fancy his chances. 他希望得到那份工作，不过我认为他的机会不大。
She fancied (that) she could hear footsteps. 她觉得好像听到了脚步声。
I think she fancies me. 我认为她喜欢我。
He really fancied himself. 他自以为很了不起。
She fancies herself (as) a serious actress. 她自以为是个严肃的演员。
Fancy a drink? 想喝一杯吗？
Do you fancy going out this evening? 今晚你想不想出去？
She said she wanted a dog but it was only a passing fancy. 她说想要一条狗，但这不过是一时心血来潮。
Fancy! She’s never been in a plane before. 真想不到！她竟然从未坐过飞机。
Fancy meeting you here! 竟然在这儿遇到你！
‘She remembered my name after all those years.’ ‘Fancy that!’ “过了那么多年她还记得我的名字。”“真是不可思议！”
night-time fancies that disappear in the morning 在早上逝去的夜间幻想 
a child’s wild flights of fancy 孩子的异想天开
fancy restaurants with fancy prices 价格昂贵的豪华餐厅 
Don’t come back with any fancy ideas. 别用任何大手大脚花钱的想法回敬我了。

vt. [正式] 增加（数量、价值、尺寸、规模等）:
augment |[ɔ:gˈment]
While searching for a way to augment the family income, she began making dolls. 为了想法子增加家庭收入，她开始制作洋娃娃。                   

adj. 1 [尤英]（人）看起来干净整洁的；衣着时尚或衣着正式讲究的:
2 [尤英]（衣服等）干净整洁，看起来崭新且吸引人的，即光鲜的:
vi. smart (from/over sth)（对批评、失败等）感到难过或烦恼:
adj.（运动、动作等）快速且常有力的:
adj. [尤美] 聪明的，机敏的，精明的:
vi. smart (from sth)（身体部位）感受到一股剧烈刺痛:
adj. [尤英] 与时尚的富人有关的，如高档的:
adj. 武器、炸弹等由电脑控制，因此能智能化操作的，即智能的:
adj. 装置（尤指武器、炸弹等）由电脑控制，因此能智能化操作的，即智能的:
smart |[smɑːt]
You look very smart in that suit. 你穿上这套衣服显得很精神。
They were wearing their smartest clothes. 他们都穿了最讲究的衣服。
They are still smarting from the 4–0 defeat last week. 他们仍为上星期0:4惨败而难过。          
He was struck with a smart crack on the head. 他头上突然被猛击了一下。
We set off at a smart pace. 我们快步出发了。
She’s smarter than her brother. 她比她哥哥聪明。
That was a smart career move. 那是个人职业发展上的一着妙棋。
I admit it was not the smartest thing I ever did. 我承认那件事我办得很不漂亮。
Companies are getting smart about how they use corporate planes. 公司在使用自己的公务飞机方面变明智了。
His eyes were smarting from the smoke. 他被烟熏得两眼生疼。
smart restaurants 高档餐馆 
She mixes with the smart set. 她跟那帮时髦人物交往。
smart bomb 智能炸弹
smart bomb 智能炸弹 
smart washing machine 智能洗衣机

If something is gaudy, it is very brightly coloured and showy. 花哨的
gaudy |英 ['gɔːdɪ]  美 ['gɔdi]| adj. 华而不实的；俗丽的/n. 盛大宴会/n. (Gaudy)人名；(法)戈迪/
...her gaudy orange-and-purple floral hat.…她那花哨的、桔色紫色相间的花帽子。


vt. [常用被动式] [正式] ~ sth (to sth) 将（理论、想法等）运用到更广的群体或情况中:
vi. ~ (from sth) 概括；归纳:
vi. ~ (about sth) 笼统地讲；概括地谈论:
generalize |[ˈdʒenrəlaɪz]
These conclusions cannot be generalized to the whole country. 这些结论不可能推及全国。
A child first labels the household pet cat as a 'cat' and then generalizes this label to other animals that look like it. 孩子会先把家中的宠物猫称为“猫”，然后将其他像猫的动物都称为“猫”。
It would be foolish to generalize from a single example. 仅从一个事例进行归纳的做法是愚蠢的。
We cannot generalize from these few examples. 仅从这几个例子我们推断不出什么。
It's hard to generalize about Cole Porter because he wrote so many great songs that were so varied. 科尔·波特写了这么多风格迥异的优美歌曲，要对他进行概括并不是件容易的事。
It is dangerous to generalize about the poor. 对穷人一概而论是危险的。
'In my day, children were a lot better behaved'.-- 'It's not true, you're generalizing'. “我们那个时候，孩子们要比现在听话许多。”——“不一定，你只是在一概而论。” 
It is impossible to generalize about such a complicated subject. 对于如此复杂的一个问题不可能一概而论。

n. [C] 制作、修理木器的人，即木匠，木工:
carpenter |['kɑːpəntə]


adj. ~ (in sth)（人）诚实的、坦率的。相当于honest:
adj.（感情、信念或行为）真诚的、诚恳的、诚挚的。相当于genuine:
sincere |[sɪnˈsɪə(r);美-ˈsɪr]
He seemed sincere enough when he said he wanted to help. 他表示愿意帮忙，样子很真诚。
She is never completely sincere in what she says about people. 她谈论别人，一向不尽坦诚。
a sincere attempt to resolve the problem 解决这一问题的认真尝试 
sincere regret 真诚的悔恨 
Please accept our sincere thanks. 请接受我们诚挚的谢意。
He accepted her apologies as sincere. 他接受了她真诚的道歉。
He's sincere in his views. 他的观点很诚恳。
the warm, deeply sincere note in her voice 她语气里的热情和真诚 
Her protests seemed sincere enough. 她的抗议似乎是出自内心的。
We offer our most sincere apologies. 我们致以最诚挚的歉意。
painfully sincere declarations of love 非常真诚的爱情宣言 
his refusal to be sincere about his feelings 他不愿诚实面对自己的感情 
Have they been sincere in their efforts to resolve the crisis? 他们是诚心诚意尽了全力来解决危机吗?

n. [C]（也可用glimmering）微弱的迹象、一丝、一线:
vi. 发出微弱的闪光:
n. [C] 微弱的闪烁的光:
glimmer |[ˈglɪmə(r)]
Despite an occasional glimmer of hope, this campaign has not produced any results. 虽然偶尔会闪现一丝希望，但是这场宣传活动目前并无任何效果。
He is celebrating his first glimmer of success. 他正为看到一线成功的曙光而欢欣鼓舞。
I caught the glimmer of a smile in his eyes. 我看到他眼里闪现出一丝笑意。
The faint glimmer of an idea had crept into his mind. 一个想法在他的脑海中隐约闪现。
The moon glimmered faintly through the mists. 月亮透过薄雾洒下微光。
the glimmering ocean 波光粼粼的大海 
The candles glimmered in the corner. 烛光在角落里忽明忽暗地闪烁。
Amusement glimmered in his eyes.（比喻用法）他眼里隐约露出愉悦的神情。
We could see a glimmer of light on the far shore. 我们可以看到对岸微微闪烁的灯光。
In the east there is the slightest glimmer of light. 东方闪现出一丝微光。
In the east we could see the first faint glimmer of dawn. 我们可以看到东方的第一缕曙光。

When soldiers muster or are mustered, they gather together in one place in order to take part in a military action. 召集; (军队等) 集合
If you muster something such as support, strength, or energy, you gather as much of it as you can in order to do something. 聚集 (支持、力量、精力等)
muster |英 ['mʌstə]  美 ['mʌstɚ]| vt. 召集；对…进行点名；使振作/n. 集合；检阅；点名册；集合人员/vi. 召集；聚集/n. (Muster)人名；(德、罗)穆斯特尔；(英)马斯特/
The men mustered before their clan chiefs.男人们在他们的氏族首领前集合。
He travelled around West Africa trying to muster support for his movement.他走遍西非，努力为他的运动寻求支持。


n. [C] [生物学] 基因:
gene |[dʒi:n]
dominant, recessive gene 显性基因；隐性基因 
abnormal, defective, mutant gene 畸形基因；有缺陷的基因；突变的基因 
human gene 人类基因 
people who carry the gene that causes this disease 携带这种致病基因的人 
The gene is passed on to their children. 这种基因遗传给了他们的孩子。
We may be able to identify the genes responsible for disease resistance. 我们也许能识别出抗病基因。
Genes control the development of an embryo. 基因控制胚胎发育。
A gene pool of at least 300 animals is necessary to maintain a healthy tiger population. 需要一个至少有300头动物的基因库才能维持一个健康的老虎种群。
gene defect, gene mutation 基因缺陷；基因突变 
Gene mutations are alterations in the DNA code. 基因突变是指DNA密码的改变。
gene sequence 基因序列 
gene therapy 基因疗法 
An individual may pass on to future generations its genes for tallness. 一个人身高的基因可能会遗传给其后代。
genes that code for the colour of the eyes 为眼睛的颜色编码的基因

You can use devastating to emphasize that something or someone is very impressive. 给人印象深刻的
You can use devastating to emphasize that something is very shocking, upsetting, or terrible. 令人震惊的
If you describe something as devastating, you are emphasizing that it is very harmful or damaging. 破坏性极强的
devastating |英/美 ['devəsteitiŋ]| adj. 毁灭性的；全然的/v. 摧毁（devastate的ing形式）；毁坏/
He returned to his best with a devastating display of galloping and jumping.他骑马飞驰和跳跃的精彩展示，说明他恢复到了最佳状态。
The diagnosis was devastating. She had cancer.诊断结果令人震惊。她得了癌症。
Affairs do have a devastating effect on marriages.外遇着实对婚姻有极具破坏性的影响。


vt.&vi. 官方裁定、判决、颁布:
n. [C, U] 统治者或政府签发的法令、政令:
n. [C] 法院的裁定、判决:
vt.&vi. 法庭裁定、判决:
decree |[dɪˈkri:]
The government decreed a state of emergency. 政府下令进入紧急状态。
It was decreed that the following day would be a holiday. 法令宣布第二天为休假日。
The UN Security Council has decreed that the election must be held by May. 联合国安理会已通过决议，规定选举必须在5月前举行。
The king decreed a general amnesty. 国王颁布了大赦令。
divine, papal, presidential, religious, royal decree 神圣的法令；教皇令；总统令；教令；敕令 
government decree 政府法令 
a decree on property rights 一项关于财产权的法令 
The president issued a decree prohibiting trade unions. 总统颁布了禁止成立工会的命令。
He has been governing by emergency decree under the provisions of the constitution. 他一直以来按照宪法规定凭借紧急法令施以管理。
Local inspectors helped enforce presidential decrees. 当地检查员协助执行总统令。
demonstrators defied the decree and gathered in the square 蔑视法令，公然在广场聚集的示威者 
The general will rule by decree until a general election. 在大选之前这位将军将通过发布政令管理国家。
In an emergency decree, the government banned all rallies. 政府颁布紧急法令，禁止一切集会活动。
In July he issued a decree ordering all unofficial armed groups in the country to disband. 他于 7 月份下令解散国内所有的非正式武装组织。
He is prepared to use his recently-acquired powers to introduce reform by presidential decree. 他准备行使其新近获得的权力，发布总统政令以推行改革。
court decrees 法庭的裁决 
divorce decree 离婚判决 
It was decreed that the following day would be a holiday. 法令宣布第二天为休假日。

n.  [C] [正式] 某事物的大量储备（以供使用）:
n. [C]（天然或人工的）水库、蓄水池:
n.  [C] [正式] 某事物的大量储备（以供使用）:
n. [C] [术语] 引擎或机器中的储液器:
reservoir |[ˈrezəvwɑ:(r);美ˈrezərv-]
the huge oil reservoir beneath the Kuwaiti desert 科威特沙漠下面巨大的石油储藏 
to tap into the vast reservoir of information available on the Internet 开发利用互联网上丰富的信息储备 
the body's short-term reservoir of energy 身体的短期能量储备
natural reservoir 天然蓄水池 
artificial, man-made reservoir 人工蓄水池；人造蓄水池 
underground reservoir 地下蓄水池 
water reservoir 蓄水池 
large reservoir 大型水库
the huge oil reservoir beneath the Kuwaiti desert 科威特沙漠下面巨大的石油储藏 
to tap into the vast reservoir of information available on the Internet 开发利用互联网上丰富的信息储备 
the body's short-term reservoir of energy 身体的短期能量储备

vt. [正式] 冒着…的危险，危及，危害（一种情况或活动）:
jeopardize |[ˈdʒepədaɪz;美-pərd-]
He would never do anything to jeopardize his career. 他决不会做任何有损于他职业生涯的事。
He has jeopardized the future of his government. 他的行为已经危及到他这届政府的未来。
This scandal could seriously jeopardize his chances of being re-elected. 这桩丑闻可能会严重妨碍他再次当选。
The talks may still be jeopardized by disputes. 会谈仍有可能因存在争端而破裂。
Any delays could potentially jeopardize the company's ability to do business. 任何延误都可能损害公司的经营能力。

sterilization 绝育手术
If a person or an animal is sterilized, they have a medical operation that makes it impossible for them to have or produce babies. 给…做绝育手术
sterilization 消毒
If you sterilize a thing or a place, you make it completely clean and free from germs. 给…消毒
sterilize |英/美 ['stɛrəlaɪz]| vt. 消毒，杀菌；使成不毛；使绝育；使不起作用/
In some cases, a sterilization is performed through the vaginal wall.在有些情况下，绝育手术是穿过阴道壁进行的。
My wife was sterilized after the birth of her fourth child.我妻子在生了第4个孩子后，做了绝育手术。
...the pasteurization and sterilization of milk.…牛奶的巴氏消毒和灭菌处理。
Sulphur is also used to sterilize equipment.硫磺也用来给设备消毒。


n. [C] [英]（英美也可用deadbolt）需用钥匙来开或关的门锁:
n. [sing, U] 僵持、僵局、相持不下（一般在deadlock前面不加a为英式用法，加a为美式用法）:
deadlock |[ˈdedlɒk;美-lɑ:k]
political deadlock 政治僵局 
The two were in deadlock.（英）两人处于僵持状态。
The two were in a deadlock.（美）两人相持不下。
the deadlock between striking workers and their employer 罢工工人和雇主之间的僵持局面 
The summit called for an end to the deadlock in the peace talks. 峰会呼吁结束和谈僵局。
an attempt to break the deadlock over the issue of pay 打破薪资问题僵局的努力 
The negotiations ended in（a）deadlock.（不加a为英式用法，加a为美式用法）谈判最后陷入僵局。
European agriculture ministers failed to break the deadlock over farm subsidies. 欧洲各国农业部长在农业补贴问题上未能打破僵局。
They called for a compromise on all sides to break the deadlock in the world trade talks. 他们呼吁各方作出让步以打破世界贸易谈判中的僵局。
Peace talks between the two sides ended in deadlock last month. 双方上个月的和平谈判陷入了僵局。
The strike appeared to have reached deadlock.（英）罢工好像已陷入僵局。
The strike has reached a deadlock.（美）罢工已陷入僵局。
