vow				对...立誓，誓言
vows				誓约
gist				主旨
specific							详细的，特有的
candidate								候选人
magistrate		地方执法官
accessory					附件，装饰品，从犯
submarine				潜艇，海底的
thermal			热的，保暖的
thermals			保暖内衣
indelible		不褪色的，无法忘记的
protract			拖延
quit							停止，辞去，退出
ramble			漫步，漫游，漫谈，蔓生
lash				睫毛，鞭打，猛击，捆牢
pottery			陶器
prosecute				起诉，继续进行
aggravate					使恶化，惹恼
mediate			调解
conscience						良心，内疚
scenery						风景
chronic								慢性的
sustain						维持，支撑，遭受，认可
stuff						东西，私人物品，事儿，作品，要素，装满
site							地点，营地，现场，选址
veteran						老兵
accompany							陪同，伴随，伴奏
pace								一步，速度，节奏，踱步
annual							每年的
cosmic			宇宙的
majestic			雄伟的，壮观的，庄严的
give							给，产生，介绍
\\\\\\\\

vt.&vi. 发誓:
n. [C]（尤指宗教的）誓言、誓约:
vow |[vaʊ]
She vowed never to speak to him again. 她发誓再也不和他说话了。
He vowed (that) he had not hurt her. 他起誓他没有伤害过她。
He silently vowed vengeance on them all. 他暗暗发誓要报复他们所有的人。
to vow revenge against sb, to vow revenge on sb 发誓向某人报仇 
She vowed to herself that she would not show any emotion. 她暗自发誓一定要不动声色。
I vowed never to drink so much again. 我发誓再也不喝这么多酒了。
They vowed eternal friendship. 他们立誓要友谊长存。
While many models vow to go back to college, few do. 很多模特发誓要重回大学校园，但很少有人做到。
I solemnly vowed that someday I would return to live in Europe. 我郑重发誓，总有一天我将回到欧洲生活。
solemn vow 庄严的誓约 
marriage, wedding vow 婚姻誓言；结婚誓言 
monastic, religious, sacred vow 修道圣愿；宗教誓言；圣愿 
She decided to leave the convent before taking her final vows. 她在发终身愿前决定离开修道院。
He made a vow to avenge his father's death. 他发誓要为死去的父亲报仇。
She kept her vow of silence until she died. 她履行了诺言，至死保守秘密。
Nothing will persuade me to break this vow. 无论什么都不会让我违反此誓言。
The couple exchanged vows at the altar. 夫妇在圣坛前盟誓成婚。
a vow of poverty（神职人员的）贫穷誓言 
He took a lifelong vow of celibacy. 他发誓终生独身。
a vow of chastity 忠贞誓言
to break your marriage vows 背弃婚姻誓约 
I made a silent vow to be more careful in the future. 我暗暗发誓，日后要倍加小心。
I had to admire David's vow that he would leave the programme. 戴维发誓要离开这个项目，我不得不对他表示钦佩。

Vows are a particular set of serious promises, such as the promises two people make when they are getting married. 誓约
A vow is a serious promise or decision to do a particular thing. 誓言
If you vow to do something, you make a serious promise or decision that you will do it. 发誓
vows |英/美 [vau]| n. 婚誓；誓约（vow的复数）/v. 发誓；郑重声明（vow的三单形式）/
I took my marriage vows and kept them.我结婚时立下了誓言而且一直信守诺言。
I made a silent vow to be more careful in the future.我默默发誓今后要更加小心。
I solemnly vowed that someday I would return to live in Europe.我郑重起誓总有一天我要重回欧洲生活。
While many models vow to go back to college, few do.很多模特儿发誓要重返大学，但几乎无人做到。


n. [sing.]（通常用the gist ~ (of sth)（文章、讲话或交谈的）要点、主旨、大意:
gist |[dʒɪst]
general gist 主旨；大意 
It is difficult to convey the gist of Reich's ideas simply. 很难将赖克的思想要旨简单地表述出来。
I could follow the general gist of their conversation. 我能听懂他们谈话的大体意思。
to get (= understand) the gist of an argument 理解辩论的主旨 
He related the gist of his conversation to Naseby. 他将他谈话的要点告诉了纳斯比。
I missed the beginning of the lecture--can you give me the gist of what he said? 我未听到讲座的开头——给我讲讲他说话的要点好吗？
I'm afraid I don't quite follow your gist (= what you really mean). 对不起，我还不太明白你的意思。

adj. [正式] specific to sth 只存在于一个地方，或只限定在同一事物上的，即特有的，独特的，相当于peculiar:
adj. 1 详细且准确的，可称为明确具体的，相当于precise:
2 常用于名词前，只与一个特定的事物有关的，即特定的，相当于particular:
specific |[spə'sɪfɪk]
a belief that is specific to this part of Africa 非洲这一地区特有的一种观念 
These heart issues are specific to women. 这些心脏问题是妇女独有的。
specific instructions 明确的指示 
‘I’d like your help tomorrow.’ ‘Can you be more specific?’ “我想让你明天来帮帮我。”“你能不能说得具体些？”
She was very specific about the type she wanted. 她对自己想要的类型十分明确。
children’s television programmes aimed at a specific age group 针对特定年龄段的少儿电视节目 
The money was collected for a specific purpose. 这笔钱是为一个特定用途而收取的。
children with specific learning difficulties (= in one area only) 某一方面有学习困难的儿童 
These values are culturally specific, not naturally given. 这些价值观具有文化特征，并非天然形成。

n. 1 [C] candidate (for sth) 求职的申请者:
2 [C] candidate (for sth) 被认为适合于某一目的的一个人或事物，很有可能得到（或成为）…的一个人或事物:
n. 1 [C] candidate (for sth) 学校或学位的申请者:
2 [C]（英式英语）一个参加考试的人:
n. [C] candidate (for sth) 参选的候选人:
n. 1 [C] candidate (for sth) 参选的候选人，或求职的申请者:
2 [C]（英式英语）一个参加考试的人:
3 [C] candidate (for sth) 被认为适合于某一目的的一个人或事物，很有可能得到（或成为）…的一个人或事物:
candidate |['kændɪdeɪt]['kændɪdeɪt]
There were a large number of candidates for the job. 有许多求职者申请这份工作。
She’s a likely candidate for promotion. 她很可能得到晋升。
doctoral candidate（美）博士生 
a candidate for the degree of MPhil 攻读哲学硕士学位者
congressional, parliamentary, presidential candidate 国会议员候选人；议会候选人；总统候选人 
Democratic candidate 民主党候选人 
to stand as a candidate（英）作为候选人
presidential candidate 总统候选人 
Democratic candidate 民主党候选人 
candidates for the job 这份工作的求职者 
doctoral candidate（美）博士生 
a candidate for the degree of MPhil 攻读哲学硕士学位者 
Our team is a prime candidate for relegation this year. 今年我们队最有可能降级。
She’s a likely candidate for promotion. 她很可能得到晋升。
a candidate for a heart attack 容易患心脏病的人 
This is a prime candidate for best movie of the year. 这部电影很有可能成为年度最佳影片。

n. [C] 最低等级的法院中（处理轻罪或纠纷的）的法官:
magistrate |[ˈmædʒɪstreɪt]
examining（英）, investigating, licensing（英）地方预审法官；负责发放许可证的地方行政官 
chief, senior（英）magistrate 首席地方行政官；高级地方行政官 
presiding magistrate（英）主审裁判官 
city（英）, county, district（尤英）, federal, local, town（尤英）magistrate 城市治安官；郡县治安官；地区行政长官；联邦治安法官；地方治安法官；城镇治安推事 
stipendiary magistrate（英）领薪治安官 
to come up before the magistrates 在地方法院出庭 
He is due to appear before magistrates on a charge of assault. 他被控袭击他人，将在地方治安法庭出庭。
The man had a history of violence, magistrates heard yesterday.（hear为英式用法） 地方治安法官昨天开庭，从审理中得知这名男子有施暴案底。
The magistrate ruled that there wasn't enough evidence. 地方治安法官裁定证据不足。
Magistrates banned him from driving for thirty days. 地方治安法官判令他三十天禁止驾驶。
Magistrates imposed an Anti-Social Behaviour Order.（impose为英式用法）地方治安法官强制执行了一项《反社会行为令》。
A magistrate ordered that they return to the UK. 地方治安法官判今他们返回英国。
Magistrates granted the application for a drinks licence. 地方治安法官批准了卖酒许可申请。
Magistrates adjourned the case until June 9.（adjourn为英式用法）地方治安法官将案子延至6月9日审理。
Magistrates sitting in And-over imposed a three-year sentence.（sit为英式用法）在安多弗任职的地方治安法官强制执行了三年刑期。
magistrate judge（美）地方治安法官 
magistrates' court（英国的）地方治安法庭

adj. [术语] 辅助的、次要的，如副的:
n. [usually pl.] 穿着的或携带的配饰（用以和衣服搭配），如皮带、围巾、包等:
n. [usually pl.] 机器设备等的附件、配件；起装饰作用的附属物:
n. [C] [法律] ~ (to sth) 罪犯的从犯、同谋、帮凶:
accessory |[əkˈsesəri]
the accessory muscles of respiration 副呼吸肌 
Forster established the essentiality of minerals as accessory food factors required for maintaining life. 福斯特证实了矿物质作为辅助食物因子在维持生命方面的重要性。
optional accessory 自选配件 
fashionable, stylish accessory 时尚饰品；时髦的饰品 
This silk scarf is the perfect accessory for stylish summer evenings. 这条丝巾是时尚夏夜的理想配饰。
fashion, hair accessory 时装饰品；发饰 
travel accessory 旅游时的附带用品
essential, must-have accessory 必不可少的附件；必备的配件 
car accessory 汽车配件 
bicycle accessories 自行车附件 
a range of furnishings and accessories for the home 各种各样的家居装饰物及配件 
an exclusive range of hand-made bedroom and bathroom accessories 独家经营的一系列手工卧室和浴室配件
He was charged with being an accessory to murder. 他被控为谋杀罪的从犯。
She was charged with being an accessory to the embezzlement of funds. 她被指控为这起挪用公款案的从犯。
an accessory before/after the fact(= a person who knows about a crime before/after it was committed and protects the criminal）（法律）事前/事后从犯 
If you were tying to the police, then you have been an accessory after the fact for all these years. 你若对警察撒了谎，那么你这些年来就一直在犯事后包庇罪。

n. [C]（缩略形式为sub）（也可用submarine sandwich, hero）[均美]（用长卷面包纵向切开，内夹各种食物的）长卷三明治、潜艇三明治:
adj. [只用于名词前] [术语] 位于水下的:
n. [C]（缩略形式为sub）潜艇:
submarine |[ˌsʌbməˈri:n;ˈsʌbməri:n]
submarine caves 海底洞穴 
submarine plants 海底植物 
submarine cables 海底电缆
conventional submarine 常规潜艇 
nuclear, nuclear-powered submarine 核潜艇；核动力潜艇 
midget, miniature 小型潜艇；微型潜艇 
enemy submarine 敌方潜艇 
the problem of submarines operating too close to fishing vessels 潜艇活动过于靠近渔船的问题 
attack submarines equipped with advanced anti-ship weapons 配有先进反舰武器的进攻性潜艇 submarines carrying nuclear warheads 携带核弹头的潜艇 
submarine captain, submarine commander, submarine crew 潜艇舰长；潜艇指挥官；潜艇官兵 
submarine base，submarine fleet潜艇基地；潜艇舰队 
submarine attack, submarine warfare潜艇攻击；潜艇战

adj. 1 [只用于名词前]（衣服）保暖的:
2 [只用于名词前]（溪水、湖泊等）由地球天然加热的:
n. [pl.] [尤英] thermals可指保暖内衣裤:
adj. [只用于名词前] [术语] 热的、热量的:
n. [C]（滑翔机、鸟类等获得上升高度所用的）上升的热气流:
thermal |[ˈθɜ:ml;美ˈθɜ:rml]
thermal underwear, thermal vest 保暖内衣裤；保暖背心 
My feet were like blocks of ice despite the thermal socks. 虽然穿了保暖袜子，我的双脚还是像冰块一样。
I put on my thermal leggings, long socks and the rest of my clothes. 我穿上保暖紧身裤、长袜和其他衣服。
Volcanic activity has created thermal springs and boiling mud pools. 火山活动产生了温泉和沸腾的泥浆池。
thermal energy 热能 
thermal radiation 热辐射 
thermal power stations 热电厂 
financial assistance with repair, thermal insulation and improvements to homes through Government grants 政府拨款供修缮、隔热和房屋改造之用的经济援助 
Birds use thermals to lift them through the air. 鸟类利用上升热气流升入空中。           

A thermal is a movement of rising warm air. 上升的暖气流
Thermals are thermal clothes. 保暖衣
Thermal clothes are specially designed to keep you warm in cold weather. 保暖的 (衣服)
Thermal streams or baths contain water which is naturally hot or warm. 天然温热的
Thermal means relating to or caused by heat or by changes in temperature. 热的; 由热引起的; 由温度变化引起的
thermals |英/美 ['θə:məlz]| n. 热裂法炭黑；保暖内衣裤；上升暖气流 （thermal的复数）/
Birds use thermals to lift them through the air.鸟类利用上升的暖气流升空。
Have you got your thermals on?你穿上保暖衣了吗？
My feet were like blocks of ice despite the thermal socks.我的双脚尽管穿着保暖袜，还是像冰块。
...thermal underwear.…保暖内衣
Volcanic activity has created thermal springs and boiling mud pools.火山活动产生了温泉和沸腾的泥浆池。
...thermal power stations.…热电站。


Indelible ink or an indelible stain cannot be removed or washed out. (污渍)洗不掉的
indelibly
If you say that something leaves an indelible impression, you mean that it is very unlikely to be forgotten. 难忘的
indelible |英 [ɪn'delɪb(ə)l]  美 [ɪn'dɛləbl]| adj. 难忘的；擦不掉的/
The message was written in indelible ink.这条信息是用不褪色的墨水写的。
It leaves indelible stains on clothes.它会在衣物上留下洗不掉的污渍。
The horrors he experienced are imprinted, perhaps indelibly, in his brain.他经历的恐怖事件在他脑海中刻下了深深的，也许是难以磨灭的印记。
My visit to India in 1986 left an indelible impression on me.1986年的印度之行给我留下了难忘的印象。



protract |英 [prəˈtrækt]  美 [proʊˈtrækt]| v. 延长；绘制；伸展（身体部位）/



vt.＆vi. [非正式] quit (as sth) 离开（工作岗位、学校等）:
vt.＆vi. [尤美，非正式] 停止做某事:
vt.＆vi. 离开你所居住的那个地方，即迁出、搬离:
vt.＆vi. [非正式] quit (as sth) 退出某项活动:
vt.＆vi. 退出一个计算机程序（或退出一个应用程序）。不过不如exit常用:
quit |[kwɪt]
to quit over pay 因为薪资问题而辞职 
He has decided to quit as manager of the team. 他已决定辞掉球队教练的职务。
I’ve quit smoking. 我戒了烟。
We only just started. We’re not going to quit now. 我们才刚刚开始，现在决不放弃。
I thought about working part-time, or quitting altogether. 我想过从事兼职工作，或干脆什么也不干了。
to quit the city 离开这座城市 
The landlord gave them all notice to quit. 房东通知他们都搬出去。
He quit the show last year because of bad health. 去年他因身体欠佳而退出了表演。

vi.（植物）朝着很多方向蔓生、攀附生长:
vi. ~ (on) (about sb/sth) 漫谈，尤指长时间东拉西扯:
n. [C] 东拉西扯的长篇大论:
vi. [尤英] 愉快地行走，即漫步，尤指在乡间漫步、漫游:
n. [C] [尤英] 漫步、散步、漫游:
ramble |[ˈræmbl]
Climbing plants rambled over the front of the house. 攀缘植物贴着房子正面的墙到处长。
He had lost track of what he was saying and began to ramble. 他忘了自己的话题，便开始瞎扯起来。
What is she rambling on about now? 她现在又在东拉西扯些什么呀？
Sometimes she spoke sensibly; sometimes she rambled. 有时她讲话很有条理，有时则讲得漫无边际。
It would have been best written in a more concise way as it does tend to ramble. 它的行文确实有些信马由缰，要是简洁一些就好了。
She went into a long ramble about the evils of television. 她开始东拉西扯地大谈电视的弊端。
We spent the summer rambling in Ireland. 我们花了一个夏天漫游爱尔兰。
freedom to ramble across the moors 在荒野里漫步的自由 
country, nature ramble 乡间漫步；大自然中的漫步 
We went for a ramble over the moors. 我们去荒野漫步。
to go for a ramble in the country 去乡间散步 
an hour's ramble through the woods 一个小时的林间漫步 
The family made the amazing find while on a nature ramble in the woods. 这家人在树林里漫步时有了那个惊奇的发现。

vt. 非常愤怒地批评某人或某事物，即怒斥:
vt. 用绳子将某事物紧紧地系在别的事物上面，如把…捆扎在一起:
vt.&vi.（使）某事物（如尾巴）迅猛地左右摆动或甩动:
vt.&vi.（风、雨、水）猛抽、狠狠击打某人或某事物:
n. [C, usually pl.] 睫毛，相当于eyelash:
n. [C] 鞭子的末端皮条，即鞭梢:
vt.（用鞭子、绳子、棍子等）抽打一个人或动物:
n. [C] 鞭打、抽打（作为一种惩罚而对背部进行的抽打）:
lash |[læʃ]
She went quiet for a moment while she summoned up the words to lash him. 她沉默片刻，寻思着抨击他的话语。
The report lashes into police commanders for failing to act on intelligence information. 该报告严斥警局指挥官没有根据情报采取行动。            
Several logs had been lashed together to make a raft. 几根原木捆扎在一起做成了木筏。
During the storm everything on deck had to be lashed down. 暴风雨中甲板上所有的东西都必须系牢。
Secure the anchor by lashing it to the rail. 把锚系到栏杆上拴牢。
The shelter is built by lashing poles together to form a small dome. 把杆子扎成一个穹顶小棚就成了遮蔽所。          
The crocodile's tail was lashing furiously from side to side. 鳄鱼的尾巴在急速地左右甩动。
When in danger, the anteater lashes its tail round a branch. 遇有危险，食蚁兽会迅速用尾巴卷住树枝。
They tried to get the harpoon into the ray before the sting tail came lashing over to retaliate. 他们试图把鱼叉刺进鳐鱼体内，以防它猛摆那蜇人的尾巴报复。           
The rain lashed at the windows. 雨点猛烈地打在窗户上。
Suddenly rain lashed against the windows. 蓦地，大雨猛烈地抽打在窗户上。
Huge waves lashed the shore. 巨浪拍打着海岸。
The worst winter storms of the century lashed the east coast of North America. 本世纪最恶劣的冬季暴风雪横扫北美东海岸。
her long dark lashes 她那长长的黑睫毛 
sombre grey eyes, with unusually long lashes 一双忧郁的灰眼睛，眼睫毛长得出奇 
Joanna studied him through her lashes. 乔安娜眯着眼睛打量他。
They snatched up whips and lashed the backs of those who had fallen. 他们抓起鞭子，朝跌倒的人背上抽去。
The villagers sentenced one man to five lashes for stealing a ham from his neighbor. 村民们裁定将一名偷邻居火腿的男子鞭打5下。

n. [U] 陶土:
n. [U]（尤指手工制作的）陶器:
n. [C] 制作陶器的一个地方:
n. [U] 制陶手艺、制陶技艺，即陶艺:
pottery |[ˈpɒtəri;美ˈpɑ:t-]
a jug made of blue-glazed pottery 一把蓝釉陶壶 
Some bowls were made of pottery and wood. 一些碗是用陶土和木头制成的。
a piece of pottery 一件陶制品 
Roman pottery 罗马时期的陶器 
shards of Iron Age pottery 铁器时代的陶器碎片 
the kilns in which the pottery is fired 烧制陶器的窑 
pottery kiln（尤英）陶窑
a pottery class 陶艺班

vt. [正式] 继续参与某事或继续做某事:
vt.&vi. ~ (sb) (for sth/doing sth) 正式起诉某人（某项罪行）:
vt.&vi. 担任控方律师:
prosecute |[ˈprɒsɪkju:t;美ˈprɑ:s-]
They had overwhelming public support to prosecute the war. 绝大多数民众支持他们继续进行这场战争。
The company was prosecuted for breaching the Health and Safety Act. 这家公司被控违反《卫生安全条例》。
Trespassers will be prosecuted (= a notice telling people to keep out of a particular area). 闲人莫入，违者必究。
The police decided not to prosecute. 警方决定不予起诉。
The police have decided not to prosecute because the evidence is not strong enough. 由于证据不足，警方已决定不起诉。
Photographs taken by roadside cameras will soon be enough to prosecute drivers for speeding. 路边电子眼拍下的照片很快将足以起诉超速的司机。
prosecuting counsel, prosecuting lawyer, prosecuting attorney 原告律师 
James Spencer, prosecuting, claimed that the witness was lying. 原告律师詹姆斯·斯潘塞指称证人在撒谎。
The attorney who will prosecute the case says he cannot reveal how much money is involved. 将对此案提起公诉的律师说他不能透露具体的涉案金额。

vt. [非正式]（尤指故意地）激怒某人:
vt. 使（疾病或糟糕的形势）恶化、加重:
aggravate |[ˈægrəveɪt]
What aggravates you most about this country? 该国的哪一点让你最恼火？
Pollution can aggravate asthma. 污染会使气喘加重。
Their negative reactions have greatly aggravated the situation.他们的消极反应使形势严重恶化。
Stress and lack of sleep can aggravate the situation. 压力和睡眠不足会使情况恶化。
He would only aggravate the injury by rubbing it. 他揉擦伤口只会使伤势加重。
Military intervention will only aggravate the conflict even further. 军事介入只会使冲突加剧。

~ (between A and B)（在两者或多者之间）调解、调停、斡旋:
vt. 为存在分歧的各方找到解决方法:
vt. [正式，或术语] [常用被动式] 影响…的发生；使…可能发生:
vt. [正式，或术语] 调节（某个过程）:
mediate |[ˈmi:dieɪt]
vt.&vi. ~ (in sth) 
The Secretary-General was asked to mediate in the dispute. 有人请秘书长来调解这次争端。
An independent body was brought in to mediate between staff and management. 由一个独立机构介入，在劳资之间进行调解。
to mediate differences, to mediate problems 调解分歧；调解问题 
My mom was the one who mediated between Zelda and her mom. 我妈妈充当了泽尔达和她妈妈之间的调解人。
United Nations officials have mediated a series of peace meetings between the two sides. 联合国官员已经促成了双方的一系列和平会谈。
They mediated a settlement. 他们找到了一个解决方案。
Educational success is mediated by economic factors. 经济因素影响着教育的成功。
People's responses to us have been mediated by their past experience of life. 人们对我们作出的反应受到了他们过去生活经历的影响。
the thymus, the organ which mediates the response of the white blood cells 胸腺——调节白血球的反应的器官

n. [U, C] 对自己所做过（或未曾做过）的某事所怀有的一种内疚感:
n. 1 [C, U] 内心的一部分，负责对行为之正误进行判断，即良心，良知:
2 [U]（做事）凭良心（即使这可能会引起一些问题）:
conscience |['kɒnʃəns]
I have a terrible conscience about it. 我对此事深感愧疚。
He had no conscience about taking his brother’s money. 他对拿哥哥的钱一点儿也不觉得内疚。
I have a clear conscience. 我问心无愧。
to have a guilty conscience 问心有愧 
individual conscience 个人良知 
moral, social conscience 道德良知；社会良知 
consumers with an environmental conscience 有环境意识的消费者 
to followe my conscience 凭我的良心行事 
to examine your conscience 扪心自省 
a man of conscience 一个有良知的人 
freedom of conscience 凭良心行事的自由 
Jane is the voice of conscience in the play. 简在这部戏中是良知的代言人。

n. [U]（所欣赏的）自然风光，风景，景色（如大地、山川、植被等）。与view词义近似，不过view为可数名词（表示一个具体的地点），而scenery是一个不可数名词（表示一种抽象的、概括性的概念）:
n. [U]（剧院舞台后部的）布景（如布景框架和布景画）。与set词义相近，但set此时为可数名词:
scenery |['si:nərɪ]
the mountains’ spectacular scenery 壮美的高山 
passing scenery 沿途风光 
coastal, mountain, natural scenery 海滨风光；山区风光；自然风光 
We stopped to admire the beauty of the scenery around us. 我们停下来欣赏周围的美景。
to set up scenery 搭建布景 
That table is part of the scenery for Act 2. 那张桌子是第二幕剧中的道具。

adj. 1（某人的坏习惯或行为）积习难改的、难以根除的:
2（局势或问题）长期存在的、难以根除的:
adj. 1（疾病）长期的、难以治愈的，即慢性的:
2 长期患病的:
adj. [英，非正式] 糟透的:
chronic |[ˈkrɒnɪk;美ˈkrɑ:n-]
Anyone who does not believe that smoking is an addiction has never been a chronic smoker. 不相信抽烟能上瘾的人肯定不是老烟民。
a chronic worrier 总是忧心忡忡的人 
the country's chronic unemployment problem 该国长期存在的失业问题 
a chronic shortage of housing in rural areas 农村地区住房的长期匮乏 
There is a chronic shortage of patrol cars in this police district. 这个治安辖区严重缺乏巡逻车辆。
One cause of the artist's suicide seems to have been chronic poverty. 那位艺术家自杀的一个原因似乎是极端贫困。
chronic bronchitis, chronic arthritis, chronic asthma 慢性支气管炎；慢性关节炎；慢性哮喘 
chronic back pain 慢性背痛 
chronic alcoholic, chronic depressive 慢性酒精中毒者；长期抑郁症患者
The film was just chronic. 这部电影简直糟透了。

vt. [正式] 遭受坏事:
vt. 支持:
vt. 提供证据以支持一个观点、理论等:
vt. [法律] 认可、支持:
vt. [正式] 支撑一个重量（而不碎裂或掉落）:
vt.（提供足够的…以）维持生命或存在:
vt. 使稳定持续（而不减少）:
sustain |[səˈsteɪn]
A seventeen-year-old tourist died late last night of injuries sustained in yesterday's bomb blast. 一位 17 岁的游客在昨天的炸弹爆炸中受伤并于当天深夜身亡。
Every aircraft in there has sustained some damage. 那里的每架飞机都受到了一些损坏。
to sustain a defeat 遭到失败 
The company sustained losses of millions of dollars. 公司遭受了数百万元的巨大损失。
The love and support of his family sustained him during his time in prison. 家人的关爱和支持帮助他度过了狱中的岁月。
I am sustained by letters of support and what people say to me in ordinary daily life. 这些支持的信件和人们每天对我的鼓励一直支撑着我。
The evidence is not detailed enough to sustain his argument. 这一证据过于笼统，不足以证明他的论点。
The court sustained his claim that the contract was illegal. 法庭支持他的观点，认定该合同不合法。
Objection sustained! (= said by a judge when a lawyer makes an objection in court) 反对成立！           
The ice will not sustain your weight. 这冰承受不了你的体重。           
Which planets can sustain life? 哪些行星可以维持生命的存在？
The parameters within which life can be sustained on Earth are extraordinarily narrow. 地球上生命可以存活下来的地域范围是非常狭小的。
The soil was so badly eroded it could no longer sustain crop production. 土壤侵蚀得厉害，不能再种庄稼了。
The cash dividends they get from the cash crop would sustain them during the lean season. 从经济作物中获得的收益能帮助他们度过不景气的时期。
a period of sustained economic growth 经济持续增长的时期 
a sustained attack 持续的攻击 
She managed to sustain everyone's interest until the end of her speech. 她使每个人兴趣盎然，一直听她把话讲完。
But he has sustained his fierce social conscience from young adulthood through old age. 而他从青年时期一直到老年都始终保持着强烈的社会良知。
This relationship would be very difficult to sustain. 这一关系会难以为继。

n. [非正式] 用于泛指人们所做、所说、所想等的事情:
vt. 用于名词前，以强调不在乎、不稀罕:
Ultimately my attitude was: stuff them. 我最终的态度是:
~ B (in, into, under, etc. A) 用…装满一个空间或容器:
vt. 把…快速而潦草地塞进一个小空间:
vt. 给蔬菜、鸡等填入另一种食材:
vt. [常用被动式] 把某种材料填入动物尸体，使其得以保存并保持原状:
~ your face [非正式]（使）吃得过饱:
n. [U] [非正式，有时贬] 用于指名称不详（或无关紧要、或明显知道自己在谈论）的一种物质、材料、一组物品等，如东西、玩意儿:
n. ~ (of sth) [正式或文学] 某事物的最重要的特征；基础、根本:
stuff |[stʌf]
I've got loads of stuff to do today. 我今天有好多事儿要做。
I like reading and stuff. 我喜欢看书什么的。
The band did some great stuff on their first album. 这支乐队首张专辑有几支很棒的曲子。
This is all good stuff. Well done! 这一切都不错，干得漂亮！
What's all this ‘Mrs Smith ’ stuff? Call me Anna. 哪来的什么“史密斯夫人”那一套？叫我安娜好了。
I don't believe in all that stuff about ghosts. 我不信什么鬼呀魂呀的。
Stuff your money. We don't want a handout. 收起你的钱，我们不需要施舍。           
vt. ~ A (with B) 
She had 500 envelopes to stuff with leaflets. 她得在500个信封里装上传单。
She had 500 leaflets to stuff into envelopes. 她得把500份传单装进信封里。
He grabbed my purse, opened it and stuffed it full, then gave it back to me. 他抢过我的钱包，打开并塞满钱，然后还给了我。
The police found the money that she'd stuffed down her dress. 警察发现了她塞到裙子下面的钱。
He hastily stuffed a few clothes into a bag. 他匆匆地把几件衣服塞进一个包里。
Her briefcase was stuffed full of papers. 她的公文包里塞满了文件。
She stuffed her case with presents for the kids. 她装满了一箱给孩子们的礼物。
The fridge is stuffed to bursting. 冰箱满得都快撑破了。
All the drawers were stuffed full of letters and papers. 所有抽屉里都放满了信函文件。
The room was stuffed to the gills with trophies. 房间里全都是奖杯。
He still stood behind his cash register stuffing his mouth with popcorn. 他仍站在收银机后，嘴里塞满了爆米花。
He had something stuffed up his nose. 有东西堵住了他的鼻子。
She stuffed the money under a cushion. 她把钱塞到软垫底下。
His hands were stuffed in his pockets. 他两手插在口袋里。
He stuffed the newspapers into a litter bin and headed down the street. 他把报纸塞进了垃圾箱，然后沿街往前走了。
stuffed peppers 酿柿子椒 
Will you stuff the turkey and shove it in the oven for me? 你能帮我给火鸡填上料然后放进烤箱里吗？
They had had their pet dog stuffed. 他们请人把他们的宠物狗制成了标本。
He didn't much care for the stuffed animal heads that hung on the walls. 他不是很喜欢墙上挂的那些动物头颅标本。
vt. ~ sb/yourself (with sth) 
He sat at the table stuffing himself. 他坐在桌前大吃大嚼。
He was stuffing his face full of chocolate. 他正大吃特吃巧克力。
Don't stuff the kids with chocolate before their dinner. 正餐前不要给孩子一个劲地吃巧克力。
The kids are stuffing themselves silly with ice cream. 孩子们正一个劲儿地吃冰激凌。
We stuffed our faces at the party. 我们在聚会时都吃撑了。
I could stuff myself with ten chocolate bars and half an hour later eat a big meal. 我可以一口气吃10块巧克力，半小时后再吃一顿大餐。
What's all that sticky stuff on the carpet? 地毯上那黏乎乎的都是什么玩意儿？
The chairs were covered in some sort of plastic stuff. 椅子都包了一种塑料膜。
This wine is good stuff. 这酒不错。
I don't know how you can eat that stuff!（贬）我不明白你怎么能吃那种东西！
They sell stationery and stuff (like that). 他们出售文具之类的东西。
Where's all my stuff (= my possessions)? 我那些东西都哪儿去了？
Could you move all that stuff off the table?（贬）请你把桌上那些玩意儿全都拿走好不好？
I'd like some coffee, and I don't object to the powdered stuff if it's all you've got. 我想来点咖啡，如果你只有速溶的那种也可以。
I don't know anything about this antique stuff. 我对于这种古玩物件一无所知。         
The trip was magical; the stuff of which dreams are made. 那是一次奇妙的旅行，宛如梦境。
Parades and marches were the very stuff of politics in the region. 游行示威是那一地区政治生活的基本内容。
Let's see what stuff you're made of (= what sort of person you are). 我们来看看你是怎样一个人。
The idea that we can be whatever we want has become the stuff of television commercials. 每个人皆无所不能，这一理念已经成为电视广告的精髓。

n. [C] [计算机] 网站、站点。相当于website:
vt. [常用被动式] 使…坐落在某地、为…选址:
n. 1 [C]（建筑物、城镇等的）地点、位置、建筑工地:
2 [C] 某事发生的地点，或有某种用途的地点:
site |[saɪt]
online dating sites 相亲网站 
official site 官方网站 
personal site 个人网站 
home site 主站点 
major news sites 主要新闻网站 
portal site 门户网站 
search site 搜索网站 
a music download site 音乐下载站点 
business, commercial, corporate, e-commerce site 企业网站；商业网站；公司网站；电子商务网站 
government site 政府网站 
auction, gambling, gaming, media, music, news, newspaper, review, shopping, travel site 拍卖网站；赌博网站；游戏网站；媒体网站；音乐网站；新闻网站；报纸网站；评论网站；购物网站；旅游网站 
site design 网站设计 
site content 网站内容 
site link 网站链接 
site administrator 网站管理员 
site visitor 网站访问者 
At this site you'll find all the latest news and gossip. 在这个网站你会找到所有最新的新闻和八卦消息。
The sofeware sell on the site for $30. 这个软件在网上售价30美元。
sites about Japan 关于日本的网站 
the most popular sites for children 最受儿童欢迎的网站 
I'm searching for sites on aromatherapy. 我正在搜索关于芳香疗法的网站。
There was a meeting to discuss the siting of the new school. 已开会讨论了新学校的选址。
The castle is magnificently sited high up on a cliff. 城堡坐落在高高的悬崖，十分壮观。
He said chemical weapons had never been sited in Germany. 他声称从未在德国部署过化学武器。
a damp, old castle, romantically sited on a river estuary 坐落在河湾之上的一座阴冷潮湿的古城堡，仿佛传奇中描述的一般
the site of a sixteenth century abbey 一座十六世纪的修道院的旧址 
the site of Moses' tomb 摩西的墓址 
the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem, which is regarded by some as Christianity's holiest site 耶路撒冷圣墓教堂——一些人眼中基督教最神圣的地方 
good, prime（尤英）site 好的地皮；黄金地段 
houses built on prime -sites with stunning views 在黄金地段上建造的风景迷人的房子 
some potential sites for the new business 新厂的几个备选地址 
building（尤英）, construction（尤美）, development（尤英）site 建筑工地；施工工地 
demolition site 拆除现场 
derelict site（英）废弃地块 
industrial, manufacturing site 工业用地；制造工厂 
commercial site 商业用地 
factory, hospital, school site（均尤英）厂址；医院院址；校址等面 
brownfield, greenfield（均英）site 棕色地带（待重新开发的城市用地）；绿色开发区（待开发的城市用地）
The site is designated for housing. 这块地定为房屋用地。
The council has earmarked the site for possible redevelopment. 委员会已经指定这一地块有可能重新进行开发。
A local company has recently acquired the site. 最近一家地方企业得到了这块地。
The hotel is in a prime site overlooking the sea. 宾馆俯瞰大海，地段绝佳。
Hard hats must be worn on site. 在工地上必须戴安全帽。
He was injured on a construction site. 他在建筑工地上受了伤。He became a hod carrier on a building site. 他在建筑工地上当起了小工。
A site has been chosen for the new school. 已为新学校选了校址。
All the materials are on site so that work can start immediately. 所有材料都已运抵工地，可以立即开工。
a bat sanctuary with special nesting sites 专门辟出了筑巢处的蝙蝠禁猎区 
ancient, archaeological, historic, historical, prehistoric site 古代遗址；考古现场；历史遗址；史前遗址 
holy, sacred site 神圣场所 
an extremely sensitive site of national importance 对国家至关重要、极为敏感的地点 
remote site 偏远的地方 
accident, bomb, crash, disaster site 事故现场；爆炸现场；坠机现场；灾难现场 
civic-amenity（英）, dump, landfill（英）, waste-disposal site 城市垃圾处理场；垃圾场；垃圾填埋场 
training site 训练场 
burial, grave site 墓地 
excavation site 发掘现场 
landing, launch site 着陆场；发射场 
the test site for the atom bomb 原子弹试验场 
camp site（通常用campsite）（英）露营地 
camping, caravan site（均英）野营地；旅行拖车停车场 
picnic site（尤英）野餐地 
allotment site（英）（城镇居民租用的）小块菜地 
dive, wreck site 潜水场地；沉船地点 
breeding, nest, nesting site 繁殖地；营巢地 
park-and-ride site（英）转乘停车场（供住在郊区的通勤者先自己驾车至此再换乘公共交通工具进城）
the site of the battle 战场 
Scientists have described the Aral sea as the site of the worst ecological disaster on earth. 科学家把咸海描述成地球上最严重的生态灾难发生地。
Plymouth Hoe is renowned as the site where Drake played bowls before tackling the Spanish Armada. 普利茅斯高地是德雷克在打败西班牙无敌舰队之前玩木球游戏的旧址，因此广为人知。

n. [C]（也可用美式非正式的vet）（尤指经历过战争的）老兵、老战士:
n. [C] 在某一领域经验极其丰富的一个人:
veteran |[ˈvetərən]
combat（尤美）, war veteran 经历过战争的老兵 
army, military, navy veteran 陆军老兵；退伍军人；海军老兵 
decorated veteran（尤美）佩戴勋章的老兵 
battle-hardened veteran 久经沙场的老兵 
retired veteran 退伍老兵 
disabled, wounded veteran 伤残的老兵；受伤的老兵 
returning veteran（尤美）返乡的老兵 
Vietnam, World War Two veteran 参加过越战的老兵；参加过二战的老兵 
Were veterans honoured and adequately rewarded for their sacrifice? 付出牺牲的老兵得到尊重和应有的回报了吗?
veterans who served in Vietnam 参加过越战的老兵 
Veterans returned to heroes' welcomes. 老兵回家时受到了英雄般的欢迎。
a veteran of World War Two 参加过二战的老兵 
They approved a $1.1 billion package of pay increases for the veterans of the Persian Gulf War. 他们通过了对参加过波斯湾战争的老兵增发共计11亿美元的一揽子提案。
He is now a grizzled veteran of TV shows. 他现在头发斑白，是位资深的电视节目主持人。
He's a seasoned veteran of the political establishment. 他是位经验丰富的政坛老手。
wily veteran 诡计多端的老手 
an eight-year veteran of the New York Yankees 在纽约扬基队打了八年球的老队员 
industry veteran 业界老手 
veteran campaigner, veteran leader, veteran politician 资深的活动家；经验丰富的领袖；资深政治人物 
veteran broadcaster, veteran reporter 资深播音员；资深记者 
veteran actor, veteran director 经验丰富的演员；资深导演 
veteran defender, veteran pitcher, veteran player, veteran quarterback 经验丰富的防守队员；经验丰富的投球手；经验丰富的球员；经验丰富的四分卫 
a veteran of numerous political campaigns 多次参加政治运动的老手 
the veteran British actor, Sir Richard Attenborough 英国资深演员理查德·阿滕伯勒爵士 
Tony Benn, the veteran Labour MP and former Cabinet minister 托尼·本，一位经验丰富的工党下院议员和前内阁部长

vt. 伴随其他事而发生（或出现）:
vt. 1 [正式] 与某人穿行（或与其一起去某地），即陪同:
2 伴随其他事而发生（或出现）:
vt. accompany sb (at/on sth)（当某人在唱歌或演奏主曲目的时候）为其伴奏（尤指用钢琴伴奏）。是此义的常规用词:
accompany |[ə'kʌmpənɪ]
strong winds accompanied by heavy rain 狂风夹着暴雨 
Each pack contains a book and accompanying CD. 每包内装书一本，并附光盘一张。
His wife accompanied him on the trip. 那次旅行他由妻子陪同。
strong winds accompanied by heavy rain 狂风夹着暴雨 
Each pack contains a book and accompanying CD. 每包内装书一本，并附光盘一张。
The singer was accompanied on the piano by her sister. 女歌手由她姐姐钢琴伴奏。

n. 1 [sing., U]（人或事物走、跑或移动时的）速度，即步速。具有一定的节奏感:
2 [sing., U] pace (of sth) 某事发生的速度，即步伐，节奏:
vt. 1 设定或确定某事发生或进行的速度:
2 pace yourself 调整或放稳自己工作（或其他活动）的节奏:
n. [U] 快速的发生或变化等，即快节奏:
vt.＆vi.（在一个小范围区域内）踱来踱去，走来走去（尤其因为紧张、焦虑、不耐烦或生气）:
n. [C]（走或跑时）迈出的一个步子；也可指（迈出的）一步的距离。相当于step:
pace |[peɪs]
at a snail’s pace 以蜗牛般的速度 
to walk at a leisurely pace 以悠闲的步子走路 
He quickened his pace. 他加快了脚步。
The car gathered pace as it rolled down the slope. 车从斜坡上滚下，速度越来越快。
Brown set the pace in the first mile. 布朗在开始的一英里领跑。
to work at his own pace 按他自己的节奏工作 
the relaxed pace of life 悠闲的生活节奏 
Rumours of that event gathered pace. 关于那件事的传闻日益增多。
the slow pace of economic reform 缓慢的经济改革步伐 
The project is now gathering pace. 该项目正逐步加快速度。
He paced his game skilfully. 他巧妙地控制着自己的比赛节奏。
I must pace myself in this job. 我必须调整自己的工作节奏（或放稳自己的工作步调）。
She couldn’t stand the pace of that job.（英）她承受不了那份工作的快节奏。
to pace around the house 在房子里四下踱步 
She paced restlessly up and down. 她不安地走来走去。
to go a few paces 走几步 
Take two paces forward. 向前走两步。
Step back three paces. 向后退三步。
a few paces from the edge of the cliff 离悬崖边还有几步远的地方

adj. 1 常用于名词前，每年一次的，一年一度的:
2 常用于名词前，（数量或率）与一年的时间有关的，即一年的:
n. [C] 一年生植物；一个季度生植物（即一季生植物）:
n. [C] 每年出版一次的书籍或杂志（每次的标题相同，但内容不同），即年鉴，年刊:
annual |['ænjʊəl]
annual meeting, annual event, annual report 年会；一年一度的大事；年度报告 
annual income, annual sales, annual budget 年度收入；年度销售额；年度预算 
annual rainfall 年降雨量 
an average annual growth rate of 8% 平均8%的年增长率
to sow annuals 栽种一年生植物
my high-school annual 我的中学年鉴

Cosmic means belonging or relating to the universe. 宇宙的
Cosmic means occurring in, or coming from, the part of space that lies outside Earth and its atmosphere. 外层空间的
cosmic |英 ['kɒzmɪk]  美 ['kɑzmɪk]| adj. 宇宙的（等于cosmical）/
...the cosmic laws governing our world.…主宰我们世界的宇宙法则。
...cosmic radiation.…外层辐射。


majestically 壮丽地; 雄伟地
If you describe something or someone as majestic, you think they are very beautiful, dignified, and impressive. 壮丽的; 雄伟的
majestic |英 [mə'dʒestɪk]  美 [mə'dʒɛstɪk]| adj. 庄严的；宏伟的/
She rose majestically to her feet.她端庄地站了起来。
...a majestic country home that once belonged to the Astor family.…一座曾经属于阿斯特家族的漂亮的乡村住所。


vt. 公开进行…或表演…:
vi. 同意改变自己的想法或放弃自己的一些要求，即让步，妥协。是一个简单用词，不太常用:
vt. 给…评定（等级或分数）。是一个简单用词:
vt. give sth to sb/sth 将时间、精力等用于（自己认为重要的事情或问题等）:
vt. 使某人产生某种感觉:
vt. 举办或举行（聚会、活动等）:
vt. 公开表演…。是一个简单用词:
vi.（在压力下）弯曲或伸长；坍塌或断裂:
n. [U] 某事物在压力下弯曲或伸长的能力，即伸展性；弹性:
vt. 给某人打电话，是一个简单用词，常用:
vt. 预计…将持续某一时间长度，或预计某件事的走势。是一个简单用词:
give sb sth 给，把…交给某人。是一个基础用词，含义最广，也最常用:
give sb sth 为某人提供…，为某人做某事，即供给，供应:
3 与名词连用描述某一动作，意义与该名词相应的动词相同:
4 [非正式] 无被动式，用于I don’t give a damn等表达中表示“毫不在乎”:
give sb sth 把…作为礼物交给某人，即赠送，赠与，送给:
give sb sth 把疾病传染给某人。是一个简单的生活化用词，不太常用:
vt. 在体育运动中可指裁定或判定（球员或球所处的位置）:
vt. give (sb) sth for sth（为购买…或做某事而）支付；付款；付出，是“付钱”的生活化用词，语体风格比较随意:
vt.＆vi. give (sth) to sth（向慈善机构等）捐钱（以帮助别人）。是一个广义且基础的用词，能够用于各种正式或非正式的语境。捐款者可以是一个人，也可以是一个组织:
vt. 赋予（权力）:
vt. 赋予（权利）:
give sb sth 使某人受到某一惩罚（其本身并不表示“惩罚”，而是表示“施与惩罚”中的“施与”，或称“给予”，其后面此时需要接表示“惩罚”的名词）:
vt. [正式] 只用被动式，用于be given to understand或be given to believe结构中，表示获悉某件事（主语不想说明从何处获悉或如何获悉）:
give |[ɡɪv][ɡɪv]
She gave a reading from her latest volume of poetry. 她朗诵了她最近出版的诗集里的一首诗。
Kotto gives a stupendous performance. 科托奉上了一场令人惊叹的演出。
to give a press conference 举行记者招待会
You’re going to have to give a little. 你可能非得稍稍让步不可。
She had given the assignment an A. 她给这份作业打了个优。
I give it ten out of ten for originality. 因其创意我给它打满分。
I gave the matter a lot of thought. 我反复思考过这个问题。
The government has given top priority to reforming the tax system. 政府优先致力于税制改革。
All that driving has given me a headache. 这一路开车让我头都痛了。
Go for a walk. It’ll give you an appetite. 去散散步，你就有食欲了。
That evening, I gave a dinner party for a few close friends. 那天晚上，我设宴招待了几位密友。
She gave a reading from her latest volume of poetry. 她朗诵了她最近出版的诗集里的一首诗。
Kotto gives a stupendous performance. 科托奉献了一场令人惊叹的演出。
The branch began to give under his weight. 他身体的重量把树枝都压弯了。
My knees gave under me. 我的膝盖发软了。
The leather has plenty of give in it. 皮革的伸展性很好。
Give me a call tomorrow. 明天给我打个电话。
I’ll give you a ring.（英式用法）我会给你打电话的。
That marriage won’t last. I’ll give them two years, at the outside. 那样的婚姻不会持久。我看他们最多不过两年。
A recent poll gave Toml a 68 percent support rating. 最近的一次民意调查预计汤姆的支持率为68%。
vt. 1 give sth to sb 
Give your mother the letter. 把信给你母亲。
She gave her ticket to the woman at the check-in desk. 她把票递给了登机手续服务处的女服务员。
Give me that pencil. 请把那支铅笔递给我。
2 give sth to sb 
Give me your name and address. 把你的名字和地址报给我。
He gave no details. 他没有提供任何细节。
We’ve been given a 2% pay increase. 我们获得了2%的加薪。
I gave her a lift back to her house. 我让她搭我的车回家。
I’ll give you ten minutes to prepare your answer. 我给你十分钟时间准备回答。
She gave a shrug of her shoulders. 她耸了耸肩。
He gave her a smile. 他朝她微微一笑。
We’ll give you all the help we can. 我们将尽力帮助你。
They don’t give a damn about the country. 他们一点都不在乎这个国家。
vt.＆vi. give sth to sb 
What are you giving your father for his birthday? 你打算送给你父亲什么生日礼物？
She was given a huge bunch of flowers. 有人给她送了一大束花。
vt. give sth to sb 
You’ve given me your cold. 你把感冒传染给我了。
The umpire gave the ball out. 裁判员判球出界。
How much will you give me for the car? 你肯出多少钱买我这辆汽车？
I gave £50 for the lot. 我出50英镑一下全买了。
I’d give anything to see him again. 只要能再见他一面我愿付出任何代价。
We need your help--please give generously. 我们需要您的帮助，请慷慨解囊吧。
He gives regularly to charity. 他定期为慈善事业捐款。
They gave us T-shirts. 他们给我们提供了T恤衫。
to give money, to give a donation 给予资助；给予捐助
to give the president the power to … 赋予总统…的权力
vt. give sth to sb 
The judge gave him a nine-month suspended sentence. 法官判处他有期徒刑九个月，缓期执行。
We discussed what punishment should be given to the boys. 我们讨论了该如何惩罚这些男孩子。
We were given to understand that he was ill. 我们获悉他生病了。
