vulnerable						脆弱的，易受影响的
heave			用力举起，用力拉动，抛，发出，起伏，恶心
come							来，发生，开始，假装
justification		理由，辩解
arc				弧
wrestle							扭打，奋力对付
treaty			条约，合同
mammal						哺乳动物
advocate								支持，拥护者
fickle			不忠实的，易变的
salute								敬礼，赞扬
clear								透明的，晴朗的，清楚的，离开，清除
otherwise							在其他方面，否则，不同的
arduous			艰苦的，难以忍受的
punctual							准时的
directory					名录簿，目录
vanquish			彻底击败，抑制，克服
oblivious			未察觉的
apprentice		学徒
excursion						远足，涉足，离题
downpour			倾盆大雨
mandatory			强制的，法定的
loom				织布机，阴森的逼近
variant			变体，不同的
council						议会
meager			少量的，粗劣的，瘦削的，贫乏的
chord			和弦，心弦
tolerable			可忍受的，尚好的
fabric					织物，结构，基础
setting				环境，背景，配曲，降落
\\\\\\\\

adj. ~ (to sb/sth) 精神上脆弱的、易受伤害的:
adj. 1 ~ (to sb/sth) 身体或精神上脆弱的、易受伤害的、易患病的:
2 ~ (to sb/sth) 事物脆弱的:
adj. ~ (to sb/sth) 身体上脆弱的、易受伤害的、易患病的:
vulnerable |[ˈvʌlnərəbl]
emotionally, psychologically vulnerable 情感上脆弱；心理上脆弱 
She is very sensitive and rather vulnerable. 她非常敏感，而且相对脆弱。
He smiled, making her suddenly feel oddly vulnerable. 他微微一笑，让她突然感觉自己莫名其妙地脆弱起来。
You must try not to appear vulnerable. 你千万不要显得软弱好欺负。
She looked very vulnerable standing there on her own. 她独自站在那里，看上去弱不禁风。
In cases of food poisoning, young children are especially vulnerable. 遇到食物中毒，幼儿尤其容易受危害。
People with high blood pressure are especially vulnerable to diabetes. 有高血压的人尤其易患糖尿病。
The virus attacks the immune system, leaving your body vulnerable to infections. 这种病毒攻击人的免疫系统，使身体容易受到各种感染。
Plants that are growing vigorously are less likely to be vulnerable to disease. 生命力强的植物不容易得病。
Hippos are uniquely vulnerable to drought. 河马特别受不了干旱。
emotionally, psychologically vulnerable 情感上脆弱；心理上脆弱 
She is very sensitive and rather vulnerable. 她非常敏感，而且相对脆弱。
He smiled, making her suddenly feel oddly vulnerable. 他微微一笑，让她突然感觉自己莫名其妙地脆弱起来。
You must try not to appear vulnerable. 你千万不要显得软弱好欺负。
Old people are particularly vulnerable members of our society. 老年人是社会中尤为明显的弱势群体。
 These offices are highly vulnerable to terrorist attack. 这些办公室极易受到恐怖分子的袭击。
Their tanks would be vulnerable to attack from the air. 他们的坦克易受到空袭。
a table showing which cars are most vulnerable to theft. 易被盗车辆一览表 
economically, militarily, politically vulnerable 经济上脆弱；军事上脆弱；政治上脆弱 
The company is in an economically vulnerable position. 该公司目前经济状况不稳定。
The sudden resignation of the financial director put the company in a very vulnerable position. 财务部主任的突然辞职使得这家公司岌岌可危。          
She looked very vulnerable standing there on her own. 她独自站在那里，看上去弱不禁风。
In cases of food poisoning, young children are especially vulnerable. 遇到食物中毒，幼儿尤其容易受危害。
People with high blood pressure are especially vulnerable to diabetes. 有高血压的人尤其易患糖尿病。
The virus attacks the immune system, leaving your body vulnerable to infections. 这种病毒攻击人的免疫系统，使身体容易受到各种感染。
Plants that are growing vigorously are less likely to be vulnerable to disease. 生命力强的植物不容易得病。
Hippos are uniquely vulnerable to drought. 河马特别受不了干旱。
Old people are particularly vulnerable members of our society. 老年人是社会中尤为明显的弱势群体。

n. [U] [尤文学] 起伏运动:
vi. ~ (with sth)（强烈而有节奏地）起伏:
vt. ~ a sigh, etc.（常指吃力地）缓慢发出声音:
vt.&vi. 非常用力地举起（某人或某事物）:
n. [C] 用力的举:
vt.&vi. 非常用力地扔抛（某人或某事物）:
n. [C] 用力的抛:
n. [U] [尤文学] 海浪的起伏:
vi. ~ (with sth)（强烈而有节奏地）起伏:
vt.&vi. 非常用力地拉拽（某人或某事物）:
n. [C] 用力的拖拽:
vi. 恶心:
heave |[hi:v]
the steady heave of the sea 大海汹涌不断的波涛
His chest heaved, and he took a deep breath. 他的胸脯上下起伏，然后他深深地吸了口气。
Her shoulders heaved with laughter. 她笑得双肩抖动。
the grey, heaving seas 波涛起伏的灰色海面 
The boat heaved beneath them. 小船在他们脚下颠簸着。
We all heaved a sigh of relief. 我们都如释重负地舒了一口气。
Mr Collier heaved a sigh and got to his feet. 科利尔先生深叹一口气，站了起来。
I managed to heave the trunk down the stairs. 我用力把箱子弄下楼梯。
With a mighty heave he lifted the sack onto the truck. 他用劲一举，把大麻袋扔到卡车上。
They heaved the body overboard. 他们使劲把尸体从船上抛入水中。
the steady heave of the sea 大海汹涌不断的波涛 
the grey, heaving seas 波涛起伏的灰色海面 
The boat heaved beneath them. 小船在他们脚下颠簸着。
I managed to heave the trunk down the stairs. 我用力把箱子弄下楼梯。
We all heaved on the rope. 我们大家一起用力拉绳子。
It took five strong men to heave the statue up a ramp and lower it into place. 靠了五个强壮的男子才将雕像拉上坡道，再下放到合适的位置。
He heaved Barney to his feet. 他拉巴尼站了起来。
She gave a great heave and the box inched forward. 她使劲—拉，箱子向前移动了一点点。
He gasped and heaved and vomited again. 他又开始又喘又吐起来。
My stomach heaved and I felt sick. 我的胃翻腾起来，直想呕吐。
The thought of it makes me heave. 一想到那事我就恶心。

exclamation. [过时]（表示不太赞同）嗨，得啦:
vi. 破碎；脱离:
vt. [过时，非正式] 到（提及的时间）:
vi. come (to ...) 时间到来:
exclamation. [过时]（鼓励某人要有理智或通情达理）好啦:
vi. 1 come to/into sth 用于许多表达法中以表示达到某种状态，即达到；进入:
2 达到（认识、理解或相信的程度）:
3 合计达到某一数量:
vt. 达到（让某事发生的地步）:
vi. come (to ...) 来到，到达或抵达某地:
vt. 穿行（或行进）某段距离:
vi. 1 来（即向某人或某个地方移动）:
come to do sth 来到某地去做某事或得到某东西:
3 come (to sth) (with sb)（尤指与某人）来到某地或为出席某活动:
4（以奔跑或匆忙等方式）来:
vi. 用于疑问句，表示为什么:
vi. 1 来自（某个地方或事物）:
2 源自:
vi.（时间）来临，或（事件）发生:
vi.（想法、主意或记忆等）突然出现:
vt. 比喻用法中可指发展或进步:
vi. 成为；变成；变得。其后面常接表示状态的词:
vi. 用于疑问句，表示如何:
vt. 排在（第一、下一个或最后）:
vi. 谈到。常与to连用。其实此时主要用于引出要谈的内容，该内容通常较为详细具体，如可翻译为“来说说…”。而非常规意义上的蜻蜓点水式的简短提及:
vi.（想法、主意）突然出现。是一个简单用词:
vi.（记忆）突然出现:
vi. 处于或位于某个位置:
vi. 用于疑问句，表示如何:
vi. come (in sth)（货物、产品等）可提供，有货:
come |[kʌm][kʌm]
Come, come, Miss Jones, you know perfectly well what I mean. 得啦，得啦，琼斯小姐，你完全知道我的意思。
The lid won’t come off. 盖子不会掉落。
The pistol came to pieces, easily and quickly. 手枪轻易地就破碎了。
They would have been married forty years come this June. 到今年六月他们结婚就有四十年了。
Spring came late this year. 今年春天来得晚。
The time has come to act. 采取行动的时机到了。
Oh come now, things aren’t as bad as all that. 哦，好啦，情况并不是那么糟。
At last winter came to an end. 冬天终于结束了。
He came to power in 1959. 他于1959年上台掌权。
When will they come to a decision? 他们何时会做出决定？
The trees are coming into leaf. 树开始长叶子了。
Their worst fears may be coming true. 他们最恐惧的事也许会变成现实。
In time she came to love him. 她终于爱上了他。
She had come to see the problem in a new light. 她开始用新的角度来看待这个问题。
I’ve come to expect this kind of behaviour from him. 对于他的这种举止我渐渐不感到意外了。
Lunch came to $80. 午餐合计达80美元。
How did you come to meet him? 你怎么会遇见他的？
They continued until they came to a river. 他们继续往前一直来到河边。
Your breakfast is coming soon. 你的早餐很快就到。
Have any letters come for me? 有给我的来信吗？
Help came at last. 救援终于到了。
The CD comes complete with all the words of the songs. 这张光盘配有歌曲的全部歌词。
The water came up to my chest. 水漫到了我的胸部。
We’ve come 50 miles this morning. 我们今天上午走了50英里。
The company has come a long way (= made a lot of progress) in the last 5 years.（比喻用法）公司在过去的5年里取得了许多进步。
Come here! 到这儿来！
They’re coming to stay for a week. 他们要来待上一星期。
We heard the train coming. 我们听见火车来了。
There’s a storm coming. 暴风雨就要来了。
2 come for/about sth 
I’ve come for my book. 我来拿我的书。
He came looking for me. 他来找我。
I’ve only come for an hour. 我来了才一个小时。
Are you coming to the club with us tonight? 你今晚和我们一起去俱乐部吗？
Thanks for coming. 谢谢光临。
The children came running into the room. 孩子们跑着进屋来了。
How do you come to be so late? 你怎么这么晚？
Nearly half the students come from overseas. 几乎一半学生来自海外。
Chocolate comes from the cacao tree. 巧克力来自可可树。
There is a feeling of power that comes from driving fast. 开快车可以产生力量感。
Some good might come of all this gloomy business. 某种好的结果也许会从这种惨淡的经营中产生。
The agreement came after several hours of negotiations. 协议经过几小时的谈判后才达成。
Her death came as a terrible shock to us. 她的死使我们极为震惊。
The announcement came after a meeting at the White House. 通告是在白宫的一次会议后发布的。
There will come a time when they will have to negotiate. 他们终将会进行谈判的。
He was about to shut the door when an idea came to him. 他正准备关门时，突然想出了一个主意。
The company has come a long way in the last 5 years. 公司在过去的5年里取得了许多进步。  
The buttons had come undone. 纽扣都松开了。
The handle came loose. 这把手松了。
Everything will come right in the end. 一切到最后都会好起来的。
This design came to be known as the Oriental style. 这种设计后来被称为东方风格。
How did he come to break his leg? 他怎么把腿弄断的？
Which step should come next? 下一步该怎么走？
The alphabet might be more rational if all the vowels came first. 要是所有的元音都排在前面，字母表也许会更合理些。
Finally, I come to the subject of genetic engineering. 最后，我来谈谈基因工程。
He was about to shut the door when an idea came to him. 他正准备关门时，突然想起了一个主意。
That comes a long way down my list of priorities. 在我非做不可的事情当中，那事较不重要。
His family comes first. 他把家庭放在首位。
She came second in the exam. 她这次考试名列第二。
How did he come to break his leg? 他怎么把腿弄断的？
This dress comes in black and red. 这款连衣裙有黑、红两种颜色。
New cars don’t come cheap. 新汽车没有便宜的。

n. [U, C] ~ (for sth/doing sth) 正当理由；合理的解释:
justification |[ˌdʒʌstɪfɪˈkeɪʃn]
I can see no possible justification for any further tax increases. 我看不出还能提出什么理由来进一步加税了。
He was getting angry--and with some justification. 他生气了——而且不是没有道理的。
To me the only justification for a zoo is educational. 对我来说，动物园存在的唯一正当理由是其教育作用。
I knew from the beginning that there was no justification for what I was doing. 我从一开始就知道我的所作所为毫无道理。
You have every justification for feeling angry. 你完全有理由感到愤怒。
There was no compelling justification for the invasion. 这次入侵没有令人信服的理由。
She had not given him the slightest justification for thinking she was interested in him. 她根本没有给他任何机会让他觉得她对他有好感。
ethical, ideological, moral justification 伦理方面的正当理由；意识形态上的正当理由；道德方面的正当理由 
intellectual, philosophical, rational, scientific, theological, theoretical justification 智力上的正当理由；哲学上的正当理由；理性的正当理由；科学的正当理由；神学的正当理由；理论上的正当理由 
economic, legal, political justification 经济上的正当理由；法律上的正当理由；政治上的正当理由 
She's unable to provide any justification for her actions. 她无法为自己的行为辩解。
I could find no real justification for the proposed reorganization. 我没发现提出重组有什么正当理由。
Such a step requires substantial justification to be accepted by the public. 采取这一措施必须有充分的正当理由才能为公众所接受。
the argument which he put forward in justification 他用以辩解的理由 
He felt, with some justification, that he had been unfairly treated. 他感觉自己受到了不公正对待也不是没有理由的。
She was arrested entirely without justification. 她被毫无理由地逮捕了。
I can see some justification for her remarks. 我能看出她说那些话有些道理。
She never presents an ideological justification of her work. 她从来不会从意识形态角度为自己的工作提出辩解。

n. [C] [术语] 电弧:
vi. [术语] 形成电弧:
n. 1 [C] [几何学] 弧:
2 [C] 弧形:
The jet trail formed a perfect arc in the sky. 喷气式飞机的飞行轨迹在空中形成一个完美的弧形。vi. [术语] 成狐线；呈弧形；作弧形运动:
arc |[ɑ:k;美ɑ:rk]
the arc of a rainbow 彩虹的弧形 
The beach swept around in an arc. 海滩呈弧形伸展开来。
The Aleutian chain is a long arc of islands in the North Pacific. 阿留申群岛是北太平洋上一长串呈弧形排列的小岛。
The islands lie in a wide arc just off the mainland. 这些岛屿呈一个大大的弧形分布在离大陆不远的地方。
They fired shells in a high arc over our heads. 他们发射的炮弹在我们头顶划出一个超大的弧。
graceful arc 优美的弧线 
A rainbow arced gracefully over the town. 彩虹在小城上空画出了一道优美的弧线。

vt.＆vi. wrestle (with sth) 尝试（或努力）去处理（或解决）困难的事情（或问题），相当于battle或grapple:
vt. 将某人或某事物费力地拉向某处（例如通过拧扯某人的身体部位）:
vt.＆vi. wrestle (with sb) 摔跤，或以摔跤为体育运动:
wrestle |['resl]
to wrestle with the problem of violence 试图解决暴力问题 
to wrestle to raise money 想方设法募集资金 
to wrestle with the controls of the running machine 竭力控制住运行中的机器
She had to physically wrestle the child from the man’s arms. 她用力地从那个男子怀里把孩子夺了过来。
He taught me to wrestle. 他教我摔跤。
He wrestled with the thief. 他和小偷摔打了起来。
to wrestle him to the ground 将他摔倒在地

n. [C] 国家间的正式条约、协定:
treaty |[ˈtri:ti]
the Treaty of Rome 《罗马条约》
Under the terms of the treaty, La Rochelle was ceded to the English. 根据这个条约的条款，拉罗谢尔割让给了英国人。
negotiations over a 1992 treaty on global warming 围绕 1992 年制定的遏制全球变暖问题的公约而进行的谈判 
bilateral, multilateral treaty 双边条约；多边条约 
draft treaty 条约草案 
commercial, trade treaty 商业条约；贸易条约 
climate, environmental treaty 气候条约；环境条约 
unequal treaty 不平等条约 
cooperation, friendship treaty 合作条约；友好条约 
peace treaty 和平条约 
disarmament, non-proliferation treaty 裁军条约；核不扩散条约 
human rights treaty 人权条约 
extradition treaty 引渡条约 
to enter into a treaty 签订条约 
treaty party（法律）缔约方 
treaty amendment, treaty changes, treaty revision（尤英）条约的修正；条约的修改 
treaty negotiations 条约的谈判 
treaty provision 条约的规定 
treaty agreement（尤美）条约协议 
treaty term 条约的条款 
treaty law 条约法 
treaty commitment, treaty obligation 条约中的承诺；条约规定的义务 
treaty rights 条约赋予的权利 
treaty relationship 条约关系          

n. [C] 哺乳动物:
mammal |[ˈmæml]
large, small mammal 大型哺乳动物；小型哺乳动物 
higher, lower mammal 高级哺乳动物；低级哺乳动物 
endangered, rare mammal 濒危哺乳动物；珍稀哺乳动物 
extinct mammal 灭绝了的哺乳动物 
living mammal 现存的哺乳动物 
wild mammal 野生哺乳动物 
aquatic, marine, sea mammal 水生哺乳动物；海洋哺乳动物 
land, terrestrial mammal 陆栖哺乳动物 
carnivorous, herbivorous mammal 肉食性哺乳动物；草食性哺乳动物 
nocturnal mammal 夜行性哺乳动物 
mammal species 哺乳动物的种类

vt. [正式] 公开支持某事，可称为拥护或提倡:
n. [C] advocate (of/for sth/sb)（某人、某项公共计划或行动的）支持者、拥护者、提倡者:
n. 1 [C] 辩护者，尤指辩护律师:
2 [C] 在苏格兰，最高法院的出庭律师（barrier）被称为advocate:
advocate |['ædvəkɪt]
The group does not advocate the use of violence. 该团体不支持使用暴力。
These policies have been widely advocated. 这些政策已得到广泛的拥护。
Many experts advocate rewarding your child for good behaviour. 很多专家主张对小孩的良好表现加以奖励。
The report advocated that all buildings be fitted with smoke detectors. 报告主张所有的建筑物都应安装烟火探测器。
an advocate of free trade 自由贸易的拥护者

adj. 1 [贬] 变化无常的:
2 [贬]（人）反复无常（因而靠不住）的:
fickle |[ˈfɪkl]
The weather here is notoriously fickle. 这里的天气出了名的变化无常。
the fickle world of fashion 千变万化的时装界 
The television world was a notoriously fickle one. 电视圈是出了名的变化无常。
a fickle friend 靠不住的朋友 
The group has been notoriously fickle in the past. 这伙人过去一直是出了名的善变。           

vt. [正式] 向…致意，相当于acknowledge:
n. [C, U]（言语或行为上的）致意:
vt. [正式] 向…表示敬意或致敬，相当于acknowledge:
n. 1 [C, U] 为向某人表示尊敬、敬意或欢迎而说的话或做的事，即致敬:
2 [C]（对一位重要人士的）鸣礼炮（以示敬意）:
vt.＆vi.（尤指军队中）敬礼（将右手手指置于头侧以示敬意）:
n. [C]（尤指士兵和军官之间的）敬礼（举起右手置于头侧以示敬意）:
salute |[sə'lu:t,-'lju:t]
The players saluted the fans before leaving the field. 球员在退场前向球迷致意。
He raised his hat as a friendly salute. 他举帽亲切致意。
The president saluted the courage of those who had fought for their country. 总统对那些为国而战者的英勇精神表示敬意。
He saluted her with a graceful bend of his head. 他很潇洒地低头向她表示敬意。
His first words were a salute to the people of South Africa. 他开口首先向南非人民致敬。
The guests raised their glasses in salute. 客人们举杯致敬。
The retiring editor received a special salute from the local newspaper. 那位即将退休的编辑获得了这家地方报社的特别致敬。
a 21-gun salute 鸣炮21响的礼仪
The captain stood to attention and saluted smartly. 上尉一个立正，接着敬了一个利落的军礼。
to salute the flag 向旗帜敬礼 
to salute an officer 向长官敬礼 
military salute 军礼 
smart salute 利落的军礼 
casual salute 随意的军礼 
to give a salute 敬军礼 
to acknowledge, to return salute 回以军礼；还礼 
to take salute（英）接受敬礼

clear what, how, whether, etc. 明显的，且不使人产生任何疑惑的。是一个基础用词:
vt. 1 clear sth (with sb/sth)（为某事物或为将要执行的事）给予或获得正式批准、许可。是一个简单用词。不太常用:
2 正式批准（一个人、一艘船只、一架飞机或货物等）离开或进入一个地方:
3（对某人的信息进行审查后）正式批准其做某项特别工作（或阅读机密文件）:
vt. 使人们离开一个地方:
adv. clear (of sth) 离开某事物；不靠近或不接触某事物:
adj. clear (of sb/sth) 不用于名词前，不接触某事物的，离开某事物的:
adj. 只用于名词前，（一段时间）全部的，整体的，完整的:
vi.（脸色或表情）不再生气或担忧，即变平静，变开朗:
adj. 容易听到的:
adj. 容易看到的:
adj. 透明的，清澈的。是一个简单用词和基础用词:
vi.（液体）变透明，变清澈:
clear B (from/off A) 从一地移除某个不想要或不需要的东西，即清理，清除:
adj. clear of sth 摆脱掉令人不快的事物的；与坏事不沾边的:
adj.（眼睛）明亮有神的:
adj. 易于理解的且不会引起混淆的，即清晰易懂的，明白清楚的，不含混的。是此义的基础用词:
adj. clear (of sth) 畅通无阻的，通行无障碍的；表面被收拾干净的，表面没有被什么东西覆盖的:
vi. 恢复畅通；不再受阻:
adj.（头脑）以一种理智而具有逻辑性的方式来思考的（尤指在困境中如此），即思维理智而有逻辑的，头脑清醒的:
vt.＆vi.（头脑或思路从担忧、困惑、酒精作用、遭到物体打击所带来的影响之中）变清醒，变清晰:
vt. 无接触地跳过或通过…:
adv. [尤美] 一直（到远处的某事物）:
adj.（皮肤）无斑（或疤痕）的:
vt.＆vi.（在足球及其他一些体育运动中）将球击离己方球门区；球滚离己方球门区:
vt.＆vi. 用支票兑现出货币:
vt. 获得或赚得一笔利润，即获利，净赚，与net无明显差别，二者均不常用:
adj. 只用于名词前，（扣除税、成本等以后）剩余的，即净的，纯的，相当于net:
vt. 还清或清偿（所有债务或贷款）:
adj. clear of sth 偿清了债务的，是此义的常规用词:
adj. 清白无罪的。强调有良心或问心无愧。算是一个简单用词:
vt. clear sb (of sth) 证明某人无罪（或无辜）:
adj. clear (of sth) 畅通无阻的，通行无障碍的；表面被收拾干净的，表面没有被什么东西覆盖的。强调道路上没有什么东西，因而可以通行（很大程度上是一种客观条件的允许）。是一个常规用词，比较常用:
vi. 恢复畅通；不再受阻:
adj.（天空或天气）无云（或雾）的，即晴朗的。主要强调天空或天气“没有云或雾的”，给人一种澄澈的感觉:
vi. 1（天空或天气由云雨状态）变晴朗，转晴，放晴:
2 clear (away)（烟、雾等）消散，散去:
adj. 语音清晰的（如clear中的[l]，其用于元音前）:
adj. clear (about/on sth) /clear what, how, whether, etc. 没有（或不感觉到）怀疑或困惑的，即无疑的，清楚的，明白的:
clear |[klɪə]
adj. clear (to sb) (that) 
This is a clear case of fraud. 这无疑是一桩诈骗案。
She won the election by a clear majority. 她以明显的多数赢得选举。
a clear advantage 明显的优势 
It was quite clear to me that she was lying. 我十分清楚她在撒谎。
His appointment had been cleared by the board. 他的任命已由董事会批准。
I’ll have to clear it with the manager. 这事我需要获得经理的准许。
The plane had been cleared for take-off. 飞机已得到起飞许可。
to clear goods through customs 给货物结关 
She hasn’t been cleared by security. 她尚未获保安部门批准做机要工作。
After the bomb warning, police cleared the streets. 接到有炸弹的警告后，警察疏散了街上的行人。
Stand clear of the train doors. 不要靠近火车门站立。
He injured his arm as he jumped clear of the car. 他跳离汽车时手臂受了伤。
By lap two Walker was two metres clear of the rest of the runners. 跑第二圈时，沃克已领先其他赛跑者两米。
The plane climbed until it was clear of the clouds. 飞机爬升直至穿出了云层。
Make sure you park your car clear of the entrance. 切莫把车停在入口处。
Allow three clear days for the letter to arrive. 信要整整三天才能寄到。
The voice on the phone was clear and strong. 电话里的声音清晰洪亮。
The photo wasn’t very clear. 这张照片不太清晰。
The water was so clear we could see the bottom of the lake. 湖水清澈见底。
clear glass 透明的玻璃 
The muddy water slowly cleared. 浑浊的水慢慢变得清澈起来。
vt. clear A (of) B 
I cleared my desk of papers. 我清理好了桌子上的文件。
She cleared a space on the sofa for him to sit down. 她在沙发上清出一块地方让他坐下。
The streets had been cleared of snow. 街道上的积雪已被清除干净。
It was several hours before the road was cleared after the accident. 事故过去几小时后这条道路才被疏通。
They were still not clear of all suspicion. 他们仍未解除所有的嫌疑。
We are finally clear of debt. 我们终于偿清了债务。
She gave me clear directions. 她给了我清晰的指示。
clear instructions 清楚的说明 
You’ll do as you’re told, is that clear? 叫你做什么你就去做什么，明白吗？ 
The road was clear and I ran over. 路上没有东西挡着，我就跑了过来。
The roads are reasonably clear of snow. 道路上的积雪基本上清除掉了。
All exits must be kept clear of baggage. 所有出口必须保持通畅，不得堆放行李。
Make sure you keep all gutters and drainpipes clear of leaves. 要确保所有的排水沟和排水管没有树叶堵塞。
a clear desk 不放任何东西的桌子 
You won’t get a clear view of the stage from here. 从这里看舞台，你的视野会受到遮挡。
The traffic took a long time to clear after the accident. 事故过去后很长时间交通才恢复畅通。
The boy’s lungs cleared and he began to breathe more easily. 男孩的肺部恢复通畅后，呼吸开始变得更轻松。
a clear thinker 思维清晰的人 
to keep a clear head 保持清醒的头脑
As her mind cleared, she remembered what had happened. 头脑清醒之后，她记起了所发生的一切。
I went for a walk to clear my head. 我去散一会儿步，好让头脑清醒一下。
The horse cleared the fence easily. 那匹马轻松地跃过了栅栏。
The car only just cleared (= avoided hitting) the gatepost. 那辆汽车通过时险些撞上门柱。
She could see clear down the highway into the town. 她顺着公路一直望去，能看到远处的那座城镇。
clear skin 没有丝毫斑点的皮肤 
a clear complexion 无瑕的面庞
Cheques usually take three working days to clear. 兑现支票通常需要三个工作日。
She cleared £800 on the deal. 她在那笔交易中净赚800英镑。
clear profit 净利润
We are finally clear of debt. 我们终于偿清了债务。
She was cleared of all charges against her. 对她的所有指控均已撤销。
He fought to clear his name. 他奋力证明自己是清白的。
The road was clear and I ran over. 路上没有东西挡着，我就跑了过来。
All exits must be kept clear of baggage. 所有出口必须保持通畅，不得堆放行李。
The roads are reasonably clear of snow. 道路上的积雪基本清除掉了。
The traffic took a long time to clear after the accident. 事故过后很长时间交通才恢复畅通。
a clear blue sky 晴朗的碧空 
The sky cleared after the storm. 暴风雨过后，天气转晴了。
The rain is clearing slowly. 雨渐渐停下来。
The mist will clear by mid-morning. 雾将在上午十时左右消散。
Are you clear about the arrangements for tomorrow? 你清楚明天的安排吗？
I'm still not clear what the job involves. 我仍然不明白这项工作包括哪些内容。
Are you clear on that point? 在那一点上你确定吗？
My memory is not clear on that point. 那一点我记不清了。

adv. 除此以外:
adv. 用于说明如果某事没有发生或情况如果不同，将会是什么结果，即否则，不然:
adv. 以一种不同的方式；不同地。即另，亦:
otherwise |['ʌðəwaɪz]
There was some music playing upstairs. Otherwise the house was silent. 楼上有些音乐声。除此以外，房子里静悄悄的。
He was slightly bruised but otherwise unhurt. 他除了一点青肿之外没有受伤。
My parents lent me the money. Otherwise, I couldn’t have afforded the trip. 我父母借钱给我了。否则，我可付不起这次旅费。
Shut the window, otherwise it’ll get too cold in here. 把窗户关好，不然屋子里就太冷了。
Bismarck, otherwise known as ‘the Iron Chancellor’ 俾斯麦，亦称为“铁血首相”
It is not permitted to sell or otherwise distribute copies of past examination papers. 不准出售或以其他方式散发过去的试卷。
You know what this is about. Why pretend otherwise? 你明明知道这是怎么回事，为什么装作不知道？
I wanted to see him but he was otherwise engaged. 我想见他，但他正忙着别的事情。

adj.（尤指在一段时间或时期内）艰难的、艰苦的:
arduous |[ˈɑ:djuəs;-dʒu-;美ˈɑ:rdʒuəs]
arduous climb, arduous march, arduous voyage, arduous trek 艰难的攀登；艰难的行进；艰难的航行；艰难的长途跋涉 
an arduous journey across the Andes 翻越安第斯山脉的艰苦之行 
The work was arduous. 这项工作很艰巨。
The task was more arduous than he had calculated. 这项任务比他所估计的要艰巨得多。

adj. 准时的，按时的；不晚的，守时的:
punctual |['pʌŋktʃʊəl]
a punctual start at 9 o’clock 9点钟准时开始 
He’s always very punctual. 他一向很准时。

n. 1 [C] 各种名录（通常按字母顺序排列），如电话号码簿、某个行业的公司名录（包含各公司的名称和地址）:
2 [C]（国际互联网网站上的用于查询某个主题的信息的）专题名录:
n. [C]（计算机磁盘中文件或程序的）目录:
directory |[dəˈrektəri;dɪ-;daɪ-]
a directory of names and numbers 姓名号码簿 
a directory of European Trade Associations 欧洲同业公会名录 
business, telephone, trade（尤英）directory 企业名录；电话簿；行业名录 
I found the company's name in a trade directory. 我在行业名录上找到了这家公司的名字。
searchable directory 可查询名录 
a searchable directory of lawyers and law firms 律师和律师事务所的查询名录 
city（尤美）, local directory 城市名录；本地名录 
the 1801 Philadelphia city directory 1801年费城名录 
membership directory（尤美）会员名录 
the association's 2009 membership directory 2009年协会会员名录 
a comprehensive directory of training resources 培训资源的综合名录 
She decided to check the business directory for the address. 她决定在企业名录中查阅地址。
Names are listed alphabetically in the directory. 名录中的名称按字母顺序排列。
Internet, online, Web directory 网络名录 
an online directory that shows who lives at what address 显示用户住址的网络名录 
Yahoo is the oldest and best-known Web directory service. 雅虎是最早且最知名的互联网目录服务网站。
This option lets you create new files or directories. 用这个选项你可以创建新的文件或目录。

vt. [文学] 在比赛、战争、竞争中彻底击败某人:
vanquish |[ˈvæŋkwɪʃ]
A happy ending is only possible because the hero has first vanquished the dragons. 只有主人公先把那些恶龙制服，才有可能实现大团圆结局。
With knowledge and wisdom, evil could be vanquished on this earth. 拥有了知识和智慧就能够把恶势力从这个世界上铲除。
She had fought many battles, vanquished many foes.（比喻用法）她身经百战，战胜过很多对手。

adj. [名词前不常用] ~ (of/to sth) 不知道的、未注意的、未察觉的:
oblivious |[əˈblɪviəs]
He drove off, oblivious of the damage he had caused. 他车开走了，没有注意到他所造成的损害。
He appeared oblivious to the uproar. 他好像没察觉到喧闹声。
You eventually become oblivious to the noise. 你终究会变得不在意吵闹声的。
Llewelyn appeared oblivious of his surroundings. 卢埃林看起来没有注意到他周围的情况。
She lay motionless where she was, oblivious to pain. 她一动不动地躺在原地，已经感觉不到疼痛。
His own arrogance made him oblivious to the criticisms of others. 他的傲慢使他全然不顾忌别人的批评。
oblivious of the stares of the whole town 不在意全镇人的眼光 
She seemed almost oblivious to the crowds of reporters. 她似乎并不怎么在意大批记者的存在。
He seemed oblivious to the tact that his wife was on the edge of a nervous breakdown. 他妻子到了精神崩溃的边缘，对此他似乎一点儿都未察觉。

n. [C] 为雇主工作一段固定的时间以学习某项工作技能的一个人，即学徒:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb (to sb) (as sth) [旧时] 使某人当学徒:
apprentice |[əˈprentɪs]
apprentice electrician, apprentice chef, apprentice jockey 电工学徒；厨师学徒；学徒骑手 
I started off as an apprentice and worked my way up. 我从学徒开始干起，逐步上升。
He left school at 15 and trained as an apprentice carpenter. 他15岁辍学，当上木工学徒。
The experienced artisan would pass on the tricks of the trade to the apprentice. 这位经验丰富的工匠会将这一行的诀窍传授给徒弟。
I was apprenticed to a builder when I was fourteen. 14岁时，我拜一个建筑工人为师当学徒。

n. [C] [正式] ~ into sth 对新事物或不同活动的短期涉猎（或涉足）:
n. 1 [C] 尤指以游玩为目的的短途旅行或短途远足:
2 [C]（尤指旅行社组织的对某地的）短途旅游:
excursion |[ɪkˈskɜ:ʃn;美ɪkˈskɜ:rʒn]
After a brief excursion into drama, he concentrated on his main interest, which was poetry. 他短暂涉猎过戏剧之后便把全部精力投入到他的主要兴趣——诗歌中去了。
Radio 3's latest excursion into ethnic music, dance and literature. 第三广播台最近开始涉及有关少数民族音乐、舞蹈和文学的节目 
The few excursions into stylistic experiment do not entirely come off. 几次体裁上的尝试都不算很成功。
her first excursion into business 她第一次涉足商务
They've gone on an excursion to York. 他们到约克旅游去了。
In Bermuda, Sam's father took him on an excursion to a coral barrier. 在百慕大，萨姆的父亲带他到附近的珊瑚礁去游玩。
brief, little, short excursion 简短旅行；短暂旅行；短途旅行 
day, evening, full-day, half-day, weekend, week-long excursion 白天的旅行；晚上的旅行；全天的旅行；半天的旅行；周末的旅行；一周的旅行 
three-day excursion 三天的游行 
annual excursion 年度旅行 
outdoor excursion 户外旅游 
boat, coach（英）, train excursion 乘船旅行；乘大客车旅行；乘火车旅行 
shopping, sightseeing excursion 购物旅行；观光旅行 
We decided to make an all-day excursion to the island. 我们决定去岛上—日游。
We also recommend a full day optional excursion to the Upper Douro. 我们还推荐去杜罗河上游的短途自选一日游。
Another pleasant excursion is Malaga, 18 miles away. 另一个非常不错的短途旅游是去18英里以外的马拉加。
We signed up for a shore excursion to New Orleans. 我们报名参加了—个去新奥尔良海滨的旅游。
Our ship offers 13 different excursions. 我们的船提供 13 种不同的旅游路线。
Princess Tours runs independent excursions from selected hotels. 公主旅行社在精选出的酒店中经营独立的旅游线路。
He took us on an excursion to the ruined city. 他带我们去游览那座城市的遗迹。

n. [usually sing.] 倾盆大雨、暴雨、骤雨:
downpour |[ˈdaʊnpɔ:(r)]
heavy, torrential downpour 倾盆大雨；如注的骤雨 
relentless, steady downpour 不停的倾盆大雨；持续的倾盆大雨 
a sudden downpour of rain 突降的暴雨 
tropical downpour 热带倾盆大雨 
We got caught in a torrential downpour. 我们遇上了一场瓢泼大雨。

If a crime carries a mandatory punishment, that punishment is fixed by law for all cases, in contrast to crimes for which the judge or magistrate has to decide the punishment for each particular case. (刑罚) 强制性的
If an action or procedure is mandatory, people have to do it, because it is a rule or a law. 法定的
mandatory |英 ['mændət(ə)rɪ]  美 ['mændətɔri]| adj. 强制的；托管的；命令的/n. 受托者（等于mandatary）/
...the mandatory life sentence for murder.…谋杀罪的强制性终身监禁。
...the mandatory retirement age of 65.…65岁的法定退休年龄。


vi. 重要或危险的事情好像很快就要发生，即迫近:
vi.（庞然大物或形状模糊之物）出现，尤指令人惊恐地隐现:
n. [C] 织布机:
loom |[lu:m]
There was a crisis looming. 危机迫在眉睫。
Another government spending crisis is looming in the United States. 另一场政府开支危机在美国一触即发。
We could all see that disaster loomed for the company. 我们都看得出来灾难正向该公司逼近。
With a recession looming, consumers are spending less. 经济日渐萧条，人们的消费也越来越少了。
The threat of renewed civil war looms ahead. 内战战火重燃的威胁正迫在眉睫。
the bleak mountains that loomed out of the blackness and towered around us 黑暗中若隐若现、耸立在我们四周的荒山 
The house loomed over him as he waited at the front door. 他在前门等候时，看到那所房子隐隐出现。
Ghostly shapes loomed out of the fog. 鬼一样的影子在雾中隐现。
A dark shape loomed up ahead of us. 一个黑糊糊的影子隐隐出现在我们的前面。
Vincent loomed over me, as pale and grey as a tombstone. 文森特赫然耸现在我面前，面色灰白得像一块墓碑。

A variant of a particular thing is something that has a different form from that thing, although it is related to it. 变体; 变种
variant |英 ['veərɪənt]  美 ['vɛrɪənt]| adj. 不同的；多样的/n. 变体；转化/
The quagga was a strikingly beautiful variant of the zebra.白氏斑马是一种极其美丽的斑马变种。


n. [C] 选出来的一群人，这些人负责提建议、制定规则、做研究、提供金钱等，如（顾问、立法、研究、基金等）委员会:
n. [C] 一些组织机构中的一群管理者，如委员:
n. [C] [正式]（尤指在旧时）讨论在某种情况中该采取何种行动的一个正式会议，可称为协商会议:
n. 1 [C] 被选举出来统治一个地方的一群人，可以是国家政务委员会，也可以是地方政务委员会:
2 [C] [英] 在市、郡中提供服务（如教育、住房、图书馆管理等服务）的组织机构:
adj.（房屋或公寓）由地方政府所拥有的，人们需要付租金才能居住的:
council |[ˈkaʊnsl]
advisory, funding, governing, research council 顾问委员会；基金委员会；管理委员会；研究委员会 
the governing council of the Mormon Church 摩门教会管理委员会 
the Medical Research Council 医学研究会 
arts, sports council 艺术委员会；体育委员会 
student council 学生委员会 
ecumenical council 普世大公会议 
In Britain, the Arts Council gives grants to theatres. 英国的艺术委员会向剧院提供资金。
As a struggling young composer, she applied to the Scottish Arts Council for a grant. 作为一名为生计挣扎的年轻作曲家，她向加利福尼亚艺术委员会申请补助金。
council member 委员会委员 
They are setting up a new council for the arts. 他们要成立一个新的艺术委员会。
the National Council for Civil Liberties 全国公民自由委员会
The permanent council of the Organization of American States meets today here in Washington. 美洲国家组织的常务委员们今天在华盛顿这里会面。
the Bundesbank's central council 德意志联邦银行的中央委员会
The King held a council at Nottingham from 14 to 19 October 1330. 国王于1330年10月14日至19日在诺丁汉召集协商会议。
President Najibullah said he would call a grand council of all Afghans. 纳吉布拉总统称他将召开阿富汗全民大会。
The president also meets ministers at inter-ministerial councils held at the Elysée Palace. 总统还在爱丽舍宫接见了参加部长级会议的各部长。           
executive, governing, ruling, state council 行政委员会；管理委员会；国务院 
national council 国务委员会 
legislative council 立法委员会 
local council 地方政务委员会 
borough, city, community, county, district, municipal, neighbourhood/neighborhood, parish, provincial, regional, town council 自治市议会；市议会；（苏格兰和威尔士的）社区议会；郡政务委员会；区政务委员会；行政堂区议会；省议会；地区议会；镇政务委员会 
metropolitan, rural, urban council（均尤英） 大都市政务委员会；乡村政务委员会；城市政务委员会 
tribal council 部落委员会 
elected council 选举产生的议会 
Many county councils are now controlled by the Conservatives. 保守党现在控制着很多郡的政务委员会。
The city council has voted almost unanimously in favour. 市政委员会几乎一致投票表示赞同。
council elections 议会选举 
council member 议会成员 
council representative 议会代表 
council meeting 议会会议 
council chamber 议事厅 
council president 议会主席 
council resolution 议会决议 
council leader, council seat 议会领袖；议会席位 
She's on the borough council. 她是自治市政务委员会的委员。
Our party won the majority of seats on the city councils. 我们党赢得了市议会的多数席位。
Students should apply to their local council for a grant. 学生应该向当地的市政部门申请助学金。
council employee, council staff, council worker 市政工作人员 
council services 市政部门 
council estate, council flat, council house, council housing 市政住宅区；公租房；市政住房 
council tax（英国根据个人房产的价值收取的）市政税 
There is a shortage of council housing. 廉租公房房源不足。
Council tenants around the country are planning a mass lobby of Parliament. 全国各地的市政住房租户正在计划组建一个大的议会游说团。

 It was medieval European monks who introduced scientific brewing techniques in an effort to produce a nutritious beverage to supplement their meager diets.  正是中世纪欧洲的僧侣们引进科学的啤酒酿造技术，制造有营养的饮料，从而补充了他们贫乏的饮食。
 Like the gentleman who fondly lectures the beggar before dropping a meager coin into his jar, they came to Africa with an innate sense of superiority.  他们带着一种天生的优越感来到非洲，如同那个把一枚少得可怜的硬币投进罐子前温情地对乞丐说教一番的绅士。
 Do I ask you to come into my workplace and supplement my meager income?  我问过你来我的办公室看看，然后补充一下我贫瘠的收入嘛？
meager |英/美 ['migɚ]| adj. 贫乏的；瘦的/n. 兆/



n. [C] [数学]（在一条曲线的两点之间起连接作用的）弦:
n. [C] [音乐] 和弦；和音:
chord |[kɔ:d;美kɔ:rd]
major, minor chord 大三和弦；小三和弦 
C chord C和弦 
guitar, piano chord 吉他和弦；钢琴和弦 
chord change, chord progression 和弦改变；和弦进行 
the opening chords of 'Stairway to Heaven'《通往天堂的阶梯》的开篇和弦 
Mr Jenkins' arguments for stability struck a chord with Europe's two most powerful politicians.（比喻用法）詹金斯先生关于稳定的论点引起了欧洲两位最有影响的政治家的共鸣。
Burke's sentiments undoubtedly struck a responsive chord in Parliament.（比喻用法）伯克的观点无疑引起了议会的积极回应。

adj. [正式]（虽然令人不悦或痛苦）可接受的、可忍受的:
adj. [正式] 很好但不是最好的，如还可以的、还过得去的:
tolerable |[ˈtɒlərəbl;美ˈtɑ:l-]
At times, the heat was barely tolerable. 有时天气炎热得几乎令人难以忍受。
A nice breeze made the desert almost tolerable. 一阵和风使沙漠变得几乎可以忍受了。
The levels of tolerable pain vary greatly from individual to individual. 对疼痛的耐受程度因人而异，差别很大。
He described their living conditions as tolerable. 他把他们的生活条件描述为“尚可忍受”。
a tolerable degree of success 说得过去的成功 
He fell asleep just past midnight with tolerable ease. 他刚过午夜就睡着了，睡得还算安稳。
Is there anywhere tolerable to eat in town? 城里有什么过得去的地方可以吃饭吗？
She inspected the rooms and found them perfectly tolerable. 她仔细看了房间，觉得十分不错。
This wine is really quite tolerable considering it cost only $4 a bottle. 考虑到一瓶只要4美元，这葡萄酒真的相当不错了。

n. 1 [sing.] the ~ (of sth) [正式]（社会、组织机构、体系等的）基本结构:
2 [sing.] the ~ (of sth) 建筑物的基本结构（如墙壁、地板、屋顶）:
n. [U, C]（由羊毛、棉花、丝绸等制成的）织物、布料（用于制作衣服、帘子、家具罩子等）:
n. [sing.] the ~ (of sth) 建筑物的基本结构（如墙壁、地板、屋顶）:
fabric |[ˈfæbrɪk]
economic, political, social, moral fabric 经济结构；政治结构；社会结构；道德结构 
a threat to the very fabric of society 对社会基本结构的威胁 
Years of civil war have wrecked the country's infrastructure and destroyed its social fabric. 经年内战已破坏了国家的基础设施，摧毁了其社会结构。
the basic fabric of family life 家庭生活的基本结构 
Condensation will eventually cause the fabric of the building to rot away. 冷凝作用将最终使建筑结构腐朽掉。
cotton fabric 棉织物 
furnishing fabrics 室内装饰织品 
rich fabric wall coverings 色彩浓艳的墙布 
waterproof fabric 防水织物 
floral fabric 花布 
curtain fabric 窗帘织物 
The fabric is woven on these machines. 这种布是这些机器织的。
fabric softener 织物柔顺剂 
fabric swatch 织物样品 
swatches of the different types of mattress covering 不同种类的床垫套的布料样品 
Whatever your colour scheme, there's a fabric to match. 无论什么样的色彩方案，都有与之相配的织物。
Condensation will eventually cause the fabric of the building to rot away. 冷凝作用将最终使建筑结构腐朽掉。

n. [C]（戏剧、小说等的）情节背景（即其发生的时间和地点）:
n. [C] 一系列环境；某事发生的地点（即背景）:
n. [C]（镶嵌宝石的）底座、底板、托板:
n. [C]（摆在桌上供一人用的）一套餐具:
n. [C] [音乐] 为诗歌等谱的曲子:
n. [C] 自然环境:
n. [C]（炉具、热水器等机器上调节速度、高度、温度等的）档、级、点:
setting |[ˈsetɪŋ]
short stories with a contemporary setting 以当代生活为背景的短篇小说 
biblical stories in a contemporary setting 当代背景下的《圣经》故事 
cultural, historical setting 文化背景；历史背景
rural, ideal, beautiful, idyllic setting 乡村环境；理想的环境；优美的环境；田园环境 
It was the perfect setting for a wonderful Christmas. 环境气氛无可挑剔，正是一个美好的圣诞节所需要的。
Rome is the perfect setting for romance. 罗马是最适合谈情说爱的地方。
Perth was the setting for the SNP's conference this year. 珀斯是今年苏格兰国民党大会的召开地。
wild animals in their natural setting 自然环境中的野生动物 
The French Club offers the chance to improve your language skills in a social setting. 法语俱乐部为你提供社交环境下提高语言技能的机会。
In a work setting, more formal language would be used. 工作环境中会使用较为正式的语言。
clinical, experimental, hospital, institutional, laboratory setting 诊室环境；实验环境；医院环境；机构环境；实验室环境 
academic, classroom, educational, school setting 学术环境；教室环境；教育环境；学校环境 
domestic, family setting 家庭环境 
elderly people living in a domestic setting 住在家里的老人 
The hospital is an unlikely setting for an art auction. 医院不太可能成为艺术品拍卖的场所。
The park provides the perfect setting for the play. 公园为这部戏提供了极为适宜的场景。
a hotel in a beautiful mountain setting 坐落在优美山景中的旅馆 
the perfect setting for a picnic 野餐的理想地点 
The site creates a dramatic setting for the new building. 该地点为这一新建筑提供了一个引人注目的环境。
a dramatic setting in Cornwall 设置在康沃尔的戏剧场景 
the urban setting of Manhattan 曼哈顿的都市背景
a place setting 一个座位的整套餐具
Schubert's setting of a poem by Goethe 舒伯特为歌德的一首诗谱的曲
rural, ideal, beautiful, idyllic setting 乡村环境；理想的环境；优美的环境；田园环境 
wild animals in their natural setting 自然环境中的野生动物 
a hotel in a beautiful mountain setting 坐落在优美山景中的旅馆
The performance of the engine was tested at different settings. 对引擎的性能在不同的档上做了试验。
You can boil the fish fillets on a high setting. 可以用高火煮无骨鱼片。
The oven should be at a high setting. 烤箱应调至高档。
network, security setting（均为计算机术语）网络设置；安全设置 
difficulty setting（电脑游戏的）难度设置 
The game has multiple difficulty settings. 这款游戏有多个难度级别设置。
