mobile						可移动的，适应性强的
solidarity				团结
glue										胶水，目不转睛
misguided				受误导的
vigorous				有力的，强健的，坚决的
cricket				蟋蟀，板球
novice				新手
likelihood				可能性
premium					附加费，优质的
genial				欢快的，友好的
ludicrous			荒唐可笑的
prestigious			有声望的
oblique				倾斜的，间接的
overhear				无意中听到
anticipation			预料，期望
chaste				贞洁的，纯洁的
explore					勘查，探索
pungent				刺激的，尖锐的
indulge					纵容，满足，沉溺
simplify							简化
vicious				凶狠的，恶毒的，剧烈的
counterbalance		对...起平衡作用，平衡重物
kit					成套工具，装备
shrub				灌木
sceptical									怀疑的
comprise			由...构成，组成
pathetic			可怜的，严重不足的，无用的
mall						购物中心
manipulate					操纵，控制，篡改
rational						理性的，合理的
\\\\\\\\

adj. 1 常用于名词前，非固定于一地，且可被方便快捷地移动的:
2 常不用于名词前，（人）能够轻松地到处移动（如走动）的，如行动方便的，腿脚灵便的:
3（人）易于变换自己的社会阶层、工作岗位或居住地的，即流动性的:
adj.（脸或面部特征）易于变化且经常变化的:
n. [C] 线绳悬挂着一些小物件所构成的一个小装饰品，悬挂在天花板上，可随风摆动。如风铃:
n. [C] [英] 移动电话，手机，相当于mobile phone:
adj. 常不用于名词前，（人）能够轻松地到处移动（如走动）的，如行动方便的，腿脚灵便的:
adj. 常不用于名词前，（人）能够轻松地到处移动（如走动）的:
mobile |['məʊbaɪl]
mobile equipment 可移动装备 
a mobile shop 流动商店 
The barbecue is fully mobile. 烤架可以整个儿移动。
people who are less mobile 行动不便的人 
Babies start to get mobile around the age of eight months. 婴儿在八个月左右开始爬来爬去。
You really need to be mobile (= have a car) if you live in the country. 如果你住在乡村，你确实要有一辆汽车。
downwardly mobile members of society 社会地位下降的人们 
a geographically mobile population 在各地流动的人口 
Call me on my mobile. 打手机给我。
What’s your mobile number? 你的手机号码是多少？
the mobile networks 移动电话网络公司 
a kitchen especially designed for the people who are less mobile 专门为行动不便的人设计的厨房 
Babies start to get mobile around the age of eight months. 婴儿在八个月左右开始爬来爬去。
You really need to be mobile (= have a car) if you live in the country. 如果你住在乡村，你确实要有一辆汽车。

n. [U] ~ (with sb)（因有相同的感情、观点、目标等而）对…表示支持，如团结、同心同德，尤指政治或国际事务中的团结一致、相互支持:
solidarity |[ˌsɒlɪˈdærəti;美ˌsɑ:l-]
Demonstrations were held as a gesture of solidarity with the hunger strikers. 人们举行示威游行，以表示对绝食抗议者的支持。
Supporters want to march tomorrow to show solidarity with their leaders. 为了显示和领袖的同心同德，支持者们希望明天举行游行。
international, national solidarity 国际社会的的团结一致；全国上下的团结一致 
communal, community, social solidarity 社区团结；社会团结 
class, family, group, human, political, racial, union, working-class solidarity 阶级团结；家庭团结；集体团结；人类团结；政治团结；种族团结；工会团结；工人阶级团结 
Hospital staff staged a protest as a gesture of solidarity with the striking nurses. 医院工作人员举行抗议以示与罢工的护土们团结一致。
The strike fostered a sense of solidarity among the workers. 这次罢工在工人们中间培养了一种团结意识。
Various other groups of workers went on strike in solidarity with the train drivers. 其他不同团体的工人进行罢工以示与火车司机们站在一起。
union solidarity against management 工会团结一致对抗资方 
The conflict fostered solidarity among Arab oil states. 这场冲突促进了阿拉伯石油生产国之间的团结。
He expressed his solidarity with the miners. 他表示与矿工们站在一起。

vt. 在比喻用法中也可指盯着:
glue A and B (together) 用胶水将两个东西粘合在一起，相当于stick:
n. [U, C] 胶水，胶（为一种黏稠物质，起粘合作用）:
n. [U, C] 胶毒，是某些胶水释放出的可以令神经兴奋或产生幻觉的有毒气体:
glue |[ɡlu:]
Her eyes were glued firmly to the computer screen. 她两眼紧盯着电脑屏幕。
vt. glue A (to/onto B) 
She glued the label onto the box. 她把标签贴在箱子上。
Glue the two pieces of cardboard together. 把这两张硬纸板粘在一起。
Make sure the edges are glued down. 一定要把边缘粘牢。
a tube of glue 一管胶水 
He sticks to her like glue.（比喻用法）他形影不离地跟着她。
He took to sniffing glue. 他吸上了胶毒。

adj.（观点、计划）受错误思想引导的；（人）被错误地引导的，因理解错误（或判断错误）而搞错的:
misguided |[ˌmɪsˈgaɪdɪd]
In a misguided attempt to be funny, he manages only offensiveness. 他本想表现得风趣一点，却弄巧成拙地冒犯了别人。
He is misguided in expecting honesty from her. 他误以为她能够以诚相待。
She only did it in a misguided attempt to help. 她是要帮忙，只是想法不对头。
Their approach to the problem is fundamentally misguided. 他们解决问题的方法从根本上说是在错误思想的指导下得出的。

adj.（人对某项活动的态度）坚决的:
adj.（人）做事充满精力和热情的；（活动）需要投入很多精力和热情的:
adj. 强壮且健康的:
adj.（身体活动）剧烈的、强度大的（通常做短时的重复性动作）:
vigorous |[ˈvɪgərəs]
a vigorous opponent of the government 坚决反对政府的人 
The group is not vigorous enough in its opposition to the proposals. 该团体对那些提案持异议，但态度不够强硬。
Sir Robert was a strong and vigorous politician. 罗伯特爵士是位坚定而又活跃的政治家。
a vigorous campaign against tax fraud 坚决打击骗税的运动 
Sir Robert was a strong and vigorous politician. 罗伯特爵士是位坚定而又活跃的政治家。
the most vigorous critics of the government 言辞最为激烈的政府批评家们 
They are leading a very vigorous campaign to get the chairman removed. 他们正在领导一次激烈运动，要把主席赶下台。
a vigorous young man 身强力壮的年轻人 
This plant is a vigorous grower. 这种植物生长起来茂盛茁壮。
Very vigorous exercise can increase the risk of heart attacks. 运动太过剧烈会增大心脏病发作的风险。
African dance is vigorous, but full of subtlety. 非洲舞蹈强劲奔放，但又处处透着细腻。
Take vigorous exercise for several hours a week. 每周做几个小时剧烈运动。
He isn't used to such vigorous exercise. 他不习惯这样的剧烈运动。

n. [C] 蟋蟀、蛐蛐儿:
n. [U] 板球运动:
cricket |[ˈkrɪkɪt]
the chirping of crickets 蟋蟀的唧唧叫声 
The only sound was a cricket chirping. 只有蟋蟀唧唧的叫声。
A cricket is singing. 一只蟋蟀在鸣叫。
During the summer term we would play cricket at the village ground. 在夏季学期，我们会在村里的空地上打板球。
the Yorkshire County Cricket Club 约克郡板球俱乐部 
school, village cricket 学校板球赛;村板球赛 
club cricket 俱乐部板球赛 
professional cricket 职业板球赛 
championship, league, test cricket 板球锦标赛；板球联赛；国际板球比赛 
one-day cricket 为期1天的板球赛 
The crowd loves to watch attacking cricket. 观众喜欢看进攻积极的板球比赛。
cricket game, cricket match 板球比赛 
cricket championship, cricket competition 板球锦标赛 
cricket field, cricket ground, cricket pitch 板球场 
cricket ball, cricket bat 板球；板球球板 
cricket pavilion 板球运动员更衣室 
cricket captain, cricket manager, cricket team 板球队队长；板球队教练；板球队 
cricket club 板球俱乐部 
This game marks his comeback to the international cricket scene. 这场比赛标志着他重返国际板球界。
cricket commentator 板球比赛评论员 
cricket memorabilia 板球纪念品

n. [C] 尚未赢过重要赛事的一匹马:
n. [C]（某项技能、工作、情况等的）新手、初学者:
n. [C] 见习修士(或修女):
novice |[ˈnɒvɪs;美ˈnɑ:v-]
I'm a complete novice at skiing. 滑雪我完全是个新手。
I'm still a novice at the sport. 在这项运动上我还是个新手。
computer software for novices/the novice user 给初学者设计的电脑软件 
I'm a novice at these things, Lieutenant. You're the professional. 中尉，做这些事情我是新手，你是行家。
As a novice writer, this is something I'm interested in. 作为初涉写作的人，我对此很感兴趣。
young novice 年轻的新手 
political novice 初涉政坛的人 
The on-screen manual shows the novice user the basics of the program. 屏幕上的使用指南给初用者演示了这个程序的基本用法。
novice pilot, novice sailor, novice teacher 新飞行员；新水手；新教师 
a novice in politics 政界新人

n. 1 [U] 可能、可能性:
2 [sing.] 可能的事:
likelihood |[ˈlaɪklihʊd]
The likelihood of infection is minimal. 感染的可能性极小。
There didn't seem much likelihood of it happening. 这种事情发生的可能性不大。
There is very little likelihood of that happening. 几乎没有发生那种事情的可能。
There's every likelihood that she'll be able to help us. 她极有可能会帮助我们。
Without a guide, there seemed little likelihood of reaching our goal. 如果没有向导，要到达我们的目的地可能性似乎极小。
Taking regular exercise reduces the likelihood of a heart attack. 经常锻炼身体可以降低心脏病发作的几率。
This shouldn't affect the likelihood of you getting the job. 这不应该影响你获得这份工作。
Staff have to calculate continuously the likelihood of danger. 工作人员必须时刻估测危险发生的可能性。
likelihood for success 成功的可能性 
Is there any likelihood of our getting our money back? 我们有可能要回钱吗？
In all likelihood, he'll be fit to play on Saturday. 他极可能恢复健康，参加星期六的比赛。
In all likelihood (= very probably) the meeting will be cancelled. 这次会议十有八九要被取消。
The likelihood is that (= it is likely that) unemployment figures will continue to fall. 很有可能失业人数会继续下降。
But the likelihood is that people would be willing to pay if they were certain that their money was going to a good cause. 但如果人们确切知道自己的钱会用于做善事，他们就可能更愿意掏腰包。
That, as we all know, is not only a possibility but a likelihood. 众所周知，那不仅可能发生，而且是很可能发生。

n. [sing.] at a ~ 被需要但很难获取的，即稀缺的、紧缺的、难以得到的:
n. [C]（基本费用之外的）额外费用、附加费用:
n. [sing.] at a ~ 以高于平常的价格（买进或卖出）:
adj. [只用于名词前] 比通常情况高得非常多的（如昂贵的）:
n. [C]（一次性或分期缴纳的）保险费:
n. [sing.] place/put a high ~ on sb/sth 极为珍视、高度重视:
adj. [只用于名词前] 高品质的:
premium |[ˈpri:miəm]
If space is at a premium, choose adaptable furniture that won't fill the room. 如果空间有限，就选择一些不会把房间占得很满的可改装家具。
Space is at a premium in a one-bedroomed apartment. 单居室公寓的空间是很有限的。
You have to pay a high premium for express delivery. 快递须付高额的附加费。
A premium of 10% is paid out after 20 years. 20年后要付清10%的额外费用。
Even if customers want 'solutions', most are not willing to pay a premium for them. 即使顾客想得到“解决方案”，他们大多数也不愿意为此支付额外费用。
Callers are charged a premium rate of 48p a minute. 打电话要支付每分钟48便士的附加费。
The company is charging a pretty hefty premium for access to their network. 该公司正在对登录其网络收取可观的额外费用。
Electricity companies pay a premium for renewable energy. 电力公司为可再生能源支付额外的费用。
He eventually sold the shares back to the bank at a premium. 他最后以高价把股票回售给银行。
Good hotels are at a premium (= difficult to obtain and therefore expensive). 好的酒店收费高。
bought at a premium of 40% above the current market price 以高于当前市场价格的40%购买 
premium prices 奇高的价格 
At the premium end of the market, business is booming. 高端市场业务繁荣。
a monthly premium of £6.25 每月6.25英镑的保险费 
Intense competition has kept premiums low. 激烈的竞争使得保险费保持在低位。
insurance premium 保险费 
health-care（尤美）, health insurance premium 医疗保险费 
the rising cost of medical malpractice insurance premiums 医疗事故保险费的成本上升 
We're struggling to keep up our premiums. 我们正勉力继续支付保险费。
The insurance company has increased our premiums. 保险公司提高了我们的保险费。
My insurance premiums increase each year. 我的保险费每年增加。
The additional premium costs $1 800 a year. 额外保险费每年要花1,800美元。
premium rate 保险费率 
premium increase 保险费的提高 
the premiums for your pension plan 为你的退休金计划支付的保险费 
Premiums on many cars will go up this year. 今年许多汽车的保险费会上调。
risk premium 风险溢价 
There's a risk premium of probably $10 a barrel built into oil prices. 每桶石油的价格中约有10美元的风险溢价。
equity premium 权益溢价 
equity risk premiums 权益风险溢价
I place a high premium on what someone is like as a person. 我非常重视一个人的人品。
They put a high premium on prevention and primary care. 他们对预防和初级护理极为重视。
The company places a high premium on customer loyalty. 该公司非常重视客户的忠诚度。
premium products 优质产品 
At the premium end of the market, business is booming. 高端市场业务繁荣。
the most popular premium ice cream in this country 这个国家最受欢迎的优质冰激凌

adj. 友好的、亲切的、欢快的。相当于affable:
genial |[ˈdʒi:niəl]
a genial person 和蔼可亲的人 
a genial smile 亲切的微笑 
Bob was always genial and welcoming. 鲍勃总是那么友善热情。
He was a warm-hearted friend and genial host. 他是个热心的朋友，也是友善待客的主人。           

adj. 不合理的；不能当真的:
ludicrous |[ˈlu:dɪkrəs]
a ludicrous suggestion 荒谬的建议 
It was ludicrous to think that the plan could succeed. 认为此计划会取得成功是荒唐的。
It was ludicrous to suggest that the visit could be kept secret. 认为此次访问能够保密是可笑的。
It's a completely ludicrous idea. 这主意真是荒唐透顶。
The whole idea is absolutely ludicrous! 整个想法荒唐至极！
The plot was so simple, it was almost ludicrous. 情节简单得近乎荒唐。

adj. [常用于名词前] 声望高的、有威望的、受尊敬的:
prestigious |[preˈstɪdʒəs]
She won a highly prestigious award. 她赢得了极负盛名的大奖。
a prestigious university 名牌大学 
It's one of the best equipped and most prestigious schools in the country. 这是国内设备最先进、最有威望的学校之一。

n. [C] [英] 斜杠符号，即/:
adj. 1（线）斜的、倾斜的:
2（角度）斜的（即非90°的）:
adj.（言语或行为）间接的、不直截了当的:
oblique |[əˈbli:k]
It lies between the plain and the sea at an oblique angle to the coastline. 它位于平原与大海之间，跟海岸线形成一个斜角。
oblique reference, oblique approach, oblique comment 隐约提及；间接途径；婉转的评论 
It was an oblique reference to his mother. 这影射到了他的母亲。
Mr Golding delivered an oblique warning, talking of the danger of sudden action. 戈尔丁先生谈及草率行事的危险，这是他在委婉地发出警告。

vt.（尤指偶然）听到别人之间的交谈:
overhear |[ˌəʊvəˈhɪə(r);美ˌoʊvərˈhɪr]
I overheard two doctors discussing my case. 我无意中听到两位医生讨论我的病情。
snatches of overheard conversation 偷听到的片言只语 
We talked quietly so as not to be overheard. 我们低声交谈，以免别人听到。
I overheard a conversation between two boys on the bus. 我在公共汽车上无意中听到两个男孩的谈话。
We overheard them arguing. 我们碰巧听到他们吵嘴。
I overheard him say he was going to France. 我偶然听见他说他要去法国。
Excuse me for interrupting, but I couldn't help overhearing what you were saying. 打扰你们很抱歉，但我无意中听到你们的谈话。

n. [U]（尤指对好事的）热切的期盼、期望:
n. [U]（对未来之事的）预料、预计、预见:
anticipation |[ænˌtɪsɪˈpeɪʃn]
happy, eager, excited anticipation 愉快的期盼；殷切的期盼；激动的期盼 
The courtroom was filled with anticipation. 法庭上人们满怀期望的心情。
There's been an atmosphere of anticipation around here for a few days now. 几天来这里一直有一种满怀期待的气氛。
We await the next volume of this superb edition with keen anticipation. 我们殷切期盼着这本精装版下一卷的面世。
We look forward to your lecture with eager anticipation. 我们热切地期待着听您的讲座。
Following weeks of breathless anticipation, the winner was announced. 经过几周的紧张等待，终于宣布了获胜者。
We are full of anticipation, and can't wait to visit you. 我们满怀期待，迫不及待地想去拜访您。
These brief glimpses heightened their anticipation of when they could be together. 几次短暂的相见让他们更加期盼能有相聚的时刻。
There was a sense of anticipation in the audience as the curtain went up for the premiere. 首次公演的幕布升起、观众们满怀期待。
The unexpected news sent a thrill of anticipation through the group. 这个出人意料的消息使整个群体都满怀期待。
He bought extra food in anticipation of more people coming than he'd invited. 他预料来的客人会比邀请的多，就多买了食物。
Troops in the Philippines have been put on full alert in anticipation of trouble during a planned general strike. 因料到在有组织的大罢工期间可能会出现骚乱，菲律宾的军队已进入全面戒备状态。
There is growing anticipation that the chairman will have to resign. 越来越多的人预料主席将不得不辞职。
People are buying extra groceries in anticipation of heavy snowstorms. 人们预计会有强烈暴风雪来袭，正在多购买一些食品杂货。

adj. [正式] 风格简朴的、朴实的、不修饰的:
adj. 1 [旧时] 与任何人均不发生性关系的；只与配偶发生性关系的。即贞洁的:
2 [正式] 不含有性意味的，即纯洁的:
chaste |[tʃeɪst]
chaste clothes 朴素的衣服 
the cool, chaste interior of the hall 清爽朴实的大厅内部           
to remain chaste 保持贞洁 
He did not live a chaste life. 他生活不检点。

vt. 彻底而细致地探究某事物（以期对其了解得更多），相当于analyse:
vt.＆vi. explore (sth) (for sth) 在某片地域或某个国家穿行以期对其进行了解，如勘探、勘察、探索、考察:
vt. 用手（或身体的其他部位）去感觉某事物，如探察，有一种探索的意味:
explore |[ɪk'splɔ:]
These ideas will be explored in more detail in chapter 7. 这些观点将在第7章做更详细的探讨。
These questions have not been fully explored yet. 这些问题还没有充分探讨。
The city is best explored on foot. 最好是徒步考察这个城市。
to explore the land 勘查土地 
companies exploring for oil 石油勘探公司
She explored the sand with her toes. 她用脚趾感觉沙的情况。

adj.（某人的话语，常指批评性的话语）一针见血的、一语道破的:
adj.（味道或气味）强烈的:
pungent |[ˈpʌndʒənt]
pungent criticism 一针见血的批评 
He enjoyed the play's shrewd and pungent social analysis. 他喜欢剧中尖锐机敏、一针见血的社会分析。
the pungent smell of burning rubber 燃烧橡胶产生的刺鼻气味 
The skunk releases a pungent smell as a means of protection. 臭鼬释放出一种刺鼻的气味来保护自己。
The more herbs you use, the more pungent the sauce will be. 用的香草越多，调味汁的味道就越浓烈。
pungent aroma, pungent odour, pungent scent, pungent taste 刺鼻的香气；刺鼻的臭味；刺鼻的气味；浓烈的味道

~ yourself (with sth) 允许自己去做喜欢的事（尤指坏事），如沉湎、沉迷、沉溺:
~ sth（对别人）放纵或听任:
vi. ~ in sth 参加、参与，尤指参与违法活动:
vt. 满足（欲望、兴趣等）:
indulge |[ɪnˈdʌldʒ]
vt.&vi. ~ in sth 
They went into town to indulge in some serious shopping. 他们进城去大肆购物。
He returned to Britain so that he could indulge his passion for football. 他重返英国，为的是可以尽情释放自己对足球的激情。
Only rarely will she indulge in a glass of wine. 她只是偶尔才喝杯红酒,让自己享受一下。
For a special treat, indulge yourself with one of these luxury desserts. 作为特别的款待，你可以在各种美味甜品中任选一种尽情享用。
I indulged myself with a long hot bath. 我尽情享受了一次长时间的热水浴。
She was free to indulge in a little romantic daydreaming. 她肆意沉迷于风花雪月的白日梦中。           
vt. ~ sb (with sth) 
He did not agree with indulging children. 他反对纵容娇惯孩子。
She did not believe in indulging the children with presents. 她认为不能惯着孩子们要什么就给什么。
Her father had always indulged her every whim. 她的父亲总是对她什么奇怪的愿望都予以滿足。
The inheritance enabled him to indulge his passion for art. 这笔遗产使他能够尽情投入他热爱的艺术。

vt. 使某事做起来（或理解起来）容易，如使简化，使简易:
simplify |['sɪmplɪfaɪ]
The whole process has now been greatly simplified. 现在整个流程都大大简化了。
to simplify applications 简化申请程序 
I hope his appointment will simplify matters. 我希望他任命以后事情会好办一些。
a simplified version of the story for young children 供小朋友阅读的一个故事简写本 
He presents the theory in a grossly simplified form. 他极其简明地陈述了这个理论。

adj.（攻击、批评等）充满仇恨和愤怒的，如严厉的:
adj. 1（人或其行为）狂暴的、残酷的:
2（动物）凶猛危险的:
3（攻击、批评等）充满仇恨和愤怒的，如恶毒的、严厉的:
adj. [非正式] 非常糟糕的，如恶劣的、严重的:
vicious |[ˈvɪʃəs]
She wrote me a vicious letter. 她给我写了一封严厉的信。
He was a cruel and vicious man. 他是一个残忍凶狠的男人。
He suffered a vicious attack by a gang of white youths. 他遭到一帮白人青年的残暴袭击。
a particularly vicious and brutal crime 一桩极为残忍、野蛮的罪行 
It is a deliberate, nasty and vicious attack on a young man's character. 这是对一个年轻人品格蓄意的、卑鄙的、恶毒的攻击。
her shrewish temperament and vicious tongue 她暴躁的性格和恶毒的言语 
She wrote me a vicious letter. 她给我写了一封严厉的信。
a vicious headache 剧烈的头痛 
a vicious spiral of rising prices 物价的恶性螺旋形上涨 
The computer wars are going to get vicious over the next few years. 计算机行业的竞争在未来几年将愈演愈烈。           

Something that is a counterbalance to something else counterbalances that thing. 平衡因素; 制衡力
To counterbalance something means to balance or correct it with something that has an equal but opposite effect. 平衡; 抵消
counterbalance |英 ['kaʊntə,bæl(ə)ns]  美 [,kaʊntɚ'bæləns]| n. 平衡力；自动抵销/vt. 使平衡；抵消/
...organizations set up as a counterbalance to groups allied to the ANC....作为对与非洲人国民大会联盟团体制衡而成立的各种组织。
Add honey to counterbalance the acidity.加点蜂蜜以调和酸味。


n. 1 [C, U] 做某事所需要的成套工具、成套设备:
2 [U] [英] 参加某项活动所需要的一套衣服及装备:
n. [U] [英] 参加某项活动所需要的一套衣服及装备:
n. 1 [C, U] 做某事所需要的成套工具、成套设备:
2 [U] [英] 参加某项活动所需要的一套衣服及装备:
n. [C] 一套将被做成…的元件:
n. [C] 建筑构件:
kit |[kɪt]
emergency, first-aid, make-up, medical, mess, repair, sewing, shaving, survival, test, tool kit 应急包；急救箱；化妆箱；医药箱；野战餐具；修理箱；针线包；剃须用具套装；救生包；成套试剂；工具包 
She keeps an emergency medical kit in her car. 她在车里一直放着一个应急医药箱。
Check the acidity of the soil with a test kit. 用成套试剂检测一下土壤的酸度。
In the middle of the stage was a drum kit. 舞台中央是一套鼓。
media（美）, press（尤美）kit 媒体资料包；宣传资料袋 
an electronic press kit that features brief interviews with the movie's actors 一套以影片演员的简短采访为主要内容的电子版新闻发布材料 
There should be a needle and thread in the sewing kit. 针线包中应该有针线。
a well-stocked first aid kit 一套完备的急救用品 
The kit consisted of about twenty cosmetic items and a lady's shaver. 整套工具包括大约20种化妆用品和一个女士褪毛器。
gym, PE, sports kit 健身服；体育锻炼套装；运动装 
diving, football, rugby kit 潜水装；足球服；橄榄球服 
the official supplier of the England team kit 英格兰队队服的官方供应商 
a teddy bear dressed in a replica Real Madrid kit 身着仿制版皇家马德里队队服的泰迪熊 
Chelsea kit 切尔西队的队服 
kit bag背包
gym, PE, sports kit 健身服；体育锻炼套装；运动装 
diving, football, rugby kit 潜水装；足球服；橄榄球服 
the official supplier of the England team kit 英格兰队队服的官方供应商 
a teddy bear dressed in a replica Real Madrid kit 身着仿制版皇家马德里队队服的泰迪熊 
Chelsea kit 切尔西队的队服 
kit bag背包
emergency, first-aid, make-up, medical, mess, repair, sewing, shaving, survival, test, tool kit 应急包；急救箱；化妆箱；医药箱；野战餐具；修理箱；针线包；剃须用具套装；救生包；成套试剂；工具包 
She keeps an emergency medical kit in her car. 她在车里一直放着一个应急医药箱。
Check the acidity of the soil with a test kit. 用成套试剂检测一下土壤的酸度。
In the middle of the stage was a drum kit. 舞台中央是一套鼓。
media（美）, press（尤美）kit 媒体资料包；宣传资料袋 
an electronic press kit that features brief interviews with the movie's actors 一套以影片演员的简短采访为主要内容的电子版新闻发布材料 
There should be a needle and thread in the sewing kit. 针线包中应该有针线。
a well-stocked first aid kit 一套完备的急救用品 
The kit consisted of about twenty cosmetic items and a lady's shaver. 整套工具包括大约20种化妆用品和一个女士褪毛器。
gym, PE, sports kit 健身服；体育锻炼套装；运动装 
diving, football, rugby kit 潜水装；足球服；橄榄球服 
the official supplier of the England team kit 英格兰队队服的官方供应商 
a teddy bear dressed in a replica Real Madrid kit 身着仿制版皇家马德里队队服的泰迪熊 
Chelsea kit 切尔西队的队服 
kit bag背包
a kit for a model plane 一套飞机模型元件 
Her popular pot holder is also available in do-it-yourself kits. 她那广受欢迎的防烫布垫也可以自己购买原料套装自己制作。
construction kit 建构套件 
starter kit 入门套件 
I spent Sunday assembling emergency kits for the expedition. 星期天一整天我都花在了组装探险应急套件上。
Each kit comes with a sealable bag. 每组套件都配有一个可密封的袋子。
The kit contains everything you need to make six candles. 这组套件包含了制作六支蜡烛所需的全部材料。
They built the garage from a kit. 他们用一套配件建成了那个车库。
The doll's house comes in kit form. 这个玩偶房是用配套元件拼装成的。
They built the garage from a kit. 他们用一套配件建成了那个车库。
The doll's house comes in kit form. 这个玩偶房是用配套元件拼装成的。

n. [C] 灌木。相当于bush:
shrub |[ʃrʌb]
deciduous, evergreen shrub 落叶灌木；常绿灌木 
dwarf, large, low, medium-sized, small, tall shrub 矮小灌木；大灌木；低灌木；中型灌木；小灌木；高灌木 
spring-flowering shrub 春季开花的灌木 
flowering shrub 开花灌木 
thorny, woody shrub 带刺灌木；木本灌木 
dense, thick shrub 茂密的灌木 
fast-growing, vigorous shrub 速生灌木；茂盛的灌木 
ornamental, wall shrub 观赏性灌木；长在墙上的灌木 
overgrown shrub 过于繁茂的灌木 
Over-grown deciduous shrubs can be cut back at this time of year. 过于繁茂的落叶灌木可以在每年的这个时候修剪。
shrub species灌木种类 
shrub rose 灌木蔷薇 
The bed is planted with flowering shrubs. 园圃中种有开花灌木。
a variety of shrub 各种各样的灌木

adj. sceptical (about/of sth) 对一种说法（声明或陈述）的真实性表示怀疑的；对某事将要发生表示怀疑的:
sceptical |['skeptɪkl]（英）（美skeptical）
I am sceptical about his chances of winning. 我怀疑他取胜的可能性。
The public remain sceptical of these claims. 公众对这些说法仍持怀疑态度。
They are highly sceptical of political leaders. 他们对政治领导人极不信任。
Many were sceptical as to whether the plan would succeed. 许多人对这个计划能否成功持怀疑态度。

vt.（不用于进行时）是（某事物的）组成部分，即组成、构成。相当于make sth up:
vt.（不用于进行时）（也可用be comprised of）包含（人或事物作为其成员）。相当于consist of:
comprise |[kəmˈpraɪz]
Older people comprise a large proportion of those living in poverty. 在那些生活贫困的人中，老年人占有很大的比例。
Women comprise 44% of hospital medical staff. 女性占医院医护人员的44%。
the multitude of ideas, ambitions and regrets that comprises the culture of Russia today 构成现今俄罗斯文化的众多观点、抱负和遗憾
The collection comprises 327 paintings. 这部画册收有327幅画。
The exhibition comprises 50 oils and watercolours. 展览陈列了50幅油画和水彩画。
The committee is comprised of representatives from both the public and private sectors. 委员会由政府和私人部门的双方代表组成。
The special cabinet committee comprises Mr Brown, Mr Mandelson, and Mr Straw. 特别内阁委员会包括布朗先生、曼德尔森先生和斯特劳先生。

pathetically 差劲地; 无力地
If you describe someone or something as pathetic, you mean that they make you feel impatient or angry, often because they are weak or not very good. 差劲的; 无力的
pathetically 可怜地
If you describe a person or animal as pathetic, you mean that they are sad and weak or helpless, and they make you feel very sorry for them. 可怜的
pathetic |英 [pə'θetɪk]  美 [pə'θɛtɪk]| adj. 可怜的，悲哀的；感伤的；乏味的/
Five women in a group of 18 people is a pathetically small number.18个人中5位女性是个小得可怜的数目。
Don't be so pathetic.别那么差劲。
What pathetic excuses.多么无力的借口！
She was pathetically thin.她那时瘦弱得可怜。
The small group of onlookers presented a pathetic sight.那一小群旁观者显出一幅可怜的样子。
...a pathetic little dog with a curly tail.…一只可怜的卷尾小狗。


n. [C] [尤美] 封闭式的大型购物区，即商场。相当于shopping mall:
mall |[mɔ:l;BritishEnglishalsomæl]
Let's go to the mall. 我们去商场吧。
shopping mall 购物中心 
strip mall（美）（位于商业街的）小型购物中心 
outlet mall 品牌特价购物中心 
suburban mall 郊区商城 
local, regional mall 当地购物中心；地区购物中心 
indoor, outdoor mall 室内商城；露天商城 
pedestrian mall（美）商业步行街 
The website is a virtual shopping mall. 这个网站是一家虚拟商城。
They hit the mall for a wild shopping spree. 他们去商城疯狂购物。
teenagers hanging out at the mall 一在商城闲逛的青少年 
mall store 购物中心的商店 
mall parking lot（美）商城停车场 
mall food court 商城美食区 
mall rat (= a young person who spends a lot of time in malls with their friends）（美，非正式）爱逛商城的年轻人 
mall security, mall security guard 商城安保部门；商城保安 
They reported him to mall security. 他们向商城安保部门举报了他。
They spend a lot of time at the mall. 他们花很多时间逛商场。

vt. ~ (sb into sth/into doing sth) 为贬义用法，表示控制某人或某事物、事件、局势，且常指暗中操控，而受控者还意识不到自己被操控:
vt. 熟练地控制或使用某事物:
vt. 熟练地控制或使用某事物:
vt. 熟练地控制或使用某事物:
vt. [术语] 医学上指正骨、治疗脱臼或对肌肉进行推拿:
manipulate |[məˈnɪpjuleɪt]
She uses her charm to manipulate people. 她利用自身的魅力来摆布别人。
As a politician, he knows how to manipulate public opinion. 身为一位政客，他知道如何左右公众舆论。
to manipulate voters 操纵选民 
She knows how to manipulate the audience. 她知道如何驾驭观众。
They managed to manipulate us into agreeing to help. 他们设法促使我们答应了提供帮助。
Children try to manipulate you. 孩子们试图摆布你。
genetically manipulated organisms 通过基因来控制的生物体 
to control and manipulate events 操控事件 
to manipulate an situation 操控局势 
to manipulate the tax system to evade tax 操控税务系统来逃税          
to manipulate the gears and levers of a machine 熟练地操纵机器的排挡和变速杆 
Computers are very efficient at manipulating information. 计算机在处理信息方面效率极高。
to manipulate a computer 操控电脑 
to manipulate puppets 操纵木偶
to manipulate the gears and levers of a machine 熟练地操纵机器的排挡和变速杆 
Computers are very efficient at manipulating information. 计算机在处理信息方面效率极高。
to manipulate a computer 操控电脑 
to manipulate puppets 操纵木偶
to manipulate the gears and levers of a machine 熟练地操纵机器的排挡和变速杆 
Computers are very efficient at manipulating information. 计算机在处理信息方面效率极高。
to manipulate a computer 操控电脑 
to manipulate puppets 操纵木偶
to manipulate my leg 对我的腿实施推拿术

adj.（行为、思想等）基于理智（而非感情）的:
adj. 1（行为、思想等）基于理智（而非感情）的:
2（人）理智的、头脑清醒的（而非基于感情来做决定的）:
rational |[ˈræʃnəl]
rational argument, rational choice 合理的论点；合理的选择 
rational analysis, rational thought 有道理的分析；有道理的思考 
There is no rational explanation for his actions. 对他的所作所为无法做出合理的解释。
He's asking you to look at both sides of the case and come to a rational decision. 他是要求你看到问题的两面后再做出理性的决定。
Mary was able to short-circuit her stress response by keeping her thoughts calm and rational. 玛丽能够保持头脑清醒理智，因而迅速做出反应。
It all seemed quite rational to me. 在我看来这似乎全都合情合理。
With children working from the age of ten, large families were economically rational. 孩子从十岁就开始工作，多要几个孩子在经济上考虑是合乎情理的。          
He's asking you to look at both sides of the case and come to a rational decision. 他是要求你看到问题的两面后再做出理性的决定。
Mary was able to short-circuit her stress response by keeping her thoughts calm and rational. 玛丽能够保持头脑清醒理智，因而迅速做出反应。
No rational person would ever behave like that. 有头脑的人都不会这样做。
Did he come across as a sane rational person? 他看起来是一个正常而理智的人吗？
Rachel looked calmer and more rational now. 雷切尔现在看上去更加平静、更加理智了。
Try to be rational about it. 尽量理智地对待这件事。
At the time she was perfectly rational. 当时她是十分理智的。
Humans are essentially rational beings. 人在本质上是理性动物。           
