twist							转动，缠绕，弯曲，打结，转折
privacy					不受干扰，隐私
probe					调查，翻寻，探针，探测仪
ambition									志向
shanty					棚屋
devastate					摧毁
acknowledge							承认，认可，感谢
trail							小径，痕迹，垂下，落后，追踪
infant					婴儿，初期的
appointment					约会，任命，职位
auction					拍卖
constrict					收缩，束缚
commercial							商业的，商务的，大型的，广告
equivocal					模棱两可的，难以理解的
anonymous					匿名的
duplicate						复制，重复，副本
farewell					告别，再见
consumer					消费者
welfare							福祉，福利
tributary					支流，支流的
measure						计量制，标准量，措施，评价，测量
wording					措词
spray									飞沫，喷剂，喷，倾泻
fabricate					伪造，生产
eke out					节约使用，竭力维持
might					可能，可以，尽管，但愿
uprising					起义
nominee					被任命者
evict					驱逐
march							齐步走，使行进，进展
\\\\\\\\

vt.＆vi. 1 扭转或转动身体部位（其余部位保持不动）:
2 快速且剧烈地转动或扭动身体，并经常改变方向:
n. [C] 身体的扭动、转动等:
vi. twist (round/around sth) 缠绕在某事物周围生长:
vi.（江河等）弯曲且经常改变方向，如曲折、蜿蜒、盘旋:
n. [C]（江河等的）急转弯处:
vt. 故意曲解某人所说过的话；为得到好处或伤害别人而歪曲事实。相当于misrepresent:
vt. 用手转动或旋转某事物:
n. [C] 用手对某事物进行的转动、旋转:
n. [C] 一个故事或情况的意外转折（或发展）:
vt. 将某事物缠绕在一个物体上。与wind存在一定交集，不过twist还可表示一种“纠缠”的形式:
vi. twist (round/around sth) 缠绕在某事物周围而移动或生长:
vt. 1 把某事物弯曲或扭曲成某一形状。且twist更多情况下表示“扭曲”:
2 twist sth (into sth) 把线等捻（或搓、绞）在一起，使其更长或更粗:
vt.＆vi. 把某事物弯曲或扭曲到一个非正常或非自然的形状或位置:
n. [C] 用手对某事物进行的转动、旋转、拧、捻、搓等:
n. [C] 被扭成某一形状的东西:
vt. 扭伤或崴伤身体部位（尤指脚踝、手腕或膝盖）:
vi.（道路等）弯曲且经常改变方向，如曲折、蜿蜒、盘旋:
n. [C]（道路等的）急转弯处:
twist |[twɪst][twɪst][twɪst]
She twisted slightly in her chair to look up at him. 她在椅子里略转过身抬头朝他望去。
He twisted sideways to face her. 他侧扭过身体去面对着她。
I twisted and turned to avoid being caught. 我左躲右闪免得被捉住。
He managed to twist himself free. 他挣脱了出来。
He managed to twist himself round in the restricted space. 他设法在有限的空间内转过身来。
She fired again and saw the creature twist violently. 她又开了一枪，见那动物剧烈地扭动着躯体。
He gave a shy smile and a little twist of his head. 他羞怯地笑了笑，略微扭了一下头。
a wry twist to her lips 她揶揄地噘了噘嘴
The road twists and turns. 这条路迂回曲折。
the twists and turns of the river 这条河弯弯曲曲的地方
You always twist everything I say. 你总是歪曲我说的每一句话。
to twist the facts 歪曲事实
Twist the knob to the left to open the door. 向左转动手柄把门打开。
Nervously I twisted the ring on my finger. 我紧张地转动着手指上的戒指。
He finished him off with a quick twist of the knife. 他迅速将刀一转结果了他的性命。
The disappearance of a vital witness added a new twist to the case. 一名重要证人失踪，令诉讼出现了新的变数。
a twist of fate 命运的转折 
The movie has some unexpected twists. 这部电影里有一些意想不到的曲折变化。
twist ending（尤美）峰回路转的结局 
a twist in the plot 情节的转折 
the twists and turns of his political career 他政治生涯的一波三折 
the twists and turns in the economy 经济的风云变幻 
classic French dishes with a twist 带有新花样的经典法式佳肴
She twisted a scarf around her head. 她用一条围巾裹住了头。
I twisted the bandage around his leg. 我把他的腿缠上绷带。
Her black hair was twisted up into a knot on the top of her head. 她的黑发盘在头顶挽成一个发髻。
The telephone cable has got twisted. 电话线缠绕在一起了。
A snake was twisting around his arm. 一条蛇缠绕在他的手臂上。
Twist the wire to form a circle. 把铁丝弯成一个环。
They had twisted the sheets into a rope and escaped by climbing down it. 他们把床单绞成绳子，缘绳而下逃走了。
Amanda nervously twisted her hair. 阿曼达紧张地捻着她的头发。
Her face twisted in anger. 她气得脸都变形了。
His mouth twisted bitterly. 他痛苦地歪着嘴。
My stomach twisted into knots. 我的胃扭成了一团。
She gave the lid another twist and it came off. 她又拧了一下，盖儿开了。
He finished him off with a quick twist of the knife. 他迅速将刀一转结果了他的性命。
mineral water with a twist of lemon 加了一片柠檬的矿泉水
He twisted my arm behind my back. 他把我的胳膊扭到背后。
She fell and twisted her ankle. 她摔了一下，把脚脖子崴了。
narrow twisting streets 狭窄弯曲的街道 
a twisting staircase 盘旋而上的楼梯 
the twists and turns of the mountain road 山路的曲折蜿蜒 
a sharp twist in the road 路上的急转弯

n. 1 [U] 隐私；私密:
2 [U] 不受公众干扰的状态:
n. 1 [U] 独处；清静（即不被别人看到或打扰）:
2 [U] 不受公众干扰的状态:
privacy |[ˈprɪvəsi;美ˈpraɪv-]
I value my privacy. 我重视自己的隐私。
an intrusion of privacy（尤英）, an invasion of privacy 对…的隐私权的侵犯 
These phone calls are a gross invasion of privacy. 这些打来的电话是严重侵害个人隐私的行为。
He saw the publication of this book as an embarrassing invasion of his privacy. 他觉得这本书的出版侵犯了他的私生活，让他十分难堪。
an intrusion on (sb's) privacy 对（某人）隐私权的侵犯 
I was able to say goodbye to him in relative privacy. 我得以相对私密地和他告别。
individual, personal privacy 个人隐私 
consumer privacy 消费者的隐私 
We need to have access to health records while protecting patient privacy. 在保护病人隐私的同时，我们需要能接触到他们的健康记录。
He has always jealously guarded his privacy. 他一直小心地保护着自己的隐私。
privacy from prying eyes 不受别人窥视目光的打扰 
He read the letter later in the privacy of his own room. 稍后，他在自己房间里私下读了那封信。
freedom of speech and the right to privacy 言论自由与隐私权 
The press invade people's privacy unjustifiably every day. 每天媒体都会毫无道理地干扰人们的生活。
We need to deliver security without intruding on people's privacy. 我们既需要保证他人安全，同时又不侵犯其隐私。
Thatched pavilions provide shady retreats for relaxing and reading in privacy. 茅草亭是独自放松和读书的阴凉清幽之所。
I want to be left in privacy. 我想一个人待着。
She longed to be in the privacy of her own room. 她渴望待在自己的房间里、没有人干扰。
She was longing for some peace and privacy. 她渴望过清静的私人生活。
The press invade people's privacy unjustifiably every day. 每天媒体都会毫无道理地干扰人们的生活。
I hope I'm not intruding on your privacy. 希望我没打扰你的清静。

vt.（尤指用细长的工具）探查:
vt. 探查敌人的薄弱之处（例如通过用一小股兵力袭击特定区域来探查该区域的敌方兵力情况）:
vi. 做为比喻用法也可指探索或调查:
n. [C] ~ (into sth)（尤用于报章）对某事的彻底而细致的调查、探究:
vt.&vi. 搜寻、搜查一个地方（以找出某人或某事物）:
n. [C] [术语] 科研人员所用的、可以放进某事物内部以进行测试或记录信息的一个小装置，如探测仪:
n. [C]（也可用space probe）不载人的航天探测器:
vt.&vi. ~ (into sth) 为找出秘密或隐藏的信息而询问，如盘问、追问:
n. [C] [术语] 科研人员所用的、可以放进某事物内部以进行测试或记录信息的一个小装置，如探测仪:
n. [C] [术语] 医生用的、对人体内部进行检查的探针:
probe |[prəʊb;美proʊb]
The doctor probed the wound for signs of infection. 医生检查伤口是否有感染的迹象。
The surgeon would pick up his instruments, probe, repair and stitch up again. 外科医生会拿起他的工具，探查、修复然后再重新缝合。
Dr Amid probed around the sensitive area. 阿米德医生在敏感区周围检查。
He probed the mud with his knife. 他用刀子在淤泥里探寻。
The bird uses its long beak to probe for worms. 这支鸟用其长喙探寻虫子。
He probes the enemy's weak positions, ignoring his strongholds. 他侦察敌人兵力薄弱的位置，对其要塞不予理睬。
Squads of prison officers have been probing the rioters' defences. 几队狱警一直都在探察暴乱者的防卫情况。
to probe deeper and deeper into the secrets of the universe 逐渐深入地探索宇宙的奥秘 
The police were probing into her personal life. 警方正在调查她的私生活。
The more they probed into his background, the more inflamed their suspicions would become. 他们越调查他的背景，疑团就越多。
a TV programme that probed government scandals in the 1990s 追查20世纪90年代政府丑闻的电视节目 
For three years, I have probed for understanding. 3年来，我一直都想弄明白。
a police probe into the financial affairs of the company 警方对这家公司财务进行的详细调查
Searchlights probed the night sky. 探照灯扫视着夜空。
A flashlight beam probed the underbrush only yards away from their hiding place. 一束手电筒的光束在离他们的藏身之地只有几码远的灌木丛里搜寻着。
I probed around for some time in the bushes. 我在矮树丛里四处搜寻了一段时间。
Its rings were discovered by telescope from Earth, but space probes later found that spectacular rings surround some other planets. 它的圆环是从地球上用望远镜发现的，但是太空探测器后来又发现了围绕其他一些星球的壮观的圆环。
The Pioneer probes have on board ultraviolet instruments which are measuring light that we can't measure on the earth. “先驱者号”太空探测器上装有紫外线仪器，能够对在地球上探测不到的光进行测量。
He didn't like the media probing into his past. 他不愿意媒体追问他的过去。
a fibre-optic probe 光纤探针

ambition (of being/doing sth)（对于成功、财富、权力等所具有的）野心，雄心，志向，抱负等:
ambition (of being/doing sth) 非常想去做（或去实现）的事情，有时可称为目标，夙愿等，程度较深:
ambition (of being/doing sth) 非常想去做（或去实现）的事情，有时可称为目标，夙愿等，程度较深:
ambition |[æm'bɪʃən]
motivated by personal ambition 为个人野心所驱使 
She’s a woman of driving ambition. 她是一个有远大志向的女子。
artistic, career, political ambition 艺术上的追求；职业追求；政治抱负 
the company’s global ambitions 该公司欲在全球实现的目标 
His burning ambition was to study medicine. 他梦寐以求愿望的是学医。
At last he had realized his life’s ambition. 他最终实现了自己一生的夙愿。
artistic, career, political ambition 艺术上的追求；职业追求；政治抱负 
the company’s global ambitions 该公司欲在全球实现的目标 
His burning ambition was to study medicine. 他梦寐以求愿望的是学医。
At last he had realized his life’s ambition. 他最终实现了自己一生的夙愿。


shanty |英 ['ʃæntɪ]  美 ['ʃænti]| n. （美）棚屋；下等酒馆；海员号子/vi. 居住于小棚屋/



destroy or ruin:毁灭或毁灭
cause (someone) severe and overwhelming shock or grief:cause(someone)严重和压倒性的震惊或悲伤
devastate |ˈdɛvəsteɪt| Verb/:蹂躏,毁灭
the city was devastated by a huge earthquake:这座城市被一场大地震摧毁了
she was devastated by the loss of Damian:她因失去达米安而悲痛欲绝

vt. 认为…属实；认为…拥有某种权威或地位:
vt. 1 承认…属实:
2 acknowledge sb/sth (as sth) 承认某人或某事物拥有某种权威或地位，相当于recognize:
vt. 对自己所得到的帮助向对方给予公开感谢:
vt. 告诉某人你已经收到了其所邮寄或发送给你的东西:
vt. 通过微笑、挥手等方式来表明你已注意到了某人或某事物，可称为致意:
acknowledge |[ək'nɒlɪdӡ]
It is generally acknowledged to be true. 普遍认为那是真的。
He is widely acknowledged as the best player in the world. 普遍认为他是世界最佳球员。
He acknowledged publicly that he might have made a mistake. 他当众承认自己可能犯了个错误。
He was forced to acknowledge the truth. 他被迫承认了实情。
The country acknowledged his claim to the throne. 这个国家承认了他继承王位的权利。
The peace settlement effectively acknowledged the country’s independence. 这一和平协议事实上承认了该国的独立。
I gratefully acknowledge financial support from several local businesses. 我对本地几家企业的资助表示感谢。
Please acknowledge receipt of this letter. 信收到后请复函告知。
I hereby acknowledge receipt of your letter of July 25. 特此告知贵方7月25日之来函已收悉。
I was standing right next to her, but she didn’t even acknowledge me. 我就站在她身边，可是她理都不理我。

n. 1 [C] 某人或某事物留下的一长串的痕迹、踪迹:
2 [C] 尤指打猎时跟踪的足迹、踪迹或气味:
vt.&vi. ~ (by/in sth)（尤用于进行时）（在比赛或竞争中）落后，失败:
vt. 通过寻找线索的方式来追踪、跟踪某人或某事物:
n. [sing.] on the ~ of 努力追踪或寻找某人或某事物:
vi.（尤指跟在别人后面）疲惫地走，没精打采地慢走:
vi.（尤指植物）蔓生、蔓延:
vt.&vi.（被）在某人或某事物后面拖、拉，尤指（被）在地面上拖拽:
n. [sing.] on the ~ of 努力追踪或寻找某人或某事物:
vt. 通过寻找线索的方式来追踪、跟踪某人或某事物:
n. 1 [C] 穿过乡间的一条小路、小径:
2 [C] 有特定用途的一条路线:
trail |[treɪl]
a trail of blood 一连串血迹 
blood, smoke, vapour trail 血迹；烟迹；（飞机在高空飞行时产生的）凝结尾迹象 
muddy trail 泥痕 
wet trail 湿痕 
false trail 伪造的痕迹 
The couple laid a false trail to escape the paparazzi. 为了逃避狗仔队，那对情侣伪造了踪迹。
The tourists left a trail of litter behind them. 游客留下了一路的垃圾。
Everywhere in the house was a sticky trail of orange juice. 家里到处是泼洒的橙汁留下的黏糊糊的痕迹。
The hurricane passed, leaving a trail of devastation in its wake. 飓风过后，满目疮痍。
He left a trail of clues at the scenes of his crimes. 他在犯罪现场留下了一些蛛丝马迹。
They had to find the kidnappers before the trail went cold. 他们必须在线索变得模糊之前找到绑架者。
The hounds were following the fox's trail. 猎犬追踪着狐狸的气味。
The dog had picked up the trail of a rabbit. 狗嗅到了兔子留下的气味。
The fox had crossed a stream, and the hounds lost the trail. 狐狸穿过了小溪，猎狗失去了它的臭迹。
Ants follow a scent trail laid down previously. 蚂蚁循着上次留下的臭迹爬。
Fortunately the trail was still warm (= clear and easy to follow). 庆幸的是痕迹仍然清晰可循。         
United were trailing 2–0 at half-time. 联队在上半场结束时以0:2落后。
He scored again, leaving Dartford trailing 3-0 at the break. 他又进球了，使得中场休息时达特福德队以 3: 0 落后。
We were trailing by five points. 我们落后五分。
The team are now trailing badly in the league. 现在这个队在联赛中远远落后于其他队。
They were trailing by 12 points until the last few minutes of the game. 直到比赛的最后几分钟，他们还落后12分。
The Conservatives are trailing Labour in the opinion polls. 在民意测验中保守党的支持率落后于工党。
The polls showed the Tories trailing behind the Government by 17 per cent. 民调显示，保守党落后于政府 17 个百分点。
This country is still trailing badly in scientific research. 这个国家在科研方面仍然大大滞后。
The police trailed Dale for days. 警方跟踪了戴尔多日。
Two detectives were trailing him. 两个侦探正在追踪他。
I trailed her to a shop in Kensington. 我跟踪她来到肯辛顿的一家商店。          
The police are still on the trail of the escaped prisoner. 警方仍在追捕逃犯。
Detectives had found several new clues and were back on the murderer's trail. 侦探们发现了一些新的线索，又开始追踪凶手。
There was a newspaper on the trail of the story. 有一家报纸在追踪报道此事。
The kids trailed around after us while we shopped for clothes. 我们在商店买衣服时，孩子们无精打采地跟在后面。
I spent a long afternoon trailing behind him. 整个下午我都拖着步子跟在他身后。
He trailed through the wet Manhattan streets. 他没精打采地走过曼哈顿湿漉漉的街道。
I trailed wearily after the others. 我疲惫地拖着步子走在其他人后面。
They spent their lives trailing around the country. 他们一辈子都在这个国家四处漂泊。
trailing plants 蔓生植物 
Computer wires were trailing all over the floor. 地板上布满了计算机的连线。
A jeep trailing a cloud of dust was speeding in my direction. 一辆吉普车拖着一股扬尘，朝我疾驰而来。
She came down the stairs slowly, trailing the coat behind her. 她慢慢走下楼梯，大衣在身后拖曳着。
The bride's dress trailed behind her. 新娘的结婚礼服拖在身后。
He let his fingers trail in the water. 他把手伸进水里，任水流滑过指间。
I trailed my hand in the water as the boat moved along. 我把手放在水里，让小船拖着往前划行。
The police are still on the trail of the escaped prisoner. 警方仍在追捕逃犯。
Detectives had found several new clues and were back on the murderer's trail. 侦探们发现了一些新的线索，又开始追踪凶手。
The police trailed Dale for days. 警方跟踪了戴尔多日。
Two detectives were trailing him. 两个侦探正在追踪他。
forest, mountain, nature, wooded, woodland trail 森林小道；山区小路；通向自然景观的小路；林荫道；林间小径 
The trail wends its way through dark forests. 这条小路穿过黑暗的森林。
He was following a broad trail through the trees. 他沿着林间的一条阔路行进。
bike, biking, cycle（英）, hiking, jogging, mountain bike, ski, snowmobile, walking trail 自行车小径；徒步旅行小道；慢跑小道；山地自行车小道；滑雪道；雪地车道；步行道 
cross-country trail 越野小道 
a tourist trail (= of famous buildings) 游览路线 
This restaurant is off the tourist trail. 这家餐馆不在游客路线上。
campaign, comeback, presidential, winning（英） trail（均为比喻用法） 竞选之路；东山再起之路；总统之路；获胜之路 
politicians on the campaign trail (= travelling around to attract support) 进行巡回宣传的政治人物 
at the end of a hard day on the election trail 选举巡游途中难熬的一天结束之时 
After a disastrous few seasons, the team are on the comeback trail. 经历了几个灾难性的赛季之后，队员的状态正在恢复。
I like to hit the trail early and be finished by eight. 我喜欢早点开始，八点之前就结束。
We did the Inca trail.（非正式）我们走了印加古道。           

adj. [只用于名词前]（组织、运动等）新出现且尚未充分发展的，如初创期的:
n. 1 [C] [正式或术语] 婴儿、幼儿:
2 [C]（英国和澳大利亚的教育）四岁到七岁之间的学童:
adj. [只用于名词前] 供婴儿用的:
infant |[ˈɪnfənt]
infant industries 新兴工业 
The infant company was based in Germany. 这家新公司总部在德国。
the infant health service 处于初期阶段的公共医疗卫生服务
a nursery for infants under two 两岁以下婴幼儿的托儿所 
She was seriously ill as an infant. 她年幼时曾患重病。
Mozart was an infant prodigy (= a child with unusual ability). 莫扎特是个神童。
young mums with infants in prams 用婴儿车推着宝宝的年轻妈妈 
He is studying hearing in very young infants. 他在研究新生婴儿的听力。
month-old, two-month-old infant 一个月大的婴儿；两个月大的婴儿 
newborn infant 新生儿 
premature, preterm infant 早产儿 
full-term infant 足月出生的婴儿 
low-birthweight infant 出生时体重过低的婴儿 
human infant 人类的婴儿 
female, male infant 女婴；男婴 
Marjorie looked down at the sleeping infant in her arms. 玛乔丽低头看了看怀里熟睡的婴儿。
infant death, infant mortality 婴儿夭折；婴儿死亡率 
infant child, infant daughter, infant son 婴孩;（某人的）女婴;（某人的）男婴 
The family were forced to flee with their infant son. 那家人被迫带着他们尚在襁褓中的儿子逃走了。
an infant school 幼儿学校 
infant teachers 幼儿教师 
I've known her since we were in the infants (= at infant school). 从幼儿学校时我就认识她了。
infant formula (= milk for babies) 婴儿配方奶粉 
an infant carrier in the back of a car 汽车后部的婴儿座椅

n. [C] [尤英] 责任岗位、职位:
n. [C] appointment (with sb) 正式安排在某个时间去会见或拜访某人（尤指与其工作相关），即约定，预约:
n. [C, U] appointment (as/to sth)对某一职位所进行的任命或委任；被任命或被委任:
appointment |[ə'pɒɪntmənt]
permanent, temporary appointment 永久职位；临时职位 
full-time, part-time appointment 全职职位；兼职职位 
senior appointment 高级职位 
public appointment（英）公职 
cabinet appointment 内阁职位 
executive appointment 行政职位 
university appointment 大学职位
She made an appointment for her son to see the doctor. 她为儿子约定了看医生的时间。
Patients may be charged for missed appointments. 如果爽约，病人可能要付费。
to keep an appointment 准时赴约 
Viewing is by appointment only. 参观必须预约。
hair appointment 理发预约
his appointment as principal 他担任校长的任命

n. [C, U] 拍卖:
auction |[ˈɔ:kʃn;ˈɒk-;美ˈɔ:k-]
public auction 公开拍卖 
charity auction 慈善拍卖 
Internet, online auction 互联网拍卖；网上拍卖 
reverse（尤美）, sealed-bid（尤美）, sealed-offer（美）, silent auction 反向拍卖；密封拍卖；密封报价拍卖；无声拍卖 
In a reverse auction, the price is driven steadily down. 在反向拍卖中，物品的拍价不断下调。
art, cattle, furniture auction 艺术品的拍卖；牛的拍卖；家具的拍卖 
The estate is holding an auction to raise money. 这个庄园将举行拍卖以募集资金。
My father will be conducting the auction tomorrow. 我父亲将主持明天的拍卖会。
He regularly attended auctions. 他定期参加拍卖会。
The horse will be put up for public auction. 这匹马将被公开拍卖。
The paintings will come up for auction next month. 这些画将在下个月拍卖。
auction house, auction room（尤英）拍卖行 
auction item 拍卖物品 
auction catalogue 拍卖品目录 
auction price 拍卖价 
auction market, auction mart（英）, auction sale 拍卖市场；拍卖 
I try to buy furniture at auctions because it is cheaper that way. 我尽量在拍卖会上买家具，因为那样较便宜。
The house was sold at auction for half a million pounds. 这所房子以50万英镑拍卖了出去。
a bargain that she had picked up at auction 她在拍卖会上买到的便宜货 
The goods were put up for sale by auction. 这些商品以拍卖的方式出售。
an auction of paintings 绘画拍卖会 
The house is up for auction (= will be sold at an auction). 这所房子将被拍卖。
A classic Rolls Royce fetched (= was sold for) £25 000 at auction. 一辆古典式劳斯莱斯轿车拍卖了25 000英镑。
an Internet auction site 互联网拍卖网站 
Lord Salisbury bought the picture at auction in London some years ago. 几年前，索尔兹伯里勋爵在伦敦拍得了这幅画。
Britain's two main auction houses, Sotheby's and Christies, have been involved in valuing the works. 英国最大的两家拍卖行，苏富比和佳士得参与了对这些作品的估价。

vt.&vi.（使）变得更紧或更窄，如收缩:
vt. 对某人所能做的事情进行限制、约束:
constrict |[kənˈstrɪkt]
Her throat constricted and she swallowed hard. 她喉咙发紧，使劲地咽了一下唾沫。
a drug that constricts the blood vessels 收缩血管的药
Film-makers of the time were constricted by the censors. 那时的电影制作人受到了审查官的限制。
constricting rules and regulations 具有约束性的规章制度 
She objects to the tests the Government's advisers have devised because they constrict her teaching style. 她反对政府顾问设计的考试，因为这些考试限制了她的教学风格。
Men and women alike have been constricted by traditional sexual roles. 男性和女性同样受到传统性别角色的束缚。           

adj. 1 与买卖货品或服务相关的，即商业的，贸易的，常作前置定语:
2 营利的，或以营利为目的的，即商业性的，只作前置定语:
3 与质量、产品研发或公共服务相比，更关注利润和市场的，即商业化的，含贬义:
4 商用的:
5（电视或广播电台）以发布商业广告为生（或牟利）的，即商业性的:
adj.（电视或广播电台）以发布商业广告为生（或牟利）的，即商业性的:
n. [C] 广播电台或电视上播放的一条广告:
commercial |[kə'mə:ʃl]
the commercial heart of the city 该城市的商业中心 
commercial baby foods 市面上的婴儿食品 
commercial flights 商业飞行 
The movie was not a commercial success. 这部电影票房收入不佳。
Their more recent music is far too commercial. 他们最近的音乐过分商业化了。
commercial vehicle 商用车辆 
commercial radio station, commercial TV channel 商业电台；商业电视频道
commercial radio station, commercial TV channel 商业电台；商业电视频道 
radio, TV commercial 电台广告；电视广告 
car commercial 汽车广告 
30-second commercial 30秒广告 
campaign commercial（美）竞选广告 
The actress decided to do commercials. 这位女演员决定去拍商业广告。
The company has made commercials for leading car manufacturers. 这家公司为一流的汽车生产商制作过广告。
The movie was full of commercial breaks. 这部电影里插播了好多广告。
She’s in a commercial for cars. 她出现在一个汽车广告中。

adj. [正式]（言语或陈述）含义模棱两可的、不明确的、可以从不止一个角度来理解的:
adj. [正式]（行动或行为常因自相矛盾而）难以理解的；难以解释清楚的:
equivocal |[ɪˈkwɪvəkl]
She gave an equivocal answer, typical of a politician. 她的回答模棱两可，是典型的政客做法。
Many were equivocal about the idea. 很多人对这一观点都含糊其词。
His equivocal response has done nothing to dampen the speculation. 他模棱两可的回应丝毫没有消除人们的猜疑。
The experiments produced equivocal results. 这些实验产生的结果难以理解。
Research in this area is somewhat equivocal. 这个领域的研究有点难以理解。
He was tortured by an awareness of the equivocal nature of his position. 意识到自己的立场本身难以解释清楚，他备受折磨。

adj. 1（人）名字不公开的，如匿名的:
2（缩写为anon.）（某事物）匿名的、不具名的:
adj. 没有任何特色的:
anonymous |[əˈnɒnɪməs;美əˈnɑ:n-]
an anonymous donor 不知姓名的捐赠者 
The money was donated by a local businessman who wishes to remain anonymous. 这笔款子是当地一位不愿透露姓名的企业家捐赠的。
An anonymous benefactor stepped in to provide the prize money. 一个匿名捐助者施以援手提供了奖金。
the largely anonymous perpetrators of terrorist acts 恐怖事件中一般姓名不为人知的罪犯 
You can remain anonymous if you wish. 你愿意的话可以不透露姓名。
My client wishes to remain anonymous. 我的客户不希望公开姓名。
an anonymous letter 匿名信 
Of course, that would have to be by anonymous vote. 当然，那必须通过不记名投票的方式。
long stretches of dull and anonymous countryside 大片大片千篇一律、枯燥平淡的乡村 
the most anonymous part of north-west Washington 华盛顿西北部最无特色的地区 
It's nice to stay in a home rather than in an anonymous holiday villa. 呆在家里比呆在单调乏味的度假别墅里要惬意得多。

vt.（尤指不必要时）把某事再做一次:
vt. 精确地复制:
adj. [只用于名词前] 与其它…完全一样的、作为其它事物的复制品的:
n. [C] 在一切细节上完全一样的东西，即复制品:
duplicate |[ˈdju:plɪkeɪt;美ˈdu:-]
There's no point in duplicating work already done. 重复别人已经做过的工作毫无意义。
His task will be to duplicate his success overseas here at home. 他在海外取得了成功，现在的任务就是要在国内再创辉煌。
Scientists hope the work done in collaboration with other researchers may be duplicated elsewhere. 科学家们希望与其他研究人员合作的成果可以适用于别处。
The original experiment cannot be exactly duplicated. 最初的实验不能精确地重现。
a duplicated form 复制的表格 
She found Ned alone in the photocopy room, duplicating some articles. 她发现内德一个人在复印室里复印一些文章。
a business which duplicates video and cinema tapes for the movie makers 为电影制片商复制录像带和影带的行业
He let himself in with a duplicate key. 他用一把复制的钥匙打开门进去。
a duplicate copy of the loan contract 贷款合同的副本 
a duplicate invoice 发票副本 
Is this a duplicate or the original? 这是副本还是正本？
The contract is prepared in duplicate, so that both parties can sign it. 这份合同一式两份，这样双方都可以签署。
The ring was an exact duplicate of her mother's ring. 这枚戒指完全是她母亲戒指的复制品。
We made a duplicate of the key. 我们又配了一把钥匙。

n. [C, U] 向某人告别、辞行:
exclamation. [正式] 再见:
farewell |[ˌfeəˈwel;美ˌferˈwel]
She said her farewells and left. 她告别后就离开了。
fond farewell 深情告别 
emotional, tearful farewell 伤感告别；含泪告别 
sad farewell 悲伤离别 
I said a silent farewell to my home as I left for the city.动身前往那座城市时、我默默向故乡告别。
We bade them a final farewell. 我们向他们作了最后的道别。
I waved farewell to my friends from the deck of the ship. 我站在轮船甲板上向朋友们挥手告别。
The families made their farewells to each other. 这几家人互相道别。
The team was given an emotional farewell by a crowd of 500 000. 多达50万人的人群伤感地为球队送别。
They exchanged fond farewells at the station. 他们在车站相互深情告别。
Is this farewell or will we see each other again? 我们就此作别还是会再见面? 
This famous warplane is about to make its farewell appearance. 这架著名的军用飞机将最后一次亮相。
farewell address, farewell speech 告别演说；告别演讲 
farewell ceremony, farewell concert, farewell performance, farewell tour 告别仪式；告别音乐会，告别演出；告别巡演 
the band's farewell tour 该乐队的告别巡演 
farewell dinner, farewell party 告别晚宴；欢送会 
farewell drink 别酒 
farewell gift, farewell present 道别礼物 
farewell letter, farewell note 告别信；告别留言 
a farewell letter to my family 写给我的家人的告别信 
Let me give her a farewell kiss. 让我和她吻别吧。
He raised his hand in farewell. 他举手道别。
She was sorry to bid farewell to Portugal. 她舍不得离开葡萄牙。

n. [C] 购买商品或服务的一个人（或团体、国家），即消费者:
consumer |[kənˈsju:mə(r);美-ˈsu:-]
sophisticated consumer 老练的消费者 
domestic consumer 国内消费者 
green consumer 有环保意识的消费者 
Health-conscious consumers want more information about the food they buy. 注重身体健康的消费者想得到更多有关他们所购买的食物的信息。
electricity, energy consumer 电力用户；能源用户 
the market for consumer durables 耐用消费品市场 
consumer organization, consumer watchdog 消费者组织；消费者权益保护组织 
consumer culture 消费文化 
a consumer society (= one where buying and selling is considered to be very important) 消费社会 
the consumer prices index（美）, the consumer price index（英）消费品价格指数 
consumer demand, consumer choice, consumer rights 消费者的需求；消费者的选择；消费者的权利 
Mass culture turns audiences into passive consumers. 大众文化把受众都变成了被动消费者。
Tax cuts will boost consumer confidence after the recession. 减税将增强消费者在经济衰退后的信心。
We are the biggest consumer of tropical hardwoods after Japan. 我们是仅次于日本的第二大热带硬木消费国。

n. [U] 一个人、动物或群体的通常意义上的健康、幸福与安全，与well-being近义:
n. 1 [U] 常指由政府提供给需要帮助的人或动物的实际帮助或金钱帮助，即福利:
2 [U] 政府定期向穷人、失业人员、患病者等所发放的社会保障金，此义项尤用于美式英语:
welfare |['welfeə]
child, community, family, human welfare 儿童福祉；社区福祉；家庭幸福；人类福祉 
general welfare 大众福祉 
the welfare of all citizens 全体公民的福祉
state welfare 国家福利 
social welfare 社会福利 
welfare agency, welfare system 福利机构；福利制度 
welfare worker 福利工作者 
welfare benefits, welfare payments 福利；福利金 
welfare budget, welfare spending 福利预算；福利支出 
welfare policy 福利政策 
welfare recipient 领取福利者 
welfare dependency 对福利的依赖 
on welfare（尤美）依靠福利 
to live on welfare 靠社会保障金生活

n. [C]（流入大河或湖泊的）支流:
adj. [只用于名词前] 支流的:
tributary |[ˈtrɪbjətri;美-teri]
the Napo river, a tributary of the Amazon 纳波河，亚马孙河的一条支流 
main, major tributary 主要支流 
The river is fed by several small tributaries. 这条河由几条小支流汇合而成。
a tributary stream 支流 
a small tributary river 一条小支流

n. [C] measure (to do sth)（为达到某一目的所采取的）正式行动，可称为措施。是一个常规用词，最常用:
n. [C] [英]（尤指酒，如白兰地或威士忌）标准的一杯的量:
vt. measure (sb/sth) (for sth)（以标准单位来）测量，度量（尺寸、数量等）。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
Measure the length and width. 测量一下长和宽。linking verb.（尺寸、长度、数量等）量度的数值为…:
n. [C] 测量或计量所用的工具或仪器（如标有刻度单位的尺子、容器等）:
n. 1 [sing.] 表示尺寸、强度、严重程度等的标记，即尺度，标准，程度等:
2 [C, U] 用于度量的单位；计量体系或标准:
3 [C] [英]（尤指酒，如白兰地或威士忌）标准的一杯的量:
vt. 判断（或估量）…的重要性、价值、影响力等，相当于assess:
n. [C] 对…所做的判断或衡量:
n. [C] measure (to do sth)（为达到某一目的所采取的）正式行动，可称为措施。是一个常规用词，最常用:
n. [C] [美] [英用bar]（乐谱的）小节:
n. [sing.] 一定的数量或程度（尤指相当大的量），相当于degree:
measure |['meӡə]
The government is introducing tougher measures to combat crime. 政府正在采取更强硬的措施来打击犯罪。
emergency, temporary, remedial measure 紧急措施；临时措施；补救措施 
protective, safety, security measure 防护措施；安全措施 
a package of measures aimed at cutting pollution 旨在减少污染的一揽子措施
a generous measure of whisky 比标准量稍多一点的威士忌
A ship’s speed is measured in knots. 船速以节测量。
to measure the level of radiation in the atmosphere 测量大气层中的辐射等级 
measuring instruments 测量仪器 
The main bedroom measures 12ft by 15ft. 主卧室宽12英尺，长15英尺。
The pond measures about 2 metres across. 这个池塘宽约2米。
It measures 20 yards from side to side. 从这边到那边的距离为20码。
Sending flowers is a measure of how much you care. 你派人送花就说明你是多么关心。
GDP is a broad measure of a country’s economic activity. 国内生产总值是衡量一个国家经济活动的一个宽泛指标。
weights and measures 度量衡 
The Richter Scale is a measure of ground motion. 里氏震级是测量地动的单位。
liquid measure 液量 
measure of weight 重量的计量 
a generous measure of whisky 比标准量稍多一点的威士忌
The policy’s impact cannot be easily measured. 这一政策的影响难以估量。
The school’s performance is measured against a strict set of criteria. 学校的工作业绩是根据一套严格的标准来衡量的。
Success cannot be measured merely in terms of the size of your salary. 成功与否不能仅以工资的多少来衡量。
an accurate measure of ability 对能力的准确评判 
a good measure of reading comprehension 评判阅读理解力的好方法
The government is introducing tougher measures to combat crime. 政府正在采取更强硬的措施来打击犯罪。
emergency, temporary, remedial measure 紧急措施；临时措施；补救措施 
protective, safety, security measure 防护措施；安全措施 
a package of measures aimed at cutting pollution 旨在减少污染的一揽子措施
The band began playing the opening measures. 乐队开始演奏开头几个小节。
a steady rhythm of four beats to a measure 每小节四拍的稳定节奏
a measure of technical knowledge 一些技术知识 
some measure of success 相当大的成功 
His success was due in large measure to your help. 他的成功很大程度上归功于你的帮助。
He’s been praised and condemned in equal measure. 他得到的赞扬和指责各占一半。

n. [U, C, usually sing.] 文章（或讲话）中的措辞，用词。尤指经过细致琢磨的措辞或用词:
wording |[ˈwɜ:dɪŋ;美ˈwɜ:rd-]
actual, exact, precise wording 准确的措辞 
I can't remember the original wording. 我不记得原话了。
vague, ambiguous wording 模棱两可的措辞 
I understand, but I wouldn't use that exact wording. 我能理解，但我不会使用那么确切的措辞。
We need to think carefully about the wording of the request. 我们需要仔细地考虑请求的措辞。
What's the exact wording of the clause? 这一条款的确切表述是什么?
The wording was deliberately ambiguous. 这里的措辞故意模棱两可。
The two sides failed to agree on the wording of a final report. 双方未能就最终报告的措辞达成一致。
The wording is so vague that no one actually knows what it means. 措辞十分模糊，谁也不知道究竟是什么意思。

n. 1 [C]（作装饰用的）小树枝，小花枝等小的植物枝条（带有叶子和花或浆果）:
2 [C]（穿戴在身上用作饰物的）花或首饰:
n. [C] 喷雾装置或喷雾用的容器，即喷雾器:
n. [U, C] 在空气中飞过的小液滴，如水花；浪花；飞沫:
n. [U, C] 水上的浪花，飞沫:
n. 1 [U, C]（尤用于构成复合词）从容器中被以很多小液滴的形式喷出的一种物质，即喷剂:
2 [C] 喷雾，液体的喷洒:
spray sb/sth (with sth) 向…上喷洒小液滴；喷洒（液体）；（液体）喷出:
vt.&vi. spray sb/sth (with sth) 用力向…上覆盖很多小东西（如抛洒。动作发出者可以是人，也可以是事物本身）:
n. [U, C]（尤用于构成复合词）喷剂:
n. [U, C] 枪械的扫射:
vt.＆vi. 扫射:
spray |[spreɪ]
a spray of orchids 一簇兰花
to use the spray to kill weeds 用喷雾器来除草
sea spray 海上的浪花 
A cloud of fine spray came up from the waterfall. 飞瀑溅起一片水雾。
Spray flew up onto the rocks. 水花飞溅到岩石上。
sea spray 海上的浪花 
A cloud of fine spray came up from the waterfall. 飞瀑溅起一片水雾。
The boat sent a cloud of spray up behind it. 船在身后激起一团水雾。
Spray flew up onto the rocks. 水花飞溅到岩石上。 
a can of insect spray 一罐喷雾杀虫剂 
hair spray 头发喷剂 
fly spray 喷雾灭蝇剂 
nasal spray 喷鼻剂 
pepper spray 胡椒喷雾剂 
spray can 喷雾罐 
spray paint 喷漆 
I gave the plants a quick spray. 我给这些花草略微喷了喷水。
vt.＆vi. spray sth (on/onto/over sb/sth) 
Spray the conditioner onto your wet hair. 往你的湿头发上喷些护发素。
The crops are regularly sprayed with pesticide. 庄稼定期喷洒杀虫剂。
She’s had the car sprayed blue. 她让人把汽车喷成了蓝色。
Champagne sprayed everywhere. 香槟酒喷得到处都是。
Pieces of glass sprayed all over the room. 屋里到处落满了玻璃碎片。
A shower of mustard seeds sprayed into the air. 许多芥籽溅到空中。
nasal spray 喷鼻剂 
aerosol spray 气雾剂
a spray of machine-gun bullets 一阵雨点般的机枪扫射 
The gunman sprayed the building with bullets. 持枪歹徒向那座房子扫射。
to spray bullets into shoppers 朝购物者扫射

vt. [术语] [常用被动式] 利用各种原材料生产货物、制造设备等，相当于manufacture:
vt. [常用被动式] 编造或捏造错误信息（以误导别人）。相当于make up:
fabricate |[ˈfæbrɪkeɪt]
All the tools are fabricated from high quality steel. 所有工具均由精钢制成。
a plant which fabricates airplane components 一家制造飞机配件的工厂
The evidence was totally fabricated. 这个证据纯属伪造。
All four claim that officers fabricated evidence against them. 四人全都声称警察捏造证据陷害他们。
Eleven key officials were hanged on fabricated charges. 11位高官因莫须有的罪名被处以绞刑。

modal verb. [英] 用于礼貌地提出请求:
n. [U] [正式或文学] 强大的力量、能量或影响力，也可叫威力:
modal verb. 用于表示对某人可以做（或本可以做）而未做某事表示生气或不满，即本应该:
modal verb. 用于表明你对某事不感到意外:
modal verb. 用于强调已提出了的一个重点:
modal verb. 1 may的过去式，用于转述某人已说过的话:
2 用于表示某事是可能的:
3 [正式] 用于询问信息:
might |[maɪt]
Might I use your phone? 我可以用一下你的电话吗？
If I might just say something … 要是叫我说… 
Might I make a suggestion? 我可以提个建议么？
Might I ask what you’re doing here? 我可以问问你在这里做什么吗？
America’s military might 美国的军事力量 
I pushed the rock with all my might. 我用尽全力推这块石头。
I think you might at least offer to help! 我认为你至少应该主动提出帮忙吧！
You might have told me that before! 你以前就该告诉我这件事！
I might have guessed it was you! 我一猜就是你！
‘And where is the money coming from?’‘You might well ask!’ “钱又从哪里来呢？”“你这就问到点子上了！”
He said he might come tomorrow. 他说他明天可能来。
He might get there in time, but I can’t be sure. 他有可能准时到达，但我不敢肯定。
You might be right. 你或许是对的。
How might the plans be improved upon? 这些计划还能怎么改进呢？
And who might she be? 那么她会是谁呢？

n. [C] ~ (against sth)（一群人）起义、暴动、造反:
uprising |[ˈʌpraɪzɪŋ]
the failed uprising of 1830 1830年以失败告终的起义 
mass, national uprising 民众起义；民族起义 
bloody, violent uprising 流血起义；暴动 
revolutionary uprising 革命暴动 
military uprising 军事暴动 
peasant, slave, student uprising 农民起义；奴隶暴动；学生暴动 
prison uprising 监狱暴动 
spontaneous uprising 自发的起义 
an uprising led by rebel cleric 由反叛的教士领导的暴动 
He was killed in the Warsaw uprising. 他在华沙起义中遇害。
the 1951 uprising against colonial rule 1951年反抗殖民统治的起义 
an armed uprising against the government 反政府的武装起义 
to crush an uprising, to suppress an uprising 粉碎暴动；镇压暴动 
a popular uprising against the authoritarian government 反对独裁政府的群众暴动 
Isolated attacks in the north-east of the country have now turned into a full-scale uprising. 该国东北部的零星袭击现在已经演变成为全面暴动。

n. 1 [C] 被提名人:
2 [C] 被任命者:
n. [C] [商业]（投资等的）名义持有人:
nominee |[ˌnɒmɪˈni:;美ˌnɑ:m-]
a presidential nominee 被提名为总统候选人的人 
Democratic nominee 民主党的提名人选 
an Oscar nominee 获得奥斯卡提名的人 
His nominee for vice president was elected only after a second ballot. 他提名的副总统在两轮投票后才当选。
I was delighted to be a nominee and to receive such a prestigious award in recognition of our company's achievements. 我很高兴获得提名，也很荣幸接受如此声誉卓越的奖项，这是对我们公司所取得成就的认可。
the nominees for Best Director 获最佳导演提名者 

vt. ~ sb (from sth)（尤指依法）将某人从房屋或土地上驱逐，赶出，逐出（通常因为被驱逐方违法或毁约）:
evict |[ɪˈvɪkt]
A number of tenants have been evicted for not paying the rent. 许多房客因不付房租被赶了出来。
They were evicted from their apartment after their mother became addicted to drugs. 他们的母亲吸毒上瘾后，他们被从公寓里赶了出来。
In the first week, the city police evicted ten families. 在第一周内，该市警方就驱逐了10个家庭。
They were forcibly evicted from their home. 他们被强行逐出家门。

vt.＆vi. 时间推移，常为比喻用法:
n. [C] 时间的推移:
vt.＆vi. 1 坚定而快速地走向某地:
2 迫使某人与你一起同行:
n. [C] 以部队行进的方式来行走:
vt.＆vi. 迫使某人与你一起同行:
n. [C] the march of sth为单数名词，表示某事物的稳步发展或进展，常为比喻用法:
n. [C] 进行曲:
vt.＆vi.（使）士兵以僵硬而有规律的步调走路，即（使）齐步走，行军，或其它主体与此类似的行进方式:
n. [C] 行进，行军:
vt.＆vi. 为了抗议或示威而游行。与demonstrate近义:
n. [C] 抗议游行或示威游行:
march |[mɑːtʃ][mɑːtʃ]
Time marches inexorably on and we still have not made a decision. 时间不断流逝，而我们仍未做决定。
The clock marched onward to the year 2020. 时钟迈向2020年。
the march of time 时间的推移
She marched over to me and demanded an apology. 她毅然走过来，要我向她道歉。
to briskly march 脚步轻快地行进 
They marched proudly onto the football field. 他们自豪地步入足球场。
The guards marched the prisoner away. 卫兵押着囚犯离开了。
There will be a special march past of competitors.（英）参赛者将列队走过主席台。
The guards marched the prisoner away. 卫兵押着囚犯离开了。
the forward march of technology 技术的进步 
the march of history, the march of progress, the march of science 历史的进程；发展的进程；科学的进程 
the steady march towards equality 稳步迈向平等的征程
military march 军队进行曲 
funeral, wedding march 葬礼进行曲；婚礼进行曲 
slow march 徐缓的进行曲
Soldiers were marching up and down. 士兵们来回练习队列行进。
conscripts learning to march in step 正在学习齐步走的入伍者 
Quick march!（口令）齐步走！
They marched 20 miles to reach the capital. 他们行进了20英里才到达首都。
The invading army marched on Rome. 入侵的军队向罗马进发。
long march 长途行军 
forced march 强行军 
fifty-mile march 五十英里的行军 
the army’s line of march 部队的行军路线 
the march eastward 东进 
The army has been on the march for two weeks. 部队已连续行军两个星期了。
to march against the war 游行示威反对战争 
to march for peace 为争取和平而游行 
The demonstrators marched on the British embassy. 示威者向英国大使馆进发。
hunger, peace, protest, victory march 反饥饿游行；反战游行；抗议游行；胜利游行 
peaceful march 和平游行
