embark				上船
questionnaire				调查表
voucher				票券，收据
puzzle							谜，使困惑，苦思冥想
foil					箔，陪衬，挫败
grant								准予，授予，承认，拨款
request								要求
subtle					细微的，精妙的，敏锐的，隐约的
sewer					下水道
consumption				消耗，消费，接受
hence					因此，从现在起
texture						手感，口感，韵味
vary							相异，变化，改变
fleeting					转瞬即逝的
hostage					人质
pledge						诺言，保证，抵押，信物
pry						刺探
synthesis					综合，合成
distress						痛苦，危难
intimidate				恐吓
oppose						反对，抵制
orientate			使朝向，使适应
orientate oneself		确定方位，熟悉环境
ornament				装饰
teem					充满，倾盆而下
precipitate			引发，加速，抛下，沉淀，仓促的
ordeal				磨难
placid				平和的，安静的
conversely				相反的
worthwhile					值得的
realm						王国，领域
\\\\\\\\

vi. embark on/upon sth 从事，着手，开始（新的或艰难的事情）:
vt.&vi. 上船；装船:
embark |[ɪmˈbɑ:k;美ɪmˈbɑ:rk]
She is about to embark on a diplomatic career. 她即将开始外交生涯。
He's embarking on a new career as a writer. 他即将开始新的职业生涯——当一名作家。
The government embarked on a programme of radical economic reform. 政府开始实施一项彻底的经济改革计划。
The company has recently embarked on a new venture. 公司近期创办了一家新企业。
She has already embarked on her studies. 她已经着手进行研究。
She was now ready to embark on her adventure. 她已为探险做好准备。
We stood on the pier and watched as they embarked. 我们站在突码头上目送他们登船。
They embarked the troops by night. 他们让部队在夜里上了船。
They travelled to Portsmouth, where they embarked on the battle cruiser HMS Renown. 他们行至朴次茅斯，在那里登上了英国皇家海军“声望号”战列巡洋舰。
Bob ordered brigade HQ to embark. 鲍勃命令旅指挥部登船。

n. [C] questionnaire (on/about sth) 书面调查问卷（列出一系列问题，由多人解答，用于从答案中收集信息）:
questionnaire |[͵kwestʃə'neə]
online questionnaire 网上问卷 
a questionnaire on the environment 环境问题调查问卷

n. [C] [英]（可用于替代金钱来消费的）代币券，或优惠券、折扣券:
voucher |[ˈvaʊtʃə(r)]
The winners will each receive a voucher for a pair of cinema tickets. 获胜者每人将会获得两张电影票的代金券。
a voucher for children's glasses 儿童眼睛代金券 
a voucher for a free meal 免费用餐券 
This discount voucher entitles you to 10% off your next purchase. 这张优惠券可以使你下次购物时打九折。
food voucher 食品券 
travel voucher 旅游券 
hotel voucher 酒店代金券；酒店订房凭单 
discount, money-off voucher（均英）折扣券；优惠券 
gift, shopping voucher（均英）礼券；购物优惠券 
luncheon voucher（英）午餐券 
education, school voucher 教育券；学券 
housing voucher（美）住房（补贴）券 
The company issues travel vouchers to all managers. 该公司给所有经理都发放了旅游券 
I got a credit voucher for £30. 我得到一张价值30英镑的代金券 
households that receive housing vouchers to pay the rent 收到住房代金券用于支付房租的家庭 
a voucher worth £100 一张价值100英镑的代金券 
a voucher entitling you to a half-price meal 可享受半价餐的代金券 
a 50p money-off voucher redeemable against any future purchase of the product 今后任何时候购买本产品都可抵50便士的优惠券 
voucher plan（美）, voucher program（美）, voucher scheme（英）, voucher system 付款凭单制；传票制；代金券项目；凭证制度 
voucher school, voucher student（均美）学券制学校；享受学券的学生 
publicly financed vouchers for education 用公共资金支持的教育券

vt. 使某人对某事感到迷惑或困惑。也较为常用:
n. 1 [C] 智力问题（也可叫“谜”），智力游戏或智力玩具（需要仔细思考才能答对或拼装正确）:
2 [usually sing.] 难以理解或解释的（或谜一样的）人、事物或事件:
vi. puzzle over sth 对某事苦苦思索或仔细琢磨（以试图去找出答案或做出解释）。不太常用:
puzzle |['pʌzl]
It often puzzles me. 这常常让我不解。
What puzzles me is why he did that. 令我不解的是为什么他会那样做。
crossword, jigsaw（英）puzzle 填字游戏；拼图玩具 
logic, number puzzle 逻辑游戏；数字游戏 
puzzle book 猜谜书 
puzzle game 猜谜游戏 
puzzle piece 拼图的一片 
His death remains a puzzle. 他的死仍然是个谜。
scientific, theoretical puzzle 科学难题；理论难题 
They’re trying to solve the puzzle of how gravity works. 他们在尝试解开重力的作用原理之谜。
The origin of the word is something of a puzzle. 这个词的起源有点儿让人困惑。
I puzzle over every detail of the matter. 我苦苦思索这个问题的每一个细节。

n. [C] ~ (for sb/sth) 起陪衬作用的人或事物:
vt. [常用被动式] 阻止某事（尤指犯法的事）发生；阻止某人做某事:
n. 1 [U]（英式也用silver foil）用于覆盖或包裹某事物（尤用于包装食物）的箔:
2 [U] 覆有箔的纸，即箔纸:
n. [C]（击剑运动用的）花剑（一种又长又细又轻的剑）:
foil |[fɔɪl]
A cold beer is the perfect foil for a curry. 冰镇啤酒是吃咖喱的绝配。
The pale walls provide a perfect foil for the furniture. 浅色的墙壁完全衬托出家具的特色。
She has used mosses as a foil for the bright red flowers in the bed. 她用苔藓来衬托花坛中红艳艳的花。
The couple provided the perfect foil for one another. 这对夫妇非常般配。
He thought of her serenity as a foil for his intemperance. 在他看来，她的平静反衬出了他的放纵。
to foil a plan, to foil a crime, to foil a plot 挫败计划；挫败犯罪；挫败阴谋 
Customs officials foiled an attempt to smuggle the paintings out of the country. 海关关员阻截了一次企图走私画作出境的阴谋。
They were foiled in their attempt to smuggle the paintings. 他们走私绘画作品的企图未能得逞。
A brave police chief foiled an armed robbery on a jewellers' by grabbing the raiders' shotgun. 一位勇敢的警长夺过了意图袭击珠宝店的劫匪手中的猎枪，挫败了这起持械抢劫案。
The idea of building a roof terrace was also foiled by the planning authorities. 建造一个带棚阳台的想法也被规划局否决了。           
aluminium（英）, aluminum（美）, gold, silver, tin foil 铝箔；金箔；银箔；锡箔 
kitchen foil（英）厨用箔 
The chocolates are individually wrapped in gold foil. 巧克力用金箔纸一颗颗独立包装。
I wrapped the sandwiches in foil. 我用箔纸把三明治包起来。
Pour cider around the meat and cover with foil. 在肉周围倒上苹果酒，然后以箔纸覆盖。

vt.（虽然不喜欢或不同意，但）勉强承认某事是真的:
vt.（虽然不喜欢或不同意，但）勉强同意某事是真的:
~ (sb) sth 同意某人的要求，尤指正式地或法律上同意，准予，允许某人的要求。不过grant此时常含有“给予”的色彩，即同意给予:
n. [C] ~ (to do sth) 政府或机构划拨下来的一笔有特定用途的钱款，即拨款:
grant |[grɑ:nt;美grænt]
I grant you (that) it looks good, but it's not exactly practical. 我承认你说的，它好看，可并不实用。
She's a smart woman, I grant you, but she's no genius. 我同意你的观点，她是一个很聪明的女人，但绝不是天才。
The bank finally granted me a £500 loan. 银行终于同意给我贷款500英镑。
My request was granted. 我的请求得到批准。
I was granted permission to visit the palace. 我获准参观宫殿。
She was granted a divorce. 她获准离婚。
France has agreed to grant him political asylum. 法国已经同意给予他政治避难。
It was a Labour government which granted independence to India and Pakistan. 是工党政府同意了印度和巴基斯坦的独立。
the rights expressly granted by the terms of the lease 租约条款明确赋予的权利 
Planning permission was finally granted in October. 规划终于在十月得到了批准。
Permission is hereby granted to reproduce this material. 特此准许复制该材料。
The judge refused to grant him bail. 法官拒绝他保释。
The magistrates granted that the charity was justified in bringing the action. 地方法官认为该慈善机构有理由提起诉讼。
student grants (= to pay for their education) 学生助学金 
He has been awarded a research grant. 他得到一笔研究经费。
They'd got a special grant to encourage research. 他们得到一笔用以鼓励科研的特别经费。
Unfortunately, my application for a grant was rejected. 很遗憾，我的助学金申请被拒绝了。
The school has received a large capital grant to improve its buildings. 学校收到一大笔拨款用以改造校舍。
maintenance grant（英）生活补助金 
emergency grants for special needs for items such as clothing 为衣物之类物品的特别需求而紧急调拨的款项 
discretionary grant 可自由支配的补助 
project grant 项目补助 
You may be eligible for a clothing grant. 你可能有资格申请服装补助。
You can get a grant if you've lived in the area for three years. 在这一地区居住满三年，就可以得到一笔补助金。
The government has awarded a 3.5 million pound grant for the restoration of the opera house. 政府已拨款350万英镑来修缮歌剧院。
The theatre's annual grant from the Arts Council has been cut. 该剧院从艺术委员会得到的年度补助被削减了。
The program offers grants to small businesses. 该计划为小企业提供资助。

vt. [正式] request sth (from sb)（正式或礼貌地）要求某东西（或某人去做某事）:
request (that ...)（正式或礼貌的）要求（某东西）:
2 [C] 你所正式要求的事:
vt. [正式] request sth (from sb)（正式或礼貌地）请求某东西（或某人去做某事）:
request (that ...)（正式或礼貌的）请求（某东西）:
2 [C] 你所正式请求的事:
request |[rɪ'kwest]
You can request a free copy of the leaflet. 你可以索要一份免费的宣传单。
You are requested not to smoke in the restaurant. 请不要在餐馆里吸烟。
We have requested some information from the company. 我们已经要求公司提供一些信息。
They made a request for further aid. 他们要求再给一些帮助。
The writer’s name was withheld by request. 按照作者的要求，其姓名不予公布。
The movie is being shown again by popular request. 应大家的要求，这部影片正在重映。
My request was granted. 我的要求得到了满足。
a radio request programme 电台点播节目 
She requested permission to film at the White House. 她申请准予在白宫拍摄。
her last request before she died 她死前的最后请求 
an urgent request 急切的请求 
an interview request 采访请求 
budget, funding（均尤美）request 预算请求；资金请求 
an extradition request by the US 美国提出的引渡请求 
the request from the plaintiffs 原告的请求 
Catalogues are available on request. 有目录备索。
a radio request programme 电台点播节目 

adj.（气味、味道、声音或颜色）淡淡的、隐约的、柔和的:
adj. [常褒] 不易察觉的、不明显的，如微妙的:
adj.（声音）淡淡的、隐约的:
adj.（气味）淡淡的:
adj.（颜色）淡淡的、柔和的:
adj. 组织得巧妙的:
adj.（味道）淡淡的:
adj. 1（人或其行为）为达成某事而行为机智的、使用间接方法的:
2 头脑敏锐的、能够注意到并理解某事物的:
subtle |[ˈsʌtl]
subtle shades of brown 淡棕色 
subtle colours, subtle flavours, subtle smells 淡淡的色彩；淡淡的味道；淡淡的气味 
delightfully subtle scents 怡人的淡淡香气
There are subtle differences between the two versions. 两个版本之间有一些细微的差异。
infinitely subtle tonal gradations 极其精细的音调梯级 
She's been dropping subtle hints about what she'd like as a present. 她不断隐隐暗示她喜欢什么样的礼物。
the slow and subtle changes that take place in all living things 发生在所有生物身上的缓慢而细微的变化 
Intolerance can take subtler forms too. 过敏反应也可能会表现得很不明显。
subtle smells 淡淡的气味 
delightfully subtle scents 怡人的淡淡香气         
subtle shades of brown 淡棕色 
subtle colours 淡淡的色彩
a subtle plan 巧妙的计划 
a subtle use of lighting in the play 灯光在剧中的巧妙运用
subtle flavours 淡淡的味道；
I decided to try a more subtle approach. 我决定智取。
I even began to exploit him in subtle ways. 我甚至开始巧妙地利用他。
He is a subtle character, you know. 你知道他为人狡猾。
The job required a subtle mind. 那项工作需要一个头脑敏锐的人去做。

A sewer is a large underground channel that carries waste matter and rain water away, usually to a place where it is treated and made harmless. 下水道
sewer |英 ['suːə; 'sjuːə]  美 ['suɚ]| n. 下水道；阴沟；裁缝师/vt. 为…铺设污水管道；用下水道排除…的污水/vi. 清洗污水管/
...the city's sewer system.…该城市的下水道系统。


n. [U]（能量、食物或材料的）消耗；也可指消耗量:
n. [U] 做某事或说某话供某个人（或群体）享用（即使做事者或说话者的内心真实想法非常不同）:
n. [U] 吃；喝:
n. [U] 做某事或说某话供某个人（或群体）享用（即使做事者或说话者的内心真实想法非常不同）:
n. [U] [过时用法] 一种严重的肺病，如肺痨、肺结核:
n. [U]（对商品或服务的）消费:
consumption |[kənˈsʌmpʃn]
electricity, energy, fuel, gas, gasoline（美）, oil, petrol（英）, power consumption 耗电量；能源消耗；燃料消耗；煤气消耗；汽油消耗；石油消耗；电力消耗 
water consumption 水的消耗 
the production of fuel for domestic consumption (= to be used in the country where it is produced) 供国内消耗的燃料生产 
Gas and oil consumption always increases in cold weather. 燃气和燃油的消耗量在天冷时总会增加。
the country with the highest fuel consumption in the world 世界上消耗燃料最多的国家 
Reducing our annual consumption of energy is an important first step. 减少我们的能量年消耗是重要的第一步。
Her speech to party members was not intended for public consumption (= to be heard by the public). 她对党员发表的讲话并不打算公诸大众。
The documents were not for public consumption. 这些文件不对公众公开。
The hardline speech appears to be mostly for domestic consumption. 强硬路线的讲话似乎主要是说给国内人听的。
The report was obviously designed for the consumption of members of the War Committee. 该报告显然是为战争委员会的委员们撰写的。
Most of the wine was unfit for human consumption. 这些酒中大部分都不适于人类饮用。
The average daily consumption of fruit and vegetables is around 200 grams. 每日平均果蔬摄入量约为200克。
The meat was declared unfit for human consumption. 这种肉被宣布不适于人食用。
Doctors say that we need to increase their consumption of fruit and vegetables. 医生们说我们需要多给他们吃水果和蔬菜。
You need to reduce your alcohol consumption. 你要少饮酒。
Her speech to party members was not intended for public consumption (= to be heard by the public). 她对党员发表的讲话并不打算公诸大众。
The documents were not for public consumption. 这些文件不对公众公开。
The hardline speech appears to be mostly for domestic consumption. 强硬路线的讲话似乎主要是说给国内人听的。
The report was obviously designed for the consumption of members of the War Committee. 该报告显然是为战争委员会的委员们撰写的。
Consumption rather than saving has become the central feature of contemporary societies. 现代社会的主要特征是消费而不是储蓄。
Recycling the waste from our increased consumption is better than burning it. 对我们增加消费产生的垃圾进行回收要好过将其焚烧。
The production and consumption of goods and services is the ultimate aim of all economic endeavour. 生产并消费商品和服务是一切经济活动的终极目标。
conspicuous consumption (= buying expensive goods in order to impress people and show how rich you are）炫耀性消费 
It is important that the recovery be export-led rather than led by domestic consumption. 经济复苏应由出口而不是国内消费带动，这一点很重要。
Half of the small crop was kept for home consumption. 不多的粮食收成中，一半被留作国内消费。
household consumption 家庭消费 
individual, personal consumption 个人消费 
mass consumption 大众消费 
public consumption公共消费 
private consumption 私人消费 
households that save for future consumption 为未来消费存钱的家庭 
alcohol, beer, cigarette, drug, food, meat, tobacco, wine 酒类消费；啤酒消费；香烟消费；药品消费；食品消费；肉类消费；葡萄酒消费 
The industry faced a serious challenge in trying to stimulate consumption. 在刺激消费方面，该行业曾面临严峻挑战。
consumption expenditure 消费开支 
consumption levels 消费水平 
consumption rate 消耗率
consumption habits, consumption patterns 消费习惯；消费模式 
consumption goods 消费品 
consumption tax 消费税

adv. [正式] …days, weeks, etc. hence（从现在开始）…天、星期等之后，尤指未来的长时间之后:
adv. [正式] 因此，所以:
hence |[hens]
The true consequences will only be known several years hence. 真正的后果只有在几年之后才能知道。
The gases that may be warming the planet will have their main effect many years hence. 可能正导致地球变暖的那些气体，其主要影响将在多年后显现。
the much larger peacekeeping force that is meant to be fully deployed five months hence. 计划五个月后部署完毕的更大规模的维和部队
We suspect they are trying to hide something, hence the need for an independent inquiry. 我们怀疑他们在企图隐瞒什么事，因此有必要进行独立调查。
The trade imbalance is likely to rise again in 1990. Hence a new set of policy actions will be required soon. 贸易失衡可能会在1990年再次加剧。因此需要很快采取一系列新的政策行动。
Whatever is hidden is harmful (hence revelation equals security). 任何隐藏的东西都是有害的（所以披露就等于安全）。
The Julian calendar was introduced by Julius Caesar and hence carries his name. 儒略历是由尤利乌斯·恺撒推行的，因此就沿用了他的名字。

n. [C, U]（音乐、美术或文学作品的）和谐统一感、神韵:
n. 1 [C, U]（一个表面、一种物质、一片织物的）质地、手感:
2 [C, U]（尤指食品、土壤的）质地、结构、构造:
n. [C, U]（食物或饮料的）口感:
texture |[ˈtekstʃə(r)]
the rich texture of the symphony 这首交响曲优美和谐的乐感 
instrumental, musical, orchestral texture 乐器织体；音乐织体；管弦乐织体 
a piece of music with a dense choral texture 一首带有紧密的合唱织体的曲子 
The very texture of his prose bears the influence of his familiarity with drugs. 他独特的散文风韵显示出他常常在毒品的影响下进行创作的痕迹。
the movie's stunning visual texture 该影片令人惊叹的视觉肌理
The cloth was rough in texture. 这种布料质地粗糙。
the soft texture of velvet 天鹅绒柔软的质地 
She uses a variety of different colours and textures in her wall hangings. 她悬挂的帷幔色彩和质地多姿多彩。
hair, skin texture 头发质地；皮肤质地 
I use a styling gel to give texture to my hair. 我用发胶给头发定型。
Aloe Vera is used in moisturisers to give them a wonderfully silky texture. 芦荟用于润肤霜中，使之具有美妙的丝般润滑感。
Her skin is pale, the texture of fine wax. 她肤色苍白，肤质细腻如蜡。
She pays great attention to the surface texture of her paintings. 她非常重视她的画作的表面质感。
This cheese has an open, crumbly texture with a strong flavour. 这种奶酪多孔松脆，风味浓郁。
Earthworms consume large amounts of soil, and produce a rich humus, perfect in texture. 蚯蚓吃下大量土壤，排出肥力丰富、物理结构理想的腐殖质。
soil texture 土壤质地 
the gritty texture of sand 沙子的粗糙质地
The two cheeses were very different in both taste and texture. 这两种奶酪的味道和口感大不相同。
Sponge cakes have a light texture. 海绵蛋糕口感松软。
the chewy texture of Portobello mushrooms 双孢蘑菇嚼上去肉质肥厚 
It's a pungent little wine with a velvety texture. 这种小酒味冲，口感如天鹅绒般柔和。
She enjoyed the rich texture of the beer. 她喜欢这种啤酒醇厚的口感。

~ (between A and B) 根据情况变化:
vt. 略微改动:
vi. ~ (in sth)（一组类似的事物在大小、形状等方面）不同、有差别:
vary |[ˈveəri;美ˈveri;ˈværi]
vi. ~ (with sth) 
~ (from sth to sth) 
You are welcome to vary the diet. 我们鼓励不时变换饮食。
The menu varies with the season. 菜单随季节而变动。
Prices vary according to the type of room you require. 价格随所要求的户型而有所变化。
The cost of the alcohol duty varies according to the amount of wine in the bottle. 酒税税额随酒瓶容量的大小而有所不同。
Class numbers vary between 25 and 30. 班级的数目从25到30不等。
‘What time do you start work?’ ‘ It varies.’ “你几点钟开始工作？”“没准儿。” 
The speed of the car hardly varied. 汽车的速度几乎没有改变。
the continuously varying intensities of natural light 自然光不断变换的强度 
What can be found will inevitably vary according to the area under study. 因为研究范围不同，研究结果不可避免会有所不同。
Personal preference naturally varies. 个人的偏爱喜好自然各不相同。
The drug is available in several forms, and dosages vary accordingly. 这种药有几种剂型，服用剂量也相应不同。
Dictionaries are produced with specific markets in mind, and their contents vary accordingly. 各种词典根据特定的目标市场编写发行，内容也相应地有所不同。
The availability of good medical care tends to vary inversely with the need for it. 优质医疗服务的可及度往往与需求成反比。
Voting patterns vary geographically. 选举模式因地域而有所不同。
The leaf's size varies widely according to the area where it grows. 叶片的大小按生长地区的不同存在着广泛的差异。
Access to this information varies by social class. 获取这一信息的途径因社会阶层的不同而变化。
Costs are likely to vary depending on where you live. 费用很有可能随居住地的不同而变化。The danger of a heart attack varies with body weight. 心脏病发作的危险随体重而变化。
Gender roles vary across cultures. 不同文化里的性别角色各不相同。
Services offered vary among the main banks. 各大银行提供的服务不尽相同。
The rate of growth varies considerably between different industries. 不同产业的增长率存在相当大的差异。
The doses used vary between 2 and 10mg/kg. 用量从每千克2毫克到10毫克不等。
The situation varies slightly from country to country. 在不同的国家情况稍有不同。
Its speed varies from 20 mph to 35 mph. 速度在每小时20英里至35英里之间变动。
a study of how moral values vary with/over time 对道德价值观如何随时间而变化的研究 
The job enables me to vary the hours I work. 这项工作使我能够调整工作时间。
The students' work varies considerably in quality. 学生作业的质量甚是参差不齐。
The quality of the students' work varies considerably. 学生作业的质量甚是参差不齐。
New techniques were introduced with varying degrees of success. 引进新技术的成功程度不尽相同。
As they're handmade, each one varies slightly. 由于它们是手工制作的，彼此都会有些微小的差异。
The text varies from the earlier versions. 这一文本与较早的版本有些不同。
The sword hardly varied in form from the 12th to the 15th century. 剑的样式从12世纪到15世纪几乎没有什么改变。
Prices can vary enormously. 价格可能有很大不同。
The rooms vary in size. 这些房间大小不一。

lasting for a very short time:持续时间很短
fleeting |ˈfliːtɪŋ| Adjective/:稍纵即逝,转瞬即逝的
for a fleeting moment I saw the face of a boy:一瞬间我看到了一个男孩的脸

n. [C] 人质:
n. [U, C] 受限制的人、不由自主的人。算是一种比喻用法:
hostage |[ˈhɒstɪdʒ;美ˈhɑ:s-]
The gunmen took 24 hostages. 持枪歹徒扣押了24名人质。
diplomatic efforts to get the hostages released 解救人质的外交努力 
to execute, to kill hostages 处死人质 
Three children were taken hostage during the bank robbery. 在银行抢劫案中有三名儿童被扣为人质。
He was taken hostage while on his first foreign assignment as a television journalist. 他第一次作为电视记者出国采访时就被扣作人质。
He was held hostage for almost a year. 他被扣为人质几近一年。
The government is negotiating the release of the hostages. 政府正就释放人质进行谈判。
It is hopeful that two hostages will be freed in the next few days. 有两名人质可望在几天后获释。
With the reduction in foreign investments, the government will be even more a hostage to the whims of the international oil price. 随着外资的减少，政府将更加受制于起伏不定的国际油价。
Wine growers say they've been held hostage to the interests of the cereal and soybean farmers. 葡萄种植兼酿酒者说他们一直都为谷物和大豆种植者的利益所绑架。

vt.&vi. ~ sth (to sb/sth) 正式承诺给予…或做某事:
n. [C] ~ (to do sth) 庄重的承诺、保证；诺言、誓言:
vt.&vi. [美] 宣誓参加美国大学生联谊会:
n. [C] 用于抵押或质押的一笔钱或重要物品:
vt. 用…抵押；以…典押:
pledge |[pledʒ]
Japan has pledged $100 million in humanitarian aid. 日本已承诺提供一亿元人道主义援助。
The French President is pledging $150 million in French aid next year. 法国总统许诺为法国明年的援助经费拨款1.5亿美元。
The government has now pledged £170m over the next six years for improving primary care. 为了改善初级卫生保健工作，政府已承诺在未来六年内拨款1.7亿英镑。
The government pledged their support for the plan. 政府保证支持这项计划。
Mr Dudley has pledged to give any award to charity. 达德利先生已承诺将任何所获的损害赔偿额都捐给慈善机构。
Philip pledges support and offers to help in any way that he can. 菲利普保证给予支持，并主动提出尽其所能提供帮助。
We all had to pledge allegiance to the flag (= state that we are loyal to our country). 我们都必须对国旗宣誓效忠。
The group has pledged to continue campaigning. 这个组织发誓继续投入运动。
The group has pledged that they will continue campaigning. 这个组织发誓他们将继续投入运动。
campaign（美）, election（英）, manifesto（英）pledge 竞选诺言；许诺宣言 
The party's election pledge was to cut income taxes by a third over the next five years. 该党的竞选承诺是在未来五年间削减三分之一的收入所得税。
Will the government honour its election pledge not to raise taxes? 政府会履行它的竞选诺言，不增加税收吗？
spending pledges given by the government（spending为英式用法）政府作出的开支保证 
abstinence, virginity pledge（均尤美）禁欲誓言；童贞誓言 
He took a virginity pledge as a teenager. 作为一名少年，他作出了童贞誓言。
They recited the Pledge of Allegiance.（美国的）他们背通效忠誓词。
manifesto pledges on greater public spending 关于扩大公共开支的宣告 
a pledge of support 支援的许诺 
Management has given a pledge that there will be no job losses this year. 资方保证今年不会削减工作职位。
The meeting ended with a pledge to step up cooperation between the six states of the region. 会议以承诺加快这一地区六国间的合作而结束。
a £1.1m pledge of support from the Spanish ministry of culture 来自西班牙文化部110万英镑的资助许诺
Do you think you'll pledge this semester? 这学期你想加入大学生联谊会吗？
My brother pledged Sigma Nu. 我哥哥宣誓加入西格玛NU联谊会。
He asked her to pledge the house as security for a loan. 他要她拿房子来抵押贷款。

vi. ~ (into sth) 打探别人的隐私:
vt. 从某人口中费力地得到消息:
vt. [尤美] 用力分开…、强行敲开…:
pry |[praɪ]
We do not want people prying into our affairs. 我们不希望别人窥探我们的私事。
I'm sick of you prying into my personal life! 我讨厌你刺探我的私生活！
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to pry. 对不起，我并不想刺探别人的私事。
Imelda might think she was prying. 艾美达可能认为她在刺探别人的隐私。
She tried to keep the children away from the prying eyes of the world's media. 她尽量使孩子们躲开世界上媒体猎奇的目光。
their attempts to pry the names from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms. 他们试图从美国酒精、烟草和武器管理局那里打探到那些名字
They pried open a sticky can of blue paint. 他们撬开了一个黏糊糊的蓝色油漆桶。
I pried the top off a can of chilli. 我揭开一罐辣椒的盖子。

The synthesis of a substance is the production of it by means of chemical or biological reactions. 合成
A synthesis of different ideas or styles is a mixture or combination of these ideas or styles. 结合体
synthesis |英 ['sɪnθɪsɪs]  美 ['sɪnθəsɪs]| n. 综合，[化学] 合成；综合体/
...the genes that regulate the synthesis of these compounds.…控制这些化合物合成的基因。
His novels are a rich synthesis of Balkan history and mythology.他的小说是一个巴尔干半岛的历史和神话的丰富结合。


n. [U]（船、飞机等）遇险、遇难:
n. [U] 深深的悲伤:
vt. 使某人悲伤:
vt. 使某人忧虑、忧伤:
n. [U] 深深的忧虑:
n. [U] 巨大的痛苦:
vt. 使某人痛苦:
n. [U] 巨大的痛苦:
n. [U]（因没有足够的金钱、食物等所引起的）贫困、困苦:
distress |[dɪˈstres]
a distress signal (= a message asking for help) 求救信号 
The sinking ship sent out a distress call. 下沉的船只发出遇险信号。
It is a rule of the sea to help another boat in distress. 救助别的遇难船是海上的规则。
He expressed concern that the ship might be in distress. 他担心船可能会遇险。
The constable received a distress call, and saw two youths attacking his colleague. 这名警察收到了求救呼叫，看见两个年轻人正在殴打他的同事。
medieval ballads about a knight saving a damsel in distress 关于骑士搭救落难女子的中世纪民谣 
The child was clearly in distress. 孩子显然处于危险之中。
She seemed calm and showed no signs of distress. 她似乎很平静，看不出任何悲痛的迹象。
He tried to conceal his distress, but the tremor in his voice was unmistakable. 他尽力掩饰自己的悲痛，但是颤抖的声音却无疑表明了一切。
Hall expressed his distress at the court's failure to uphold his rights. 霍尔对法庭没能维护他的权利表达了悲哀。
her obvious distress at hearing such bad news 听到这么坏的消息时她脸上明显的悲痛 
The president issued a statement expressing her distress over the affair. 总统发表声明表达她对这件事的悲痛。
Her mouth grew stiff with pain and distress. 疼痛和悲伤让她嘴巴发僵。           
It was clear that the letter had deeply distressed her. 这封信显然使她极为悲伤。
Don't distress yourself (= don't worry). 你别犯愁了。
The idea of Toni being in danger distresses him enormously. 想到托尼正处于危险中，他心急如焚。
I did not want to frighten or distress the horse. 我并不想吓到马或惹怒它。          
the personal distress associated with unemployment 失业引致的个人愁苦 
the distress that she felt when her parents argued 她父母争吵时她感到的苦恼 
He dropped out of college, to his family's distress. 他退学了，这让他的家人很苦恼。
Getting old is a source of distress to men and women. 不管是男人还是女人，变老同样都是造成其苦恼的一个原因。
Jealousy causes distress and painful emotions. 嫉妒会带来忧虑和痛苦。
emotional, mental, moral, personal, psychological distress 感情上的痛苦；精神痛苦；道德上的痛苦；个人的忧伤；心理上的痛苦 
the physical distress of hunger 饥饿之苦 
the personal distress associated with unemployment 失业引致的个人愁苦 
the distress that she felt when her parents argued 她父母争吵时她感到的苦恼 
She saw the distress in Christy's eyes. 她从克里斯蒂的眼中看到了痛苦。
Sensing her distress, Luke walked over and patted her shoulder. 卢克感到她在痛苦之中，于是走过去拍了拍她的肩膀。
He dropped out of college, to his family's distress. 他退学了，这让他的家人很苦恼。
Getting old is a source of distress to men and women. 不管是男人还是女人，变老同样都是造成其苦恼的一个原因。
The newspaper article caused the actor considerable distress. 报上的文章给这位演员带来极大的痛苦。
physical distress 皮肉之苦 
the physical distress of hunger 饥饿之苦 
The animals suffer great pain and distress when hunted. 动物被猎捕时会遭受巨大的痛苦。
economic, financial distress 经济困境；财务困境 
The causes of social distress include inadequate housing. 造成社会困境的原因包括住房不足。
marital, relationship distress（均美）婚姻困境；情感困境 
an unhappy young couple in acute relationship distress 一对处于严重情感困境的不快乐的年轻夫妇

vt. ~ sb (into sth/into doing sth) 恐吓；威胁:
intimidate |[ɪnˈtɪmɪdeɪt]
Jones had set out to intimidate and dominate Paul. 琼斯开始恐吓并控制保罗。
Attempts to intimidate people into voting for the governing party did not work. 胁迫人们为执政党投票的企图没有成功。
They were accused of intimidating people into voting for them. 他们被控胁迫选民投他们的票。
She refused to be intimidated by their threats. 她没有被他们的威胁吓倒。
She did not feel intimidated by him. 她并未觉得受到了他的威胁。
psychologically intimidate 心理恐吓 
Dissidents were physically intimidated, threatened, and harshly interrogated. 持不同政见者受到了人身恐吓和威胁，并遭受了粗暴的审讯。
The police had tried to intimidate him into signing a confession. 警方曾试图胁迫他签署认罪书。
He was not a man to be easily intimidated. 他不是一个能被轻易吓倒的人。

vt. 与某人竞争，对垒或角逐:
vt. 强烈不赞成某人的计划、政策等，且尝试将其改变或阻止其成功，即反对、阻挠、抵制（计划、政策等）:
oppose |[ə'pəʊz]
He intends to oppose the prime minister in the leadership election. 在领导选举中，他欲与首相一决高下。
They would vigorously oppose such a policy. 他们强烈反对这一政策。
The ban was initially opposed by the US. 这一禁令首先遭到美国的反对。


orientate |英 ['ɔːrɪənteɪt; 'ɒr-]  美 ['orɪɛntet]| vi. 向东；定向/vt. 给...定位；使适应/



vt. [常用被动式] [正式] 装饰:
n. 1 [C] [正式]（房间、园子、院子等的）装饰品:
2 [U] [正式] 装饰、摆设、点缀:
3 [C] [美] ~ to sth 为…增添光彩的人（或事物）:
n. [C] [正式] 首饰:
ornament |[ˈɔ:nəmənt;美ˈɔ:rn-]
a room richly ornamented with carving 雕饰得富丽堂皇的屋子
china, glass ornament 瓷器装饰品；玻璃装饰品 
a shelf containing a few photographs and ornaments 摆放着几张照片和些许装饰品的架子 
Christmas tree ornaments 圣诞树装饰物 
walls of glass overlaid with ornament 贴着装饰物的玻璃墙 
The clock is simply for ornament; it doesn't work any more. 这架时钟纯属摆设，它再也不走了。
The building is an ornament to the city. 这座建筑物为整个城市增色不少。
I guessed he was the chief because he wore more gold ornaments than the others. 我估计他是酋长，因为他戴的金饰最多。

vi. ~ with sth（通常用be ~ing with）充满着到处移动的人或动物等:
vi.（通常用teeming）（雨）倾泻。相当于pour:
teem |[ti:m]
The streets were teeming with tourists. 大街上游人如织。
For most of the year, the area is teeming with tourists. 一年中大部分时间里，这个地区游人如织。
a river teeming with fish 盛产鱼的河流 
a child teeming with life 充满活力的孩子
The rain was teeming down. 大雨倾盆而下。
It was teeming with rain. 大雨如注。

vt. [正式] ~ sb/sth into sth 迫使某人或某事物突然陷入某种状态:
vt. [正式] 使某事（尤指坏事）突然发生或比预期更快地发生:
adj. [正式]（行动或决定）发生得很快、很突然，且通常未经足够的考虑的，如仓促的、草率的、贸然的:
n. [C] [化学] 化学过程产生的沉淀物、析出物:
n. [C] [化学] 化学过程产生的沉淀物、析出物:
precipitate |[prɪˈsɪpɪteɪt]
The assassination of the president precipitated the country into war. 总统被暗杀使国家骤然陷入战争状态。
His resignation precipitated a leadership crisis. 他的辞职立即引发了领导层的危机。
The killings in Vilnius have precipitated the worst crisis yet. 维尔纽斯的几起谋杀事件导致了迄今为止最严重的危机。
A slight mistake could precipitate a disaster. 小错误可能会招致大灾难。
factor precipitate 因素导致
I don't think we should make precipitate decisions. 我认为我们不应该贸然做出决定。
Many of our current problems have been caused by precipitate policy making in the past. 我们目前的很多问题都是由过去仓猝制定的政策导致的。

n. [usually sing.] ~ (of sth/of doing sth) 磨难、严酷的考验、煎熬、折磨:
ordeal |[ɔ:ˈdi:l;ˈɔ:di:l;美ɔ:rˈd-]
My family has supported me though this whole ordeal. 我的家人支撑着我熬过了这场磨难。
She was subjected to a terrible six-day ordeal. 她经受了六天痛苦折磨。
their 20-hour ordeal at the hands of a gunman（尤英）他们被持枪歹徒控制20小时的痛苦经历 
They are to be spared the ordeal of giving evidence in court. 他们将免受出庭作证的难堪。
The hostages spoke openly about the terrible ordeal they had been through. 人质公开陈述了他们所遭受的非人的折磨。
The interview was less of an ordeal than she'd expected. 面试并非如她想象的那样可怕。
the painful ordeal of the last eight months 过去八个月的痛苦煎熬 
She described her agonising ordeal. 她描述了自己备受折磨的苦难经历。

adj. 1（人、动物、性情）温和的，不易被激怒的:
2（地方、水域）平静的、宁静的、很少运动的:
3（生活）平静的:
placid |[ˈplæsɪd]
placid baby, placid horse 安静的婴儿；驯良的马 
She was a placid child who rarely cried. 她是个性情温和的孩子，很少哭闹。
Marcus remained placid in the face of her outburst. 马库斯面对她的发作保持平静。
placid disposition 平和的性情 
the placid waters of the lake 平静的湖水 
He had been leading a placid life for the past eight years. 他8年来一直过着平静的生活。

You say conversely to indicate that the situation you are about to describe is the opposite or reverse of the one you have just described. 相反地
conversely |英 ['kɒnvɜːslɪ; kən'vɜːslɪ]  美 ['kɑnvɝsli]| adv. 相反地/
Malaysia and Indonesia rely on open markets for forest and fishery products. Conversely, some Asian countries are highly protectionist.马来西亚和印度尼西亚依靠开放的市场获取林业和渔业产品。与之相反的是，一些亚洲国家是高度的保护贸易论者。


worthwhile (doing sth) 站在人的角度，认为…是值得的，值得在其上面花费时间、金钱或努力的，值得费周章的:
worthwhile |['wə:θ'waɪl]
adj. worthwhile (to do sth) 
a worthwhile cause 高尚的事业 
socially worthwhile goals 有社会价值的目标 
The smile on her face made it all worthwhile. 她脸上的笑容使得这一切都非常值得。
High prices in the UK make it worthwhile for buyers to look abroad. 英国的高价足以使买主把视线转向国外。
You might find it worthwhile to consult a lawyer. 你可能会发现向律师咨询很值得。
The gamble seemed hardly worthwhile. 这种冒险似乎并不值得。

n. 1 [C]（活动、兴趣、知识等的）领域:
2 [C] the ~(s) of possibility 可能的范围:
n. [C] [正式] 由一个国王或女王所统治的一个国家，即王国:
realm |[relm]
in the realm of literature 在文学领域内 
Students' interests are mostly limited to the academic realm. 学生们的兴趣大多限于学术领域。
the whole realm of human intellect 人类智慧的全部领域 
international realm 国际领域 
public realm 公共领域 
domestic, private realm 家庭范畴；私人领域 
political, social realm 政治领域；社会范畴 
earthly, material, physical realm 世俗领域；物质世界 
divine, fantasy, heavenly, magical, spiritual, supernatural realm 神界；梦幻世界；天界；魔幻视界；精神领域；超自然范畴 
The research has opened up new realms for investigation. 这一研究开拓了新的探讨领域。
Most readers are likely to lose interest when he descends into the realms of (= starts discussing) rhetorical terminology. 当他转而谈修辞术语时，大多数读者很可能会失去兴趣。
The euro has moved from the realms of theory into reality. 欧元由理论变成了现实。
The idea belongs in the realm of science fiction. 这个想法属于科幻小说的领域。
In the realm of politics different rules sometimes apply. 在政治领域里，有时候适用不同的规则。
At the end of the speech he seemed to be moving into the realms of fantasy. 讲话的最后，他似乎进入了幻想的境地。
A fall of 50 per cent or more on prices is not beyond the realms of possibility. 降价50%或更多并非不可能。
This is a target which is surely within the realm of possibility. 这是一个完全有可能实现的目标。
His ambitions are way beyond the realms of possibility. 他的志向完全不可能实现。
They fought to defend the realm. 他们为保卫王国而战。
wealth acquired outside the realm 在国外获得的财富 
peace within the realm 国内和平 
There was rejoicing throughout the realm. 举国上下一片欢欣。
Royal taxation usually had to be for the defence of the realm. 王室的税收通常要用于国防。           
