metallic				金属的
obvious				明确的，明显的
sentiment				情绪，观点，伤感
harass				不断骚扰，烦扰
constrain						限制，强迫
wretched				悲惨的，极差的
resent				对...感到愤恨
offence						犯罪，冒犯，进攻
precise				清晰的，精确的，恰好的
overlap					部分重叠，相同之处
episode		事件
malice		恶意
palatable	可口的，可接受的
carve					雕刻，切开
mentality		心态
proposition					主张，计划，提议，任务
steep							陡峭的，急剧的，浸泡
hitchhike			免费搭便车
tumour				肿瘤
alliance				结盟
chic					雅致的，时髦的
denomination			教派，面值
frown							皱眉
coerce		强迫
cumbersome		笨重的，笨拙的
credit								信贷，信用，赞扬，归于
rhythm						节奏，韵律，循环往复
crash								碰撞，倒闭，死机
toneless		单调的
\\\\\\\\

Metallic means consisting entirely or partly of metal. 含金属的
Something that tastes metallic has a bitter, unpleasant taste. 金属腥味的
Metallic paint or colours shine like metal. 有金属光泽的
A metallic sound is like the sound of one piece of metal hitting another. (声音) 金属般的
metallic |英 [mɪ'tælɪk]  美 [mə'tælɪk]| adj. 金属的，含金属的/
Even the smallest metallic object, whether a nail file or cigarette lighter, is immediately confiscated.即便是最小的金属物品，不论是指甲锉刀还是打火机，都会立刻被没收。
There was a metallic taste at the back of his throat.他喉咙深处有一股金属的腥味。
He had painted all the wood with metallic silver paint.他把所有木料涂上了有金属光泽的银漆。
There was a metallic click and the gates swung open.一声金属碰撞的咔嗒声后，大门打开了。


adj. 1 obvious (to sb) (that ...) 容易看到的或易于理解的，相当于clear:
2 大多数人所认为或同意的，如公认的、当然的:
adj. [贬] 无趣的、不新鲜的、不表现出想象力的；因对每个人来说都显而易见因而不必要的:
obvious |['ɒbvɪəs]
The answer is perfectly obvious! 答案十分明显！
For obvious reasons, I’d prefer not to give my name. 因为显而易见的原因，我不愿透露自己的姓名。
His manner made it obvious he didn’t like her. 他的态度清楚地表明他不喜欢她。
It soon became obvious that the machine did not work. 机器故障很快就显现出来了。
She was the obvious choice for the job. 她是这一工作的当然人选。
There’s no obvious solution to the problem. 这个问题尚无公认的解决办法。
This seemed the most obvious thing to do. 这似乎是最顺理成章的做法。
The ending was pretty obvious. 结尾十分平淡。
I may be stating the obvious but without more money the project cannot survive. 我这话可能多余，但是不投入更多资金，项目就难以为继。

n. [U] [有时贬]（尤指对过去的事过度或不当的）伤感、柔情、哀伤等:
n. [C, U] [正式]（尤指基于思想或情感的）情绪或态度:
n. [C]（用言辞表达的）观点、见解、感想:
sentiment |[ˈsentɪmənt]
mawkish sentiment（尤英）多愁善感 
The new movie is to be applauded for refusing to drift into mawkish sentiment. 这部新片未落入无病呻吟的俗套，势必会赢得热捧。
Laura kept that letter out of sentiment. 劳拉因无法释怀而一直保留着那封信。
The coronation was an occasion for extravagant myth and sentiment. 加冕典礼是极尽奢华和怀旧的仪式。
There is no room for sentiment in business. 在生意场上心肠不能软。
consumer, investor sentiment（均尤美）消费者情绪；投资者情绪 
bearish, bullish sentiment（均尤美）（股市等的）看跌情绪；看涨情绪 
There was a steep rise in bullish sentiment as foreign investors rushed in. 当外国投资者纷纷进入股市，看涨情绪陡然上升。
nationalist, patriotic sentiment 民族主义情绪；爱国主义情绪 
anti-Japanese sentiment 反日情绪 
anti-war sentiment among the civilian population 平民的反战情绪 
anti-government sentiment 反政府情绪 
Public sentiment rapidly turned anti-American. 公众情绪迅速转变，开始反对美国。
These actions are likely to inflame anti-Western sentiment. 这些行为很可能使人们反西方情绪高涨。
pro-American sentiment 亲美情绪 
racist sentiment 种族主义情绪 
political sentiment 政治情绪 
moral, religious sentiment 道德情感；宗教情感 
The people are renowned for their deep religious sentiment. 这些人以笃信宗教著称。
In the 19th century, anti-Catholic sentiment ran high. 19世纪反天主教情绪高涨。
It would be a mistake to ignore their strong sentiments on the issue. 无视他们在这个问题上的强烈情绪将是个错误。
The killings helped arouse popular sentiment against the organization. 杀戮激起了大众对该组织的敌对情绪。
critical sentiment towards/toward government policy 对政府政策的不满情绪 
Even though I disagree with you, I appreciate the sentiments that prompt you to speak out. 虽然我的看法和你不同，但我很理解你的想法。
He's found growing sentiment for military action. 他发现支持采取军事行动的情绪日益高涨。
This is a sentiment I wholeheartedly agree with. 这种态度我完全赞同。
Public sentiment is against any change to the law. 公众的意见是反对对该法律作任何修改。
I must agree with the sentiments expressed by John Prescott. 我不得不对约翰·普雷斯科特的见解表示赞同。
The Foreign Secretary echoed this sentiment. 外交大臣附和了这一看法。
He agrees with the sentiments expressed in the editorial. 他同意社论所表达的观点。
I think his view reflects the sentiment of a lot of fans. 我想他的观点反映了很多追随者的想法。
public sentiment in favour of state ownership 支持国有制的公众舆论 /‘I don't see why we should change our plans just because of him.’ ‘My sentiments exactly.’“我看不出为什么要因为他而改变我们的计划。”“我也这么想呢。”

vt. [常用被动式] 骚扰、侵扰某人:
vt. 不断攻击敌人:
harass |[ˈhærəs;həˈræs]
She claims she has been sexually harassed at work. 她声称在工作中受到过性骚扰。
A woman reporter complained one of them sexually harassed her in the locker room. 一名女记者投诉说，他们中有一人在更衣室里对她进行性骚扰。
He has complained of being harassed by the police. 他投诉受到警方侵扰。We are almost routinely harassed by the police. 警方几乎隔三差五地就找我们的麻烦。
to racially harass 种族侵扰
to harass the enemy 骚扰敌人 

To constrain someone or something means to limit their development or force them to behave in a particular way. 限制; 迫使
constrain |英 [kən'streɪn]  美 [kən'stren]| vt. 驱使；强迫；束缚/
Women are too often constrained by family commitments and by low expectations.女性往往受家庭职责及低期望值约束。


Someone who feels wretched feels very unhappy. 极不愉快的
You use wretched to describe someone or something that you dislike or feel angry with. 讨厌的
wretched |英 ['retʃɪd]  美 ['rɛtʃɪd]| adj. 可怜的；卑鄙的；令人苦恼或难受的/
I feel really confused and wretched.我真的感到迷惑和难过。
Wretched woman, he thought, why the hell can't she wait?讨厌的女人，他想，她怎么就不能等等呢？


vt.（尤指由于感到不公而）愤愤不平、气愤、愤恨、憎恶:
vt.（尤指由于感到不公而）愤愤不平、气愤、愤恨:
resent |[rɪˈzent]
I deeply resented her criticism. 我对她的批评感到非常气愤。
He bitterly resents being treated like a child. 他十分厌恶被别人当孩子对待。
She resented him making all the decisions. 她讨厌什么事都要听他的。
She resented his making all the decisions.（正式）她讨厌什么事都要听他的。
She resents her mother for being so tough on her. 她怨恨母亲对她太严厉。
I resent being dependent on her. 我很讨厌自己对她的依赖。
She bitterly resented the fact that her husband had been so successful. 她对丈夫如此成功感到愤愤不平。
I deeply resented her criticism. 我对她的批评感到非常气愤。
She bitterly resented the fact that her husband had been so successful. 她对丈夫如此成功感到愤愤不平。

n. [U] 冒犯或侮辱某人:
n. [U]（美）进攻型选手:
n. [U]（美）攻击性打法:
n. [C] offence (against sb/sth) 违法行为，即罪行:
offence |[ə'fens]（美offense）
I meant no offence. 我本无意冒犯。
No offence intended, but are you sure your calculations are right? 请不要见怪，但你确定你的计算准确无误吗？
He takes offence at the slightest joke against him. 一丁点儿玩笑他也会生气。
passers who can initiate the offense 能主动进攻的传球手
to commit an offence 犯罪 
capital offence 死罪 
grave, major, serious offence 严重的罪行；滔天大罪 
lesser, minor, petty, trivial offence 轻微的罪行；轻罪 
alleged offence 涉嫌违法 
first offence 初犯 
statutory offence（英）制定法上的罪行 
arrestable（英）, firing（美）, imprisonable（英）, indictable（英）, punishable offence 够拘捕条件的罪行；可导致解雇的行为；够拘押条件的罪行；可起诉的罪行；应予惩罚的罪行 
criminal, disciplinary（英）offence 刑事犯罪；违纪行为 
driving（英）, political, sex, sexual, terrorist offence 违章驾驶；政治罪；性犯罪；恐怖主义罪 
non-violent（尤美）, violent offence 非暴力犯罪；暴力犯罪 
drug-related offence 涉毒犯罪 
offences against public decency 有伤风化的犯罪行为

adj.（尤指对于小细节）细心以使其精确的，如细致的，认真的，一丝不苟的，相当于meticulous。比exact要常用一些:
adj. 只用于名词前，用于强调某事发生在一个特定的时间，如恰好，就:
adj. 1 清晰且准确的，即确切的，精确的，明确的等，相当于exact:
2 只用于名词前，用于强调某事发生在一个特定的时间（或以特定的方式发生），如恰好，就:
precise |[prɪ'saɪs]
a skilled and precise worker 熟练而认真的工人 
precise movements 细微的动作 
She’s rather prim and precise.（贬义）她拘谨严肃，一丝不苟。
We were just talking about her when, at that precise moment, she walked in. 我们正谈论着她，恰好在这个时候，她走进来了。
precise details, precise instructions, precise measurements 确切的细节；明确的指令；精确的尺寸 
a precise definition 确切的定义 
mathematically, surgically, technically precise 数学上精确；手术上精确；技术上精确 
precise terms 准确的术语 
precise numbers 准确的数字 
I can be precise about the time of the incident. 我可以准确地说出这件事发生的时间。
These estimates will become more precise. 这些估测将更为准确。
We were just talking about her when, at that precise moment, she walked in. 我们正谈论着她，恰好在这个时候，她走进来了。
Doctors found it hard to establish the precise nature of her illness. 医生们难以判定她的确切病因。

n. 1 [C, U] ~ (between sth and sth)（兴趣、知识、责任等的）范围方面的重叠部分:
2 [C, U]（物体的）重叠部分，重叠量:
3 [sing.]（两件事发生的）重叠时间，交接时期:
vt.&vi.（两个物体）部分重叠，交叠:
vt. 使（两个或多个物体）部分重叠:
vt.&vi.（两个事件）在主题、人物、时间等因素上部分重叠:
vt.&vi. ~ (with sth)（兴趣、知识、责任等的）范围的部分重叠:
overlap |[ˌəʊvəˈlæp;美ˌoʊvərˈlæp]
There is (a) considerable overlap between the two subjects. 两门科目之间有相当多的共通之处。
an overlap of 5cm on each roof tile 每片房瓦上5厘米的重叠度 
There will be an overlap of a week while John teaches Ann the job. 将有一周的交接期供约翰向安解释工作性质。
A fish's scales overlap each other. 鱼鳞一片片上下交叠。
The floor was protected with overlapping sheets of newspaper. 地板用一张搭着一张的报纸保护着。
When the bag is folded flat, the bag bottom overlaps one side of the bag. 袋子平整折起后，底面与一侧交叠。
Put the two pieces of paper together so that they overlap slightly. 将这两张纸放在一起让它们稍稍重叠。
You will need to overlap the pieces of wood slightly. 你得使这些木片像鱼鳞片似的搭叠起来。
Overlap the slices carefully so there are no gaps. 将切片小心翼翼地搭好，中间不留任何空隙。
Elizabeth met other Oxford intellectuals some of whom overlapped Naomi's world. 伊丽莎白结识了其他一些牛津大学的学者，其中有几位娜奥米也认识。
Christian holy week overlaps with the beginning of the Jewish holiday of Passover. 基督教的圣周与犹太教逾越节的头几天重叠。
Our jobs overlap slightly, which sometimes causes difficulties. 我们的工作略有重叠，所以有时引起一些困难。
The language of science overlaps with that of everyday life. 有些科学用语也用于日常生活。
a world which overlaps with the newspaper world 与报界交叉的领域 
The two categories overlap to some extent. 这两个范畴有一定的交叉。
terms which overlap slightly in meaning 语义略有重叠的术语

n. [C]（人生的）一段经历:
n. [C]（人生的）一件事件或情况；（小说的）事件或情况:
n. [C] 一个阶段:
n. [C]（电视连续剧或广播连续剧的）一集、（杂志连载故事的）一节:
n. [C] 短暂的患病期、疾病的发作期:
n. [C]（小说的）片段或情况:
episode |[ˈepɪsəʊd;美-soʊd]
I'd like to try and forget the whole episode. 我倒想尽量把那段经历全部忘掉。
Unfortunately it was a rather sordid episode of my life. 不幸的是，这是我人生中非常不光彩的一段经历。
I still remember that episode from my childhood. 我依然记得自己童年时期的那一件事。
This episode is bound to be a deep embarrassment for Washington. 这一事件肯定会让华盛顿非常难堪。
during a brief episode of socialist rule 实行社会主义制度的短暂时期中 
an extraordinary episode in American history 美国历史上一个非同寻常的阶段
The final episode will be shown next Sunday. 下周日将播出最后一集。
It happened in the final episode of ‘Star Trek’. 这件事发生在《星际迷航》的最后一集里。Don't miss next week's exciting episode! 别错过下周激动人心的一集！
classic episode 经典的一集 
pilot episode 试播的一集 
previous episode 上一集 
I caught a few episodes of seasons one and two. 我赶上了第一、二季里面的几集。
The next episode has not yet been filmed. 下一集还未拍摄出来。
people who'd suffered a third episode of depression in two years. 两年内忧郁症三次发作的人 
The new drug lessens the severity of pneumonia episodes. 新药减轻了肺炎发作时的痛苦。
an acute episode of pneumonia 肺炎急性发作期 
She has only told you about the latest episode in a long history of mental illness. 她只对你讲了漫长的精神病史中最近的一段。
recurrent episode（医学）复发阶段 
depressive, manic, psychotic episode（均医学）抑郁发作阶段；躁狂发作阶段；精神病发作阶段
One of the funniest episodes in the book occurs in Chapter 6. 书中最有趣的片段之一在第6章。

n. [U] 对某人的恶意、怨恨:
He bore me no malice.（bear尤为英式用法）他对我没有恶意。/‘You're lying,’ he said, without malice. 他并无恶意地说道:
malice |[ˈmælɪs]
He sent the letter out of malice. 他出于恶意寄出了这封信。
She is entirely without malice. 她完全没有恶意。
There was a strong current of malice in many of his portraits. 他的许多肖像画中都透着一股强烈的怨恨。
There was no malice on his part. 他并无恶意。
I bear no malice towards anybody. 我对谁都没有恶意。

adj.（食物或饮料）可口的、美味的:
adj. ~ (to sb)（想法、方法等）可接受的、合意的:
palatable |[ˈpælətəbl]
flavourings and preservatives, designed to make the food look more palatable 用于使食物看起来更加可口的调味料和防腐剂
Some of the dialogue has been changed to make it more palatable to an American audience. 有些对白有所修改以适应美国观众的口味。
a palatable way of sacking staff 可以接受的裁员方式 
That option is not very palatable. 那个选择不太可以接受。

vt. carve sth (out) (for yourself) 无被动式，指努力工作（以取得职业生涯的成功，或赢得名声等）:
vt.＆vi. 把煮过的肉切成小块以供食用:
vt.＆vi.（用木头或石头）雕刻成物品、图案等:
vt. 在表面上刻写:
carve |[kɑːv]
She has carved a place for herself in the fashion world. 她已在时装界谋得一席之地。
He succeeded in carving out a career in the media. 他已在传媒界闯出了一片天地。
Who’s going to carve the turkey? 谁来把火鸡切成小块？
The statue was carved out of a single piece of stone. 这座雕像是用整块石料雕成的。
She carves in both stone and wood. 她既做石雕也做木雕。
They carved their initials on the desk. 他们把自己姓名的首字母刻在书桌上。

Your mentality is your attitudes and your way of thinking. 心态
mentality |英 [men'tælɪtɪ]  美 [mɛn'tæləti]| n. 心态；[心理] 智力；精神力；头脑作用/
...a criminal mentality.…一种犯罪心态。


n. [C] 打算去做的事情；待处理的问题或任务。尤指（难办或诱人的）事情，任务:
vt. 直接向某人提出性要求，即求欢:
n. [C] [数学] 命题:
n. [C]（尤指业务上的）提议、建议、提出的行动计划（提出建议者和倾听者通常共同执行该提议）:
n. [C] [正式] 观点、见解:
n. [sing.]（也可用Proposition）（美国）法律修正议案:
proposition |[ˌprɒpəˈzɪʃn;美ˌprɑ:p-]
Getting a work permit in the UK is not always a simple proposition. 在英国获得工作许可证往往不是一件简单的事情。
Getting a job is not always a simple proposition. 找工作并不总是一件简单的事。
Even among seasoned mountaineers Pinnacle Ridge is considered quite a tough proposition. 即使在经验丰富的登山者中，平纳克尔峰也被认为是很难攀登的。
Making easy money has always been an attractive proposition. 轻松赚钱总是件诱人的事。
difficult, tricky proposition 棘手的事 
expensive proposition 费钱的事 
all-or-nothing proposition（美）孤注一掷的事 
dangerous, dicey（美）, risky proposition 危险的事；碰运气的事；冒险的事 
Running the business was one thing. Getting it to make a profit was a different proposition altogether. 经营管理企业是一回事，要能使之盈利则完全是另一回事。
She was propositioned by a strange man in the bar. 酒吧里有个陌生男人向她求欢。
He had allegedly tried to proposition a colleague. 据说他曾试图向一名同事求欢。
business, commercial, economic, paying proposition 业务上的提议；商业上的提议；经济方面的提议；带来利润的提议 
I'd like to put a business proposition to you. 我想向您提个业务上的建议。
I want to make you a proposition. 我想给你提一个建议。
He was trying to make it look like an attractive proposition. 他正设法使他的计划显得吸引人。
You came to see me at my office the other day with a business proposition. 几天前你带着一份商业提案来我的办公室见我。
losing proposition（尤美）亏本的提议 
Ring up your agent in New York and put your proposition to him. 给你在纽约的代理人打电话，把你的建议告诉他。
Her assessment is based on the proposition that power corrupts. 她的分析是建立在权力使人堕落的观点上的。
The proposition that democracies do not fight each other is based on a tiny historical sample. 认为民主国家互不争斗的观点是以一个极小的历史样本为根据的。
basic, central, fundamental proposition 基本主张；主要主张 
true proposition 真实看法 
abstract, empirical, existential, general, theoretical proposition 抽象的观点；基于经验的观点；存在主义的论点；总的论点；理论观点 
dubious proposition 可疑的观点 
simple proposition 简单的想法 
a set of proposition 一套主张 
The book puts forward a number of propositions about the nature of language. 这本书对语言的本质提出了一些见解。
How did you vote on Proposition 8? 对于第8项修正案你是怎么投的票？
Vote Yes on Proposition 136, but No on Propositions 129, 133 and 134. 对第136号修正案投赞成票，但对第129号、133号和134号修正案投反对票。

adj. 1（斜坡、山等）陡的；陡峭的:
2 常作前置定语，（数量的上升或下降）突然且大幅度的，即急剧的，相当于sharp:
adj. [非正式]（价格或要求）过高的；过分的；不合理的。相当于expensive:
steep |[sti:p]
steep hill, steep slope, steep bank 陡峭的山；陡坡；陡岸 
steep climb, steep drop 陡直的爬升；陡直的下落 
a steep flight of stairs 一段很陡的楼梯 
The path grew steeper. 路变得更陡了。
a steep decline in the birth rate 出生率的骤降 
a steep rise in unemployment 失业率的激增 
steep price increases 价格的急剧上涨
£2 for a cup of coffee seems a little steep to me. 一杯咖啡2英镑在我看来有点贵得离谱。

hitchhiker 搭免费便车的人
If you hitchhike, you travel by getting rides from passing vehicles without paying. 搭免费便车
hitchhike |英 ['hɪtʃhaɪk]  美 ['hɪtʃ,haɪk]| vt. 要求（搭便车）/vi. 搭便车/n. 搭便车（旅行）/
On my way to Vancouver one Friday night I picked up a hitchhiker.在我去温哥华的那个星期五的晚上，我载了一个搭便车的人。
Neff hitchhiked to New York during his Christmas holiday.内夫在圣诞节休假期间搭免费便车去了纽约。


n. [C]（大量细胞聚集生长所形成的）瘤、肿瘤、肿块:
tumour |[ˈtju:mə(r);美ˈtu:-]
cancerous tumour 癌性肿瘤 
malignant tumour 恶性肿瘤 
benign tumour 良性肿瘤 
primary tumour 原发性肿瘤 
inoperable tumour 不能手术的肿瘤 
lung, brain, breast, kidney tumour 肺部肿瘤；脑瘤；乳房肿瘤；肾脏肿瘤 
He developed a brain tumour. 他长了脑瘤。
tumour cell, tumour tissue 肿瘤细胞；肿瘤组织 
tumour formation, tumour growth 肿瘤形成；肿瘤生长 
a primary tumour in the breast 乳房内的原发性肿块 
tumours of the central nervous system 中枢神经系统肿瘤 
a malignant tumour on the eyelid 眼睑上的恶性肿瘤

n. [C] ~ (with sb/sth) | ~ (between A and B)（国家、政党等为达成统一目标而结成的）联盟、同盟。可以是一种结盟的协议，也可以是结成的团体:
alliance |[əˈlaɪəns]
formal, informal alliance 正式同盟；非正式同盟 
strategic, working alliance 战略同盟；工作同盟 
an unholy alliance between the Fascists and the Mofiosi 法西斯分子和黑手党成员间的邪恶联盟 
global, transatlantic, Western alliance 全球联盟；跨大西洋联盟；西方联盟 
defensive, military alliance 防御同盟；军事同盟 
electoral（尤英）, political alliance 竞选联盟；政治联盟 
opposition alliance 抵抗同盟 
class alliance 阶级同盟 
marriage alliance 联姻 
to make an alliance 缔结同盟 
The two parties were still too much apart to form an alliance. 两党分歧甚大，还远未能结成同盟。
The Social Democrats are now in alliance with the Greens. 社会民主党现在与绿党结成联盟。
They are now in a position to govern the state in alliance with either the Free Democrats or the Green Party. 他们现在可以选择与自由民主党人或绿党结盟来执掌国家政权。
a loose alliance of opposition groups 反对派团体的松散联盟 
the shifting alliances among the various political groups 各政治团体间不断变换的同盟 
The government has tried to forge alliances with environmentalists. 政府试图与环保主义者结成联盟。
Seven more countries have been invited to join the alliance. 另有七个国家受邀加入该联盟。
The marriage was meant to cement the alliance between the two countries. 这次联姻旨在巩固这两个国家之间的联盟。
To cement the alliance with England, Charles married Margaret, sister of the English king. 为了巩固与英格兰的联盟，查尔斯娶了英格兰国王的妹妹玛格丽特。
old alliances against enemies that no longer exist 针对不复存在的敌方的旧联盟 
an alliance between Britain and France 英国与法国之间的同盟 
an alliance with Germany 与德国的联盟 
alliance of convenience 基于利益的联盟 
It was an alliance of convenience, not of conviction. 这是一个基于利益而非信任的联盟。
What will be the effect of the alliance between IBM and Apple? 若IBM公司和苹果公司联合将会有什么效果呢？
They have alliances with other companies. 他们和其它公司有同盟关系。
The organization is a broad alliance of many different groups. 该组织是很多不同团体的广泛联盟。
The uneasy alliance between such different people just cannot last. 如此不同的人之间不稳定的联盟维持不了很长时间。

Chic is used to refer to a particular style or to the quality of being chic. 特种风格; 时髦雅致
Something or someone that is chic is fashionable and sophisticated. 时髦且有品位的
chic |英 [ʃiːk]  美 [ʃɪk]| n. 时髦；别致的款式/adj. 别致的/n. (Chic)人名；(英)奇克/
...French designer chic.…法国设计师的特有风格。
Her gown was very French and very chic.她的礼服是地道的法国风格，非常时髦有品位。


The denomination of a banknote or coin is its official value. (货币的) 面额
A particular denomination is a particular religious group which has slightly different beliefs from other groups within the same faith. 教派
denomination |英 [dɪ,nɒmɪ'neɪʃ(ə)n]  美 [dɪ,nɑmɪ'neʃən]| n. 面额；名称；教派/
She paid in cash, in bills of large denominations.她用大面额钞票的现金支付。
Acceptance of women preachers varies greatly from denomination to denomination.对于女性牧师的接受，各教派差异很大。


vi. ~ (at sb/sth)（因恼怒、担心、困惑、全神贯注等而）皱眉；蹙额:
n. [usually sing.]（因恼怒、担心、困惑、全神贯注等所做的）皱眉；蹙额:
frown |[fraʊn]
What are you frowning at me for? 你为什么朝我皱眉头？
Nancy shook her head, frowning. 南希摇了摇头，皱着眉头。
He frowned at her anxiously. 他不安地朝她皱了皱眉。
She studied the letter, frowning thoughtfully. 她仔细地读了那封信，皱眉陷入了沉思。
He looked at the coded message, frowning in/with concentration. 他盯着密码文，皱起眉头陷入了沉思。
He frowned with annoyance.他恼怒地皱起眉头。
She looked up with a puzzled frown on her face. 她抬头望着，满脸困惑，双眉紧锁。
deep, heavy frown 紧皱的眉头 
faint, little, slight, small, tiny frown 轻皱的眉头；微皱的眉 
confused, puzzled, thoughtful, worried frown 茫然的皱眉；困惑的皱眉；沉思的皱眉；忧虑的皱眉 
disapproving frown 表示不赞同的皱眉 
angry, fierce frown 怒锁眉头 
The boy gave a small frown. 小男孩微微皱了一下眉。
She wore a worried frown. 她忧愁地皱着眉头。
Her face creased into a frown. 她一副愁眉苦脸的样子。
His brows drew together in a frown. 他眉头紧锁。
Her frown grew deeper at the memory. 她想起这一往事、眉头皱得更紧了。
A frown of concern creased her forehead. 她因担心而前额皱了起来。
A frown marred his handsome features. 紧皱的眉头让他英俊的面容发生了扭曲。
A frown crossed her brow. 她双眉紧锁。
frown line 眉纹 
a frown of concentration, a frown of concern 皱起眉头集中精神；皱眉表示不安 
a frown on your face 脸上的不悦 
a slight frown of disapproval 略显不赞成的脸色

vt. ~ sb (into sth/into doing sth) [正式]（通过威胁）迫使某人去做某事:
coerce |[kəʊˈɜ:s;美koʊˈɜ:rs]
He had argued that the government coerced him into pleading guilty. 他辩称是政府强迫他认罪的。
Clark had somehow been able to coerce Jenny into doing whatever he told her to do. 不知是用什么办法，克拉克总能让珍妮对他言听计从。
They were coerced into negotiating a settlement. 他们被迫通过谈判解决。

adj. 1 缓慢且复杂的、复杂而低效的:
2（词语或短语）冗长的、复杂的:
adj. 大而笨重的、难以搬运或携带的。相当于bulky:
cumbersome |[ˈkʌmbəsəm;美-bərs-]
cumbersome legal procedures 繁琐的法律程序 
to eliminate cumbersome and unnecessary bureaucracy 革除臃肿低效且不必要的官僚主义 
The proposed regulations are ill-defined and cumbersome and could be unnecessarily costly. 提议的规章制度阐述不清、复杂低效，而且可能会带来不必要的过高花费。
an old and cumbersome computer system 过时而且低效的计算机系统 
The organization changed its cumbersome title to something easier to remember. 这家机构把它那复杂累赘的名称改得好记一些了。
cumbersome machinery 笨重的机器 
Although the machine looks cumbersome, it is actually easy to use. 尽管这台机器看上去很笨重，操作起来却很容易。
muffled up in thick and cumbersome clothing 身上裹着厚重的衣服

vt. credit A with B 认为某人或事物拥有好的品质或特点:
vt. credit sb/sth as sth 常用被动式，认为某人或事物属于某种类型或性质:
vt. 英式用法，主要用于疑问句和否定句，相信某事，尤指相信令人惊奇或意外的事:
vt. credit A with B 认为某人或事物拥有好的品质或特点:
n. 1 [U] credit (for sth) 因做得出色而受到或应受到的称赞、赞扬或认可:
2 [C] credit to sb/sth 为其它人（或事物）赢得荣誉的一个人或事物:
n. [C] 大学（在美国也包括中小学）的一个学习单元；还可指学分:
credit B to A 常用被动式，把…（尤指成就）归于…，认为（或表明）…是…的功劳:
n. [C] 常用复数，指电影或电视节目中对摄制人员的介绍，常以片头或片尾字幕的形式出现:
n. [U] 信用，信誉，即出借方对借贷方的信任:
credit B (to A) 把一笔钱存入某人的银行账户，与debit相反:
n. 1 [U] in credit表示金钱的结余:
2 [C, U] 存入银行账户的款项金额；还可指此种存款记录。与debit相反:
3 [C, U] 某人有权索回的款项，是一种术语:
n. [U, C] 从银行里借的钱，即所贷的款:
n. [U] 赊欠，赊购，是一种行为（而非账户）:
credit |['kredɪt]
I credited you with a little more sense. 我认为你更理智一些。
The cheetah is generally credited as the world’s fastest animal. 普遍认为猎豹是世界上跑得最快的动物。
He’s been promoted--would you credit it? 他升职了，你相信吗？
I find what he says rather hard to credit. 我觉得他的话很难令人相信。
I credited you with a little more sense. 我认为你更理智一些。
I can’t take all the credit for the show’s success--it was a team effort. 演出成功不能都算成我一个人的功劳，这是集体努力的结果。
Credit will be given in the exam for good spelling. 考试中拼写出色者将受到表扬。
To her great credit, she does not try to avoid the truth. 她没有试图回避事实，这值得大加赞扬。
He’s a great credit to the school. 他为学校争光不少。
My math class is worth three credits. 我的数学课为三个学分。
college credit（美）大学学分 
credit hour（美）学分时
vt. credit A with B 
The company is credited with inventing the industrial robot. 发明工业机器人是那家公司的功劳。
All the contributors are credited on the title page. 所有撰稿人的姓名均刊登在扉页上。
The work has been credited to a 16th-century bishop. 这一作品已被认定出自16世纪的一位主教之手。
He his widely credited with having started the Middle East peace process. 人们普遍认为是他启动了中东和平进程。
She was given a programme credit for her work on the costumes for the play. 她为这出戏准备服装，被列入剧目制作人员名单。
opening credits 片头演职人员名单 
We left before the final credits began to roll. 片尾演职人员名单还未出现我们就退场了。
credit rating, credit score, credit scoring 信用等级；信用评分 
credit history, credit record 信用记录 
credit file, credit report 信用档案；信用报告 
credit risk 信用风险 
a letter of credit 信用证 
Her credit isn’t good anywhere now. 她借钱不还，弄得声名狼藉。
vt. credit A (with B) 
Your account has been credited with $50 000. 已把5万美元存入你的账户。
The bank credited the oil company with $500 000. 银行向那家石油公司提供50万美元信用贷款。
My account is in credit. 我的账户上有存款。
a credit balance of €200 200欧元的贷方余额 
I have three credits on my bank statement. 我的银行结算单上有三笔存款。
a tax credit 课税扣除
bank credit 银行信贷 
long-term credit 长期贷款 
consumer credit 消费信贷 
credit limit 信用额度 
credit market, credit union 信贷市场；信用合作社 
to get credit 得到贷款 
to refuse further credit to the company 拒绝再给那家公司贷款
I bought it on credit. 这是我赊购的。
Most stores will offer credit. 大部分商店都准许赊账。
to issue a credit note 开具一张欠条

n. 1 [U, C] 运动的节奏:
2 [U, C] 变化的节奏（即有规律的变化）；事件的节奏:
n. [U, C] 声音的节奏、韵律:
rhythm |[ˈrɪðəm]
The boat rocked up and down in rhythm with the sea. 小船随着海浪起伏有致。
the rhythm of her breathing 她的呼吸节奏 
cardiac, heart rhythm 心跳的节奏 
the steady rhythm of his heartbeat 他有规律的心跳 
a dancer with a natural sense of rhythm (= the ability to move in time to a fixed beat) 天生节奏感很强的舞蹈者 
Her feet made a steady rhythm on the pavement. 她步伐平稳地走着。
There's rhythm in her movements. 她的动作很有韵律感。
the rhythm of the seasons 四季的更迭 
The movie follows the rhythms of a year on the farm. 这部电影捕捉了农场中一年四季里有规律的变化。
circadian rhythm（每24小时人或动物体内变化的）昼夜节律 
natural rhythm of life 生命的自然节律 
biological rhythms 生物节律 
My body rhythms had not yet adapted to the ten-hour time difference. 我的生理节律还没有适应十小时的时差。
changes to our daily rhythms 我们日常生活节奏的变化 
She soon settled into a regular rhythm. 她很快形成了一种有规律的节奏。
Tidying the house in the morning fell into an easy rhythm. 早晨清理房子已成为一种节奏轻快的活儿了。
Williams is having trouble finding her rhythm on the serve. 威廉姆斯找不着发球的节奏。
Try to disrupt your opponent's rhythm. 想办法打乱你对手的节奏。
to dance to the rhythm of the music 随着音乐的节奏跳舞 
Clap to the rhythm of the music. 跟着音乐的节奏鼓掌。
He was snapping his fingers in rhythm. 他在有节奏地打响指。
I found myself swaying to the rhythm of the music. 我发觉自己正随着音乐的节奏摇摆。
I like music with a good rhythm. 我喜欢节奏悦耳的音乐。
a sense of rhythm 节奏感 
African, dance, Latin, reggae, samba rhythm 非洲音乐的节奏；舞蹈节奏；拉丁音乐节奏；雷鬼音乐的节奏；桑巴舞曲的节奏 
jazz rhythms 爵士乐的节奏 
music with a fast rhythm 节奏快的音乐 
abnormal, irregular, staccato rhythm 不正常的节奏；不规则的节奏；不连贯的节奏 
hypnotic rhythm 令人昏昏欲睡的节奏 
the band's rhythm section 乐队的节奏乐器组 
He can't seem to play in rhythm. 他的演奏好像不合节拍。
Her pencil tapped out a staccato rhythm on the desk top. 她用铅笔断断续续地敲着桌面。

vt. [非正式] 未受邀请而参加或出席一个聚会，相当于gatecrash:
vi. [尤英] 体育运动中可指在一场比赛中败得一塌糊涂，即惨败、溃败:
adj. 只用于名词前，为达成快速的结果而在短时间内需要付出辛苦和很多努力的，如速成的、应急的:
n. [usually sing.] 一阵突然的且较大的噪声（例如由某事物的倒下或破碎所产生的巨响）:
vi. 发出一阵巨响:
vi. [非正式] crash (out) 入睡；在不常睡觉的地方睡觉:
n. [C] 计算机技术中可指一个机器或系统（尤指一台计算机或一个计算机系统）突然崩溃:
vt.＆vi. 计算机系统崩溃（突然停止运行）:
vt.＆vi. 移动的过程中猛烈地撞上某事物（并造成巨响和损伤）；使某事物以此方式撞上某人或另一事物:
vi. 医学上可指某人的心脏停止跳动，与arrest在词义上未见明显区别，但不如arrest常用:
n. [C] 商业机构倒闭、破产等，强调该事实发生的突然性、持续的短促性和结果的凄惨性。词义相当于collapse:
vi. 倒闭、破产:
n. [C] 金融和商业领域可指某事物的价格或价值的一次突然且严重的下降，如暴跌、崩盘:
vi. 在金融和商业领域可指（价格、股票等）失去价值，或突然且迅速地失败:
n. [C]（美也用wreck）碰撞性的交通事故（通常造成车辆损伤及乘客伤亡）:
vt.＆vi. crash (sth) (into sth) 一部交通工具撞上其它物体或另一部交通工具等（且造成破坏）:
crash |[kræʃ]
The team crashed to their worst defeat this season. 那支队遭遇了本赛季最严重的一次惨败。
a crash course in computer programming 计算机编程速成课程 
a crash diet 快速减肥规定饮食
The tree fell with a great crash. 那棵树哗啦一声倒了。
The plates fell to the floor with an almighty crash. 那些盘子哗啦一声掉在地上。
There was a sickening crash as her head hit the ground. 她的头咣当一声磕在地上。
The bike hit the street and made a loud crash. 自行车咣当一声摔在大街上。
a distant crash of thunder 远处的雷鸣 
the crash of the waves 浪涛拍击声 
Thunder crashed overhead. 头顶上雷声隆隆。
I was so tired I crashed out on the sofa. 我累极了，在沙发上就睡着了。
I’ve come to crash on your floor for a couple of nights. 我来你家打几晚地铺。
The system suddenly crashed. 系统突然崩溃了。
A brick crashed through the window. 砖块哗啦一声砸入了窗户。
With a sweep of his hand he sent the glasses crashing to the floor. 他一挥手把眼镜碰到地上摔碎了。
The door crashed open. 那门砰的一声给砸开了。
She crashed the door shut behind her. 她随手把门砰的一声关上了。
bank, dotcom crash 银行倒闭；网络公司倒闭 
The company crashed with debts of £5 million. 那家公司由于负债500万英镑而告破产。
property（英）, stock-market crash 房地产暴跌；股市崩盘 
a crash in share prices 股价暴跌 
financial crash 财务崩溃 
Share prices crashed to an all-time low yesterday. 昨天股票价格暴跌到了前所未有的最低纪录。
air, plane crash 飞机失事 
car, train crash 汽车撞车事故；火车撞车事故 
alcohol-related crash 酒驾引起的撞车事故 
spectacular crash 场面惨烈的撞车事故 
head-on crash 正面碰撞 
high-speed crash 高速碰撞 
She swerved to avoid a crash. 她突然转向以避免相撞。
The crash claimed three lives. 那起交通事故夺去了三条人命。
crash victim 交通事故受害者 
crash site 交通事故现场 
crash barrier（英）（高速公路的）防撞护栏 
I was terrified that the plane would crash. 飞机会失事把我吓坏了。
A truck crashed into the back of a bus. 货车撞上了一辆公交车的尾部。
He crashed his car into a wall. 他的汽车撞到了墙上。

tonelessly
toneless |英 [ˈtəʊnləs]  美 [ˈtoʊnləs]| adj. 沉闷的；单调的；缺乏声调的；无声的/
"That's most kind of him," Eleanor said tonelessly.“他还真好心，”埃莉诺淡淡地说。

