ample					足够的，大量的，粗壮的
contingency				偶发事件，应急措施
validity					有效，正确
monotonous		乏味的，单调的
peel				皮，去掉...的皮，剥落
lay				安放，放，提交
leap				跳跃，迅速移动，猛涨，跳过
necessitate		使成为必要
conviction				定罪，坚定信念
dread						恐惧
script					剧本，笔迹
devote						把...专用于，奉献
supersonic			超音速的
scale						等级，刻度，比例
alien						外星人，外国的，陌生的，不相容的
axis					轴，坐标轴，轴心
fluent				流利的
design								设计，意图
mundane				平凡的，世俗的
withdraw						取回，撤回，离开
synchronize			使同步，同时发生
individual					个人，个体
afford						支付得起，提供
light							光亮，角度，灯，轻的
perceptible			可见的，可听见的，可察觉的
luxury				奢华，奢侈的
derive							起源于...，获得，衍生
executive					有执行权的，经理
soar						高飞，升高
abundance			大量，富足
\\\\\\\\

adj. 足够的，或比足够还多的，相当于plenty of:
adj.（一个人的体形）大的，且常具有吸引力的，如丰满的，硕大的:
ample |['æmpl]
ample opportunity, ample evidence, ample space, ample proof 充分的机会；足够的证据；宽敞的空间；充足的证明 
There was ample time to get to the airport. 有足够的时间到达机场。
Ample free parking is available. 有宽敞的免费停车场。
an ample bosom 丰满的胸脯

n. [U, C] 未来可能发生的事，如不测事件、偶发事件:
contingency |[kənˈtɪndʒənsi]
We must consider all possible contingencies. 我们必须考虑一切可能发生的事。
to make contingency plans (= plans for what to do if a particular event happens or does not happen) 拟订应急方案 
contingency reserve, contingency fund (= to pay for sth that might happen in the future) 意外开支准备金

n. [U] 符合逻辑性、正确性:
n. [U] 法律上的有效、合法；官方的认可:
validity |[vəˈlɪdəti]
We had doubts about the validity of their argument. 我们对他们的论点的正确性有过怀疑。
Some people, of course, denied the validity of any such claim. 当然，一些人否定了此类说法的合理性。
Don't you think that both views have equal validity? 难道你不认为这两种观点同样都是合理的吗?
The theory has the face validity of being consistent with recent findings. 这一理论与最新的研究结果相一致，表面上是合理的。
scientific, statistical validity 科学上的合理性；统计上的合理性 
His reputation lends a certain validity to the approach that it might not deserve. 他的名望赋予这一方法某种其本身可能并不具备的可信性。
to assess the scientific validity of new treatments 评估新疗法的科学效用 
The results are of doubtful validity. 这些结果的正确性值得怀疑。
the theory's validity for parent-child relationships 这一理论在亲子关系方面的正确性
The period of validity of the agreement has expired. 本协议的有效期已过。
Shocked by the results of the elections, they now want to challenge the validity of the vote. 选举结果令他们很震惊，他们现在要对选举的有效性提出质疑。
The legal validity of the claims has been challenged. 这些索赔的合法性受到质疑。
The judges upheld the validity of the previous judgement. 法官维持了原判。

Something that is monotonous is very boring because it has a regular, repeated pattern which never changes. 单调的
monotonous |英 [mə'nɒt(ə)nəs]  美 [mə'nɑtənəs]| adj. 单调的，无抑扬顿挫的；无变化的/
It's monotonous work, like most factory jobs.这是个单调的工作，和大多数工厂工作一样。


If you are peeling or if your skin is peeling, small pieces of skin are coming off, usually because you have been burned by the sun. (人) 脱皮; (皮) 脱落
If a surface is peeling, the paint on it is coming away. 掉漆
If you peel off something that has been sticking to a surface or if it peels off, it comes away from the surface. 剥掉; 剥落
When you peel fruit or vegetables, you remove their skins. 削皮
The peel of a fruit such as a lemon or an apple is its skin. You can also refer to a peel. (果) 皮
peel |英 [piːl]  美 [pil]| v. 剥，剥落；削/n. 皮/n. (Peel)人名；(英)皮尔/
His face was peeling from sunburn.他的脸因日晒而在脱皮。
Its once-elegant white pillars are peeling.曾一度典雅的白色立柱在掉漆。
Paint was peeling off the walls.墙上的漆正在剥落。
It took me two days to peel off the labels.我花了两天时间才剥掉那些标签。
One of the kids was peeling plaster off the wall.其中一个孩子在剥墙上的灰泥。
She sat down in the kitchen and began peeling potatoes.她在厨房里坐下，开始削土豆。
...a banana peel.…一块香蕉皮。
...grated lemon peel.…磨碎了的柠檬皮。


vt. 1 把…放在某个位置（尤指轻轻地或小心地放置）:
2 lay sth (down) 把…放下（尤指放在地板上）以准备使用，即铺，铺放，铺设:
3 [正式] 使…处于某种位置或状态（尤指使其处于困境），相当于place:
4 与名词连用构成短语，其含义与和该名词相关的动词相同:
adj. 只作前置定语，指在某一学科上没有专业知识或专业资质的，即外行的，非专业的:
vt. 1 与一些名词连用，以谈论为某事做正式的准备。如奠定基础或制定规划等:
2 从细节方面来准备某事，即周密准备或筹划:
vt. [英；旧时] 在桌子上摆放刀叉、盘子等餐具（准备用餐），相当于set:
vt.＆vi.（鸟、昆虫、鱼等）下蛋，产卵:
vt. 向某人提出一项建议、提议或一则信息（以供其考虑或在此基础上做决定）:
lay B with A（在某物上）摊开，涂，敷；用一层…覆盖…:
vt. 摆好木头、柴或煤以生火:
adj. 在基督教堂里没有正式职位的，即平信徒的；在俗的；俗家的:
vt. 对…下赌金；下赌注:
lay |[leɪ]
He laid the plates down on the table. 他把盘子放到桌上。
He laid a hand on my arm. 他把手搭在我的胳膊上。
She laid aside her book. 她把书放到一旁。
Relatives laid wreaths on the grave. 死者亲属在墓前献了花圈。
The horse laid back its ears. 那匹马把耳朵往后竖着。
to lay carpet, to lay cable, to lay pipe 铺地毯；铺设电缆；铺设管道 
The foundations of the house are being laid today. 今天正在给房子打地基。
to lay a responsibility on sb 把责任加于某人身上 
to lay a burden on sb 把重担加于某人身上 
to lay sb under an obligation to do sth 使某人承担做某事的义务 
to lay the blame on sb 归咎于某人 
The police laid charges against him of a crime. 警方起诉他一项罪名。
Our teacher lays great stress on good spelling. 我们老师着力强调要拼写正确。
His book explains the theory for the lay public. 他的书为大众阐明了这个理论。
It is difficult for a lay person to gain access to medical libraries. 非专业人员很难进入医学图书馆。
to lay the basis for something 为某事奠定基础 
to lay plans for something 为某事制定规划 
to lay a trap for sb 给某人设下圈套 
She began to lay her plans for her escape. 开始周密策划准备逃走。
to lay the table 摆好餐具准备用餐
The hens are not laying well. 母鸡现在不爱下蛋。
The bill was laid before Parliament. 议案已提交议会审议。
vt. lay A (on/over B) 
He laid newspaper on the floor. 他在地板上铺了报纸。
to lay a blanket over him 给他盖上毛毯 
The grapes were laid to dry on racks. 葡萄被摊放在架子上晾干。
a lay preacher 在俗传道员
to lay a bet 下赌注 
She had laid $100 on the favourite. 她在那匹特别喜爱的马上下注100美元。

vi. 突然大幅增加:
n. [C] ~ (in sth) 突然大幅的增加:
vt.&vi.（向高处或远处）跳、跳跃:
n. [C]（向高处或远处的）跳跃:
vi. 突然且快速地移动:
vi.（车辆）飞奔，疾驶:
vi. 突然且快速地做某事:
vi. 骤变:
n. [C] ~ (in sth) 突然大幅的变化，如骤变:
vi.（因吃惊、害怕、高兴等）心脏猛地跳动:
vi. 赶紧抓住（机会）:
leap |[li:p]
Shares leapt in value from 476p to close at 536p. 股价从476便士猛涨到收盘536便士。
Warwicks leap to third in the table, 31 points behind leaders Essex. 沃里克队在排名中蹿升至第三名，落后领先的埃塞克斯队31分。
a leap in profits 利润跃升 
The result has been a giant leap in productivity. 其结果是生产力的大幅提高。
the leap in the unemployed from 35,000 to 75,000 由35,000猛增至75,000的失业人数 
a dramatic leap in the number of people out of work 失业人数的剧增 
conceptual, imaginative, intuitive leap 概念上的跳跃；想象的跳跃；直觉的跳跃 
logical leap 逻辑上的跳跃 
technological leap 技术的突飞猛进 
They've made a great leap forward with their building in the last few years. 最近几年来，他们的建筑工作有了长足的进步。
Eight years ago, he took the leap and formed his own company. 八年前，他迈出飞跃性的一步，成立了自己的公司。
a leap in prices 价格的急剧上涨 
a great leap into the unknown 向未知世界的一大跃进 
a leap of 750% 750%的大幅提高 
I chose to take a leap of faith and do the movie. 我选择顶着风险拍摄这部电影。
His technique has come on in leaps and bounds this season. 这个赛季他的技术突飞猛进。
We leapt over the stream. 我们跳过了那条小溪。
She leaped clear of the water. 她跳过水面。
She leaped across the puddles. 她跳过小水坑。
He had leapt from a window in the building and escaped. 他从大楼一个窗口跳出去跑了。
The newsreels show him leaping into the air. 新闻短片里有他跳向空中的画面。
Don't be so nervous--anyone would think I was about to leap on vou. 别那么紧张，你那样的话大家都会以为我会朝你扑过去。
He leaped down from the ladder and ran over to her. 他从梯子上一跃而下朝她奔去。
He leaped onto his horse and rode off. 他跳上马骑走了。
The two men leaped into the jeep and roared off. 两名男子跳上吉普车，疾驰而去。
With a terrible howl, he leapt forward and threw himself into the water. 他狂吼一声，向前猛冲，纵身跳进水中。
A dolphin leapt out of the water. 海豚跃出水面。
The horse leapt a five-foot wall. 那匹马跃过了一道五英尺高的墙。
The horse leaped over high fences. 马跃过了高高的障碍。
children leaping about with excitement 高兴得跳来跳去的孩子们 
a leap of six metres 一跳跳了六米 
He made a flying leap at the ball. 他飞身跃起抢球。
She took a flying leap and landed on the other side of the stream. 她一个飞跃跳到小溪的对面。
a leap into the air 腾空一跃 
His heart gave a sudden leap when he saw her.（比喻用法）他看见她时，心猛地一跳。
Few people successfully make the leap from television to the movies.（比喻用法）从电视业转向电影业很少有人成功。
He leaped out of bed when he heard the telephone. 听到电话铃响他从床上一跃而起。
He leapt across the room to answer the door. 他冲过房间去开门。
I leapt to my feet (= stood up quickly). 我赶紧站了起来。
She was quick to leap to my defence (= speak in support of me).（比喻用法）她马上挺身而出为我辩护。
The photo seemed to leap off the page (= it got your attention immediately). 那张照片跃然纸上，引人注目。
His name leapt out at me (= I saw it immediately). 他的名字一下引起了我的注意。
The car leapt forward. 汽车向前飞驰。
They leapt into action immediately. 他们立即断然采取了行动。
My heart leaped at the sight of her. 我见到她时心都要跳出来了。
The post of principal of the theatre school became vacant and he leapt at the chance. 戏剧学校校长一职出缺，他马上抓住了这个机会。

If something necessitates an event, action, or situation, it makes it necessary. 使成为必需
necessitate |英 [nɪ'sesɪteɪt]  美 [nə'sɛsɪtet]| vt. 使成为必需，需要；迫使/
A prolonged drought had necessitated the introduction of water rationing.一场持续的干旱使定量供水的引进成为必需。


n. 1 [C, U] ~ (that…) 坚定的看法（或信念）:
These experiences reinforced my conviction that music helps learning. 这些经历增强了我的信念:
2 [U] 坚信、深信、坚定、肯定:
n. [U] 坚定:
n. [U] 肯定:
n. [C, U] ~ (for sth) 判罪、定罪；被证明有罪:
conviction |[kənˈvɪkʃn]
a conviction that all would be well in the end 最终一切都会好起来的坚定信念 
It is my firm conviction that nothing will change until we address the root causes of the problem. 我坚信，除非我们治理问题的根源，否则什么也不会改变。
inner conviction 内心的信念 
ideological, moral, political, religious, theological conviction 意识形态的信念；道德信念；政治信念；宗教信念；神学信仰 
Catholic, Christian conviction 天主教信仰；基督教信仰 
She had this absolute conviction that what she liked others would like. 她绝对相信只要她喜欢的别人也会喜欢。
They share a deep conviction that their views on world matters are still vitally important. 他们都坚信他们对世界大事的看法依然极其重要。
The American Constitution reflects certain religious convictions. 美国宪法反映了某些宗教信念。
Nothing could shake her conviction that she could not be beaten. 她深信自己不会被打败，什么都不能动摇她的这一信念。
conviction politics（英）基于个人信念的政治 
the demise of consensus and the rise of conviction politics 共识政治的终结与基于个人信念的政治的兴起 
He had a strong personal conviction about the power of the printed word. 他个人坚信印刷文字的力量。
have the courage of your convictions(= to be brave enough to do what you feel to be right）有勇气做自己认为对的事 
‘Not true! ’ she said with conviction. “不真实！”她肯定地说道。
He said he agreed but his voice lacked conviction. 他说他赞同，但语气不坚定。
There was no great conviction in his voice. 他的声音显示出他的信念并不坚定。
The leader's speech in defence of the policy didn't carry much conviction. 那位领导人为政策辩护的讲话不是很有说服力。
Nor did his denial carry conviction. 他的否认也没有说服力。
Her explanation failed to carry conviction(= failed to sound convincing)in the face of the facts. 在事实面前，她的解释没有说服力。
Her arguments lacked conviction. 她的论据缺乏说服力。
He said he agreed but his voice lacked conviction. 他说他赞同，但语气不坚定。
There was no great conviction in his voice. 他的声音显示出他的信念并不坚定。
‘Not true! ’ she said with conviction. “不真实！”她肯定地说道。
an offence which carries, on conviction, a sentence of not more than five years' imprisonment 定罪后可判处五年或五年以下监禁的罪行 
earlier, previous（尤英）, prior（美）conviction 先前的判罪；前科 
She has six previous convictions for theft. 她有六次盗窃前科。
spent conviction（英）失效的判决 
You are not obliged to acknowledge spent convictions. 你没有义务承认已经失效的判决。
successful conviction（尤英）成功的定罪 
unsafe（英）, wrongful conviction 依据不可靠证据所作的判决；不公正的判决 
Keeping this information from the jury could result in a wrong/ul conviction. 对陪审团隐瞒这一信息会导致错误的判决。
criminal conviction 刑事定罪 
drug, murder conviction 毒品罪；谋杀罪 
He has three criminal convictions. 他曾三次被判刑事罪。
A reward is offered for information leading to the conviction of the attacker. 悬赏寻找可将攻击者定罪的信息。
They need strong evidence to secure a conviction. 要想定罪，他们需要强有力的证据。
He believes that too many defendants are escaping conviction by claiming that they are insane. 他认为有很多被告通过声称精神失常而逃脱定罪。
appeal（美）, appeal against（英）conviction 不服判决而提起上诉 
He appealed against his conviction for murder. 他不服谋杀的判决，提起上诉。
Her lawyer said that she plans to appeal her conviction. 她的律师说，她打算就针对她的判决提起上诉。
a conviction based on very slim evidence 证据不足的情况下作出的定罪 
The conviction rate for rape is low. 强奸的定罪率较低。
His sentence on conviction would be life imprisonment. 他一经定罪，将被判无期徒刑。
The court overturned the conviction against her. 法院推翻了对她的判决。
a conviction for murder 判以谋杀罪

adj. 恼火的、生气的、不想要的:
adj. 可怕的、令人畏惧的:
n. [U, C, usually sing.]（对将要发生的坏事的）恐惧；令人恐惧的事物:
vt.&vi. 非常害怕（坏事发生）:
dread |[dred]
the dread phrase 'politically correct' 令人不快的短语“政治上正确”
a more effective national policy to combat this dread disease 对抗这可怕疾病的更有效的国家政策
The prospect of growing old fills me with dread. 想到人会一天天老下去便使我充满恐惧。
She has an irrational dread of hospitals. 她莫名其妙地害怕医院。
The committee members live in dread of (= are always worried about) anything that may cause a scandal. 委员会成员整天提心吊胆，生怕有什么事会引起流言飞语。
My greatest dread is that my parents will find out. 我最担心的就是父母会察觉出来。
She thought with dread of the cold winters to come. 她害怕即将来临的寒冷冬季。
Her greatest dread was that she would lose her job. 她最怕的就是失去工作。
the dread she felt at the thought of meeting him again 一想起要再见他她就感到的恐惧 
He lived in constant dread that one day he might be found out. 他一直生活在恐惧之中，担心总有一天会被发现。
Does the thought of flying fill you with dread? 想到飞行你就非常害怕吗？
After her shoplifting spree she lived in mortal dread of being found out. 在商店大肆行窃之后，她惶恐不安，害怕被人发现。
her dread of discovery 她对真相败露的恐惧 
a feeling/sense of dread 恐惧感
This was the moment he had been dreading. 这是他一直最担心的时刻。
I dread being sick. 我特别害怕生病。
She dreads her husband finding out. 她生怕丈夫察觉出来。
I dread to think what would happen if there really was a fire here. 我不敢想象假如这儿真的发生火灾会是什么情景。
I dread to think what will happen in the case of a major emergency. 我不敢想在重大紧急情况下会发生什么。
I dread to think what Hollywood is planning to do with this interesting little story. 我不敢想好莱坞打算如何处理这个有趣的小故事。
I'm dreading Christmas this year. 今年我非常害怕过圣诞节。
I dreaded coming back, to be honest. 说实话，我生怕回来。
I have to go to the dentist tomorrow and I'm absolutely dreading it! 明天我必须去看牙医，我真的非常害怕！
He had always dreaded being singled out. 他总是担心被单挑出来。

n. [sing.] 用于否定句，表示没有按照原计划（或期待）进行:
n. [U, C] [计算机] 计算机的一系列指令，即脚本（程序）:
n. [C] [英] 考生在笔试试卷上写下的答案:
vt. [常用被动式] 为电影、戏剧等写剧本；为广播、电视节目等撰稿:
n.  [U] 手写的字:
n. [C]（剧、电影、广播、讲话等的）剧本、讲稿:
n. [U, C] 一种语言的字母系统、字母表。相当于alphabet:
script |[skrɪpt]
Losing was not in the script. 没想到会输掉比赛。
The game plan was right. We just didn't follow the script. 比赛战术是正确的。只是我们没有照部署去打。
The bug was caused by an error in the script. 这个故障是由脚本程序出错造成的。
James Cameron, who scripted and directed both films 詹姆斯·卡梅伦，这两部电影的编剧兼导演
neat script 整洁的字迹 
cursive, flowing script 草书；行书 
She admired his neat script. 她欣赏他写的一手好字。
She writes in a neat, flowing script. 她写得一手工整流畅的好字。
draft script（尤英）剧本草稿 
original script 原创剧本 
final script 定稿剧本 
comedy, film（尤英）, movie（尤美）, radio, television, TV script 喜剧剧本；电影剧本；广播稿；电视剧本 
shooting script 拍摄脚本 
script editor 剧本编辑 
script writer（通常用scriptwriter）编剧 
a script about a farmer's life 关于一个农民生活的剧本 
a script for children's TV 儿童电视节目脚本 
That line isn't in the original script. 原剧本中没有那句台词。
Jenny's writing a film script. 珍妮在写一个电影剧本。
phonetic script 标音书写体系；音标 
Arabic, Cyrillic, Hebrew, Japanese script 阿拉伯文字；西里尔文字；希伯来文字；日本文字 
a document in Cyrillic script 一份用西里尔字母书写的文件 
a text in the Malay language but written in Arabic script 一篇使用阿拉伯字母书写的马来语演讲稿

vt. 1 devote yourself to sb/sth 将你的大多数时间、精力、注意力等给予某人或某事物，具体可称为致力于、献身、专心:
2 devote sth to sth 将一定量的时间、注意力等给予某事:
devote |[dɪ'vəʊt]
She devoted herself to her career. 她全力倾注于自己的事业。
I could only devote two hours a day to the work. 我一天只能在这项工作上花两个小时。

Supersonic aircraft travel faster than the speed of sound. 超音速的
supersonic |英 [suːpə'sɒnɪk; sjuː-]  美 [,supɚ'sɑnɪk]| adj. 超音速的；超声波的/n. 超音速；超声波/
There was a huge bang; it sounded like a supersonic jet.发出一声巨响；听起来像一架超音速喷气式飞机。


n. [U] [英也用fur]（水管、容器等事物上面附着的）水垢:
vt. [正式] 攀登到又高又陡的事物顶端:
vt. [术语] 改变某事物的大小:
vt. 给鱼刮除鳞片:
n. [pl.] [美也用scale] scales指用于称重的工具，如秤、天平:
n. [C]（鱼或爬行动物的）鳞、鳞片:
n. [C] 量具上的刻度:
n. [C]（地图、图表或模型的）比例、比例尺:
a scale of 1:25 000 1:
n. [sing, U] ~ (of sth) 规模、范围、程度、尺寸，尤指与其他事物相比较时的规模、范围、程度、尺寸，且尤指庞大的规模或很深程度:
n. [sing, U] ~ (of sth) 范围，尤指与其他事物相比较时的范围，且尤指大的范围:
n. [U]（牙齿上的）牙垢、牙结石:
vt. 刮除牙结石:
n. [C] 音乐中可指音阶:
n. [sing, U] ~ (of sth) 程度，尤指与其他事物相比较时的程度，且尤指很深的程度:
n. 1 [C] 用于测量的等级:
2 [C, usually sing.]（从最低到最高的）等级体系:
scale |[skeɪl]
the first woman to scale Mount Everest 第一位登上珠穆朗玛峰的女性 
In 1981, five members of a climbing party died while scaling Mount Hood. 1981 年，一支登山队的5名队员在攀登胡德峰时遇难。
The men scaled a wall and climbed down scaffolding on the other side. 那些男人攀上一堵墙然后顺着另一侧的脚手架爬了下去。
He has scaled the heights of his profession.（比喻用法）他登上了他事业的顶峰。
Text can be scaled from 4 points to 108 points without any loss of quality. 正文可以从4点变到108点，但印刷质量丝毫不会降低。
weighing scales（尤英）磅秤；天平 
bathroom scales, kitchen scales 浴室磅秤；厨房用秤 
At birth, she tipped the scales at a healthy 7lb 9oz. 她出生时的体重为7磅9盎司，十分健康。
I had a shock when I stood on the scales. 往磅秤上一战，我吓了一跳。
the scales of justice（比喻用法）法律公正的天平 
At the moment the scales tip in favour of the Russians.（英式用法）目前，形势转而对俄罗斯人有利。
At the moment the scale tips in favour of the Russians.（美式用法）目前，形势转而对俄罗斯人有利。
That last goal has tipped the scale towards/toward the Brazilians. 最后那个进球扭转了局面，形势对巴西队非常有利。
fish scale 鱼鳞 
overlapping scale 交叠的鳞片 
armoured/armored scale 甲鳞
How much does it read on the scale? 刻度显示的是多少？
The map has a scale of one centimetre to the kilometre. 这幅地图的比例是一厘米代表一千米。
The map, on a scale of 1:10,000, shows over 5,000 individual paths. 该地图以 1:10,000 的比例尺显示了 5,000 多条不同道路。
a scale drawing 按比例缩放的图画 
Is this diagram to scale (= are all its parts the same size and shape in relation to each other as they are in the thing represented)? 这个示意图是按比例画的吗？
Both plans are drawn to the same scale. 两张平面图是按同一比例绘制的。
The plan of the building is not drawn to scale. 大楼的平面图画得不合比例。
He's made a scale model of the Eiffel Tower. 他按比例做了一个埃菲尔铁塔模型。
Franklin made his mother an intricately detailed scale model of the house. 富兰克林为他的母亲制作了一个复杂精细的房屋模型。
to achieve economies of scale in production (= to produce many items so the cost of producing each one is reduced) 实现规模生产 
Economies of scale enable the larger companies to lower their prices. 规模经济使得大公司可以降低产品价格。
The dolls are now produced on a commercial scale. 这种玩具娃娃现已投入规模化生产。
They plan to expand the scale and scope of their operations. 他们打算扩大经营规模和范围。
the scale of the project 项目的规模 
the scale of the task 任务的规模 
pollution on a massive scale 大范围的污染 
On a global scale, 77% of energy is created from fossil fuels. 全球77%的能量产生自化石燃料。
Here was corruption on a grand scale. 这里的腐败现象曾十分严重。
It was impossible to comprehend the full scale of the disaster. 这场灾难的严重程度是无法充分认识的。
It is difficult to comprehend the sheer scale of the suffering caused by the war. 人们很难理解战争造成的苦难有多严重。
It was not until morning that the sheer scale of the damage could be seen (= how great it was). 直到早晨才看清了损害的严重程度。
the scale of destruction 破坏的严重程度 
However, he underestimates the scale of the problem. 然而，他低估了问题的严重性。
They entertain on a large scale (= they hold expensive parties with a lot of guests). 他们大宴宾客。
Do they always entertain on such a lavish scale? 他们经常这样大摆筵席吗？
a misuse of presidential power on an unprecedented scale 总统权力程度空前的滥用 
Given the scale of the change, it is essential that all managers familiarize themselves with the details. 考虑到变动幅度之大，每一位主管都有必要熟悉这些细节。
It was several days before the full scale of the accident became clear. 事故的全部情况直到几天以后才搞清楚。
The final building is realized on a human scale. 最终建成的大楼实现了建筑设计的人性化。
The city would operate on a more human scale if cars were banned from the centre. 如果禁止车辆进入市中心，这座城市的运行将更加人性化。
You may feel dwarfed by the sheer scale of the place. 看到此处气势如此恢宏，你可能会觉得自己很渺小。
The paintings are small in scale. 这些画尺寸较小。
pollution on a massive scale 大范围的污染 
On a global scale, 77% of energy is created from fossil fuels. 全球77%的能量产生自化石燃料。           
The dentist scaled and polished my teeth. 牙医为我刮除牙石，抛光了牙齿。
the scale of C major C大调音阶 
to practise scales on the piano 在钢琴上练习音阶          
Here was corruption on a grand scale. 这里的腐败现象曾十分严重。
It was impossible to comprehend the full scale of the disaster. 这场灾难的严重程度是无法充分认识的。
It is difficult to comprehend the sheer scale of the suffering caused by the war. 人们很难理解战争造成的苦难有多严重。
It was not until morning that the sheer scale of the damage could be seen (= how great it was). 直到早晨才看清了损害的严重程度。
the scale of destruction 破坏的严重程度 
However, he underestimates the scale of the problem. 然而，他低估了问题的严重性。
salary, wage（尤英）scale 薪资等级 
The company has a five-point pay scale. 这家公司的工资分为五个等级。
those on the high end of the pay scale 工资级别最高的人 
After 10 years, she had worked her way to the top of the pay scale. 10年后，她已拿到了最高级别的薪水。
Benefits are paid on a sliding scale according to family income. 补助金的发放根据家庭收入而定，数额不等。
A Registered Osteopath will be pleased to tell you his scale of fees before you decide on a consultation. 在病人决定是否就诊之前，注册整骨医师会很乐意告知其收费标准。
to evaluate performance on a scale from 1 to 10 按1到10级来评估业绩 
On a scale of 1 to 10, he scores 7. 按从1到10的计分标准评定，他得到7分。
The patient rates the therapies on a scale of zero to ten. 患者按十分制给这些治疗方法打分。
Patients were asked to state their level of anxiety on a 10-point rating scale. 患者被要求用十分制打分标准给出各自焦虑程度的分值。
Can you give me any sort of time scale for the completion of the building work? 你能不能告诉我这个建筑工程的完工进度？
Beaufort scale 蒲福风级 
The earthquake measured 6.4 on the Richter scale. 地震强度为里氏6.4级。
the social scale 社会等级体系 
He has risen up the social scale from rather humble beginnings. 他从低位卑微的无名小卒开始打拼，获得了现今的社会地位。
At the other end of the scale, life is a constant struggle to get enough to eat. 对于处在社会最底层的人来说，生活就是为吃饱肚子而不断挣扎的过程。
a scale ranging from ‘utterly miserable’ to ‘deliriously happy’ 从“悲惨之王”到“快乐如痴”的不同程度 
Where do birds come on the evolutionary scale? 在进化等级中，鸟类处于什么位置？

adj. ~ (to sb/sth) 陌生而令人害怕的、不熟悉的:
adj.（生物）来自外星的:
n. [C] 外星人、外星生物:
adj. ~ to sb/sth [贬] 不相容的、格格不入的:
adj. [常贬] 属于另一个国家、种族、社会或群体（通常指令人厌恶或惧怕的国家、种族、社会或群体）的，即外国的、异域的、异族的:
n. [C]（美式英语也用non-citizen）[法律用语或术语] 外国人、外侨:
alien |[ˈeɪliən]
an alien environment 陌生的环境 
In a world that had suddenly become alien and dangerous, he was her only security. 在一个突然变得陌生而危险的世界里，他是她唯一的守护神。
It was an act of violence that she found alien and shocking. 这是一起让她感到陌生和震惊的暴力行为。
They spoke a language totally alien to him. 他们说一种对他来说完全陌生的语言。
alien beings from outer space 外星人 
aliens from outer space 来自外太空的外星人 
space alien 外星人 
Do you genuinely believe that space aliens have landed on our planet? 你真的相信外星人来过我们的星球吗？
Few movies represent intelligent aliens as physically different from humans. 多数电影中有智慧的外星人几乎与人类长得差不多。
He was convinced that he'd been abducted by aliens. 他坚信自己被外星人绑架过。
In the movie aliens invade Earth. 该影片中，外星人入侵了地球。
The idea is alien to our religion. 这种思想与我们的宗教不相容。
Such an attitude is alien to most businessmen. 大多数商界人士都会对这样的态度感到陌生。
Cruelty was quite alien to him. 他绝无残忍之心。
an alien culture 异域文化 
He said they were opposed to the presence of alien forces in the region. 他说他们反对外国军队驻扎在该地区。
undocumented alien（美）未登记的侨民（即非法入境侨民）
Illegal aliens are usually deported to their country of origin. 非法外侨通常被逐回原籍国。
undesirable alien 不受欢迎的外国人 
resident alien 外籍居民 
It is illegal for employers to hire aliens not authorized for employment.（美）雇主雇用无就业许可的侨民是非法的。
Both women had hired illegal aliens for child care.（美）两个女人都曾雇过非法入境者照看孩子。
During the war, he was imprisoned as an enemy alien. 战争期间，他作为敌国侨民被关押。

n. 1 [C] 轴（旋转物体假想的中心线）:
2 [C] [几何学] 某个形状的中心线（将该形状分为两个相等的部分）:
n. [C] [术语]（尤指图表中的）固定参考轴线，坐标轴:
n. [usually sing.] [正式] 两个或两个以上的国家之间订立的协议或结成的联盟:
axis |[ˈæksɪs]
（复数形式为axes）
Mars takes longer to revolve on its axis than the earth. 火星自转一周的时间比地球长。
The earth spins on its axis. 地球绕地轴旋转。
the earth's axis of rotation 地球的旋转轴 
an axis of symmetry 对称轴 
The axis of a circle is its diameter. 圆的对称中心线就是直径。
（复数形式为axes）
vertical, horizontal axis 纵坐标轴；横坐标轴 
x, y, z axis x轴；y轴；z轴 
The speed is measured along the horizontal axis. 速度用横轴来表示。
the Franco-German axis 法德轴心

adj.（动作）流畅熟练的:
adj. 1 fluent (in sth) 能够流畅良好地说或写一门语言（尤指外语），即流利的:
2（语言，尤指外语）被表达得流利的:
fluent |['flu:ənt]
fluent handwriting, fluent movements 优美熟练的笔迹；优美流畅的动作 
She’s fluent in Polish. 她的波兰语很流利。
a fluent speaker 一个说话流利的人 
a fluent reader 一个阅读熟练的人 
a fluent debater 一位流利的辩手 
He speaks fluent Italian. 他说一口流利的意大利语。

vt. 1 design sth (for sb/sth) 通过画出方案、制作模型等方式来决定某事物将来的外观、工作原理等，可称为设计、制图、构思:
design sth (as sth) 常用被动式，（为某一目的或用途而）制作、设计:
n. 1 [U, C] 在某事物（如一栋建筑物、一本书、一部机器等）的制作方面，可指对其不同部分所进行的通盘安排，可称为设计、布局、安排:
2 [U] 通过画出方案、制作模型等方式来决定某事物将来的外观、工作原理等，是一种艺术或过程，可称为设计艺术、构思等:
3 [C] design (for sth) 制作某东西（或做某事）所需要的一份图样或方案，如设计图样、设计方案:
vt. 1 思考并规划一个体系（或一种做某事的方式等），可称为计划、筹划、制定:
design sth (as sth) 常用被动式，（为某一目的或用途而）打算:
n. [U, C] 一个计划、打算、目的或意图:
n. [C] 作为装饰的（线条和图案的）一种安排，可称为装饰图案、花纹等，相当于pattern:
design |[dɪ'zaɪn]
to design a car, to design a dress, to design an office, to design a poster 设计汽车；设计连衣裙；设计办公室；设计海报 
the first yogurt designed especially for babies and toddlers 第一种专为婴幼儿设计的酸奶 
a service designed exclusively for women 女士专属服务 
2 design sth (for sth) 
The method is specifically designed for use in small groups. 这方法是专为小组活动设计的。
Their new car is still at the design stage. 他们的新车尚处于设计阶段。
The magazine will appear in a new design from next month. 从下月起这本杂志将以新的设计面世。
architectural, industrial, interior design 建筑设计；工业设计；室内设计 
computer-aided design 计算机辅助设计 
the design and development of new products 新产品的设计和开发 
software, website design 软件设计；网站设计 
design business, design company, design firm 设计行业；设计公司 
design director, design team 设计主管；设计团队 
design program, design software 设计程序；设计软件 
designs for aircraft 飞机的设计图样
We need to design a new syllabus for the third year. 我们需要为三年级学生制订一个新的课程大纲。
2 design sth (for sth) 
The programme is designed to help people who have been out of work for a long time. 这项计划的目的是为长期失业者提供帮助。
It is all part of his grand design. 这都是他那宏大计划的一部分。
evil design 邪恶的意图 
Had it happened by accident or by design? 这件事是意外还是人为策划的？
abstract, circular, floral, geometric, symmetrical design 抽象的图案；环形的图案；花卉图案；几何图案；对称图案

adj. [常贬] 务实的:
adj. [常贬] 无趣的、不激动人心的，即单调的:
adj. [常贬] 平淡的、平凡的:
mundane |[mʌnˈdeɪn]
On a more mundane level, can we talk about the timetable for next week? 说点儿实际的吧，我们能谈谈下周的时间安排吗？
mundane task 单调的任务 
I found the job very mundane. 我觉得这工作非常单调。          
mundane job 平凡的职业 
the mundane realities of life 平淡的现实生活 
I lead a pretty mundane existence. 我过着相当平淡的生活。

vi. withdraw (from sth) (into sth) 变得更安静，且花更少的时间与人交往:
vt.＆vi. 1 withdraw (sb/sth) (from sth)（使）从某地或某种情况中撤离，撤退；也可叫移开或拿走，相当于pull out。是此义的常规用词:
2 withdraw (sb/sth) (from sth)（使）退出某一活动或组织:
vt. 1 withdraw sth (from sth) 停止向某人提供…或给予…:
2 正式用法，指收回自己刚说过的话，也可指收回支持或爱，相当于retract:
vt. 从银行账户中取钱:
withdraw |[wɪð'drɔ:]
She withdrew into her own world. 她把自己封闭在个人的世界里。
She’s beginning to withdraw into herself. 她开始变得不爱与人交往了。
The government has agreed to withdraw its troops. 政府已经同意撤军。
She withdrew her hand from his. 她把手从他的手里抽了回来。
to withdraw from the EU 退出欧盟 
to withdrew from treaty 退出条约 
He was forced to withdraw from the competition due to injury. 由于受伤，他不得不退出比赛。
Workers have threatened to withdraw their labour (= go on strike). 工人扬言要罢工。
to be withdrawn from sale 被停止销售 
She formally withdrew her resignation. 她正式收回了她的辞呈。
to withdrew the allegations 收回这些说法 
to withdraw their support 撤回他们的支持 
He eventually withdrew in favour of Blair, thought to be the more popular candidate. 他最终转而支持布莱尔这位被认为是更受欢迎的候选人。
I’d like to withdraw £500 please. 我想取250英镑。

vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (with sth)（使）与某事同时发生；（使）与某事物以相同的速度移动:
synchronize |[ˈsɪŋkrənaɪz]
The timing of the attack was synchronized with the ambassador’s arrival. 攻击时间与大使抵达的时间同步。
The sound track did not synchronize with the action. 声迹与动作不同步。
Synchronise the score with the film action. 配乐和电影情节进行同步合成。
It was virtually impossible to synchronise our lives so as to take holidays and weekends together. 想让我们的生活步调保持一致好一起去度假和过周末几乎是不可能的事。
Let's synchronize our watches (= make them show exactly the same time). 咱们对一下表吧。

adj. 1 [只用于名词前]（常用于each之后）单独的、个别的:
2 [常贬] 独特的、与众不同的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 一个人的；供一个人用的:
n. 1 [C] 个人:
2 [C] 与众不同的人、有个性的人:
n. [C] [非正式，常贬] 某类人，尤指古怪的人:
individual |[ˌɪndɪˈvɪdʒuəl]
We interviewed each individual member of the community. 我们采访了社区中的每个成员。
The minister refused to comment on individual cases. 那位部长拒绝对具体个案发表评论。
a highly individual style of dress 十分有个性的衣着风格
respect for individual freedom 对个人自由的尊重 
an individual pizza 供一人食用的比萨饼 
The competition is open to both teams and individuals. 团队和个人均可参加比赛。
Treatment depends on the individual involved. 治疗方式因人而异。
donations from private individuals (= ordinary people rather than companies, etc.) 私人捐赠 
outstanding, talented individual 杰出的人；有天赋的人 
key individual 关键人物 
powerful individual 有权势的人 
creative individual 有创造力的人 
average, ordinary individual 一般人；普通人 
private individual 私人 
The motives influencing a particular individual may change from time to time. 影响特定个体的动机可能会随时改变。
autonomous, independent individual 自主的个体；独立个体 
Society does not consist of isolated individuals, but people in a network of relationships. 社会不是一个个孤立的个体，而是由相互关联的人构成的。
unique individual 独特的人 
a group of like-minded individuals 一群志同道合的人 
We welcome applications from suitably qualified individuals. 我们欢迎符合条件的个人提出申请。
We know that all human individuals are unique. 我们知道所有人类个体都是独一无二的。
The teacher should treat each pupil as an individual. 教师应该把每位学生当成一个独立的个体来对待。
Although individuals vary widely, the bones of the average female skeleton are smaller and lighter than the male. 尽管个体差异很大，但一般来说，女性的骨骼与男性相比更小、更轻。
No single individual had done so much for the development of the motor vehicle. 没有哪一个人对机动车的发展作出过如此大的贡献。
The needs of the community outweigh those of any single. 群体的需要重于任何个人的需要。
the freedom of the individual 个人的自由 
It's up to the individual concerned to contact the police. 应该由相关人员来决定是否与警方联系。
Each course has to be tailored to the needs of the individual. 每门课程都必须根据个人的需要而设计。
respect for the individual 对个人的尊重 
Eating habits are bound to vary from individual to individual. 饮食习惯肯定因人而异。
She's grown into quite an individual. 她已经长成了一个相当有个性的人。
She had taken a group of individuals and made them into a superb team. 她接管了个性各异的一组人并把他们打造成了一个卓越的团队。
an odd-looking individual 模样怪异的人 
So this individual came up and demanded money. 于是这个怪人就走上前来要钱。

vt.＆vi. 常与can，could或be able to连用，尤用于否定句或疑问句，指有足够的时间去做某事，即花得起时间，无被动式:
vt.＆vi. 常与can或could连用，尤用于否定句和疑问句，指承担得起后果，无被动式:
vt. 将…提供给某人，为正式用法。主语可以是物:
vt.＆vi. 常与can，could或be able to连用，尤用于否定句或疑问句，指买得起，其主语是人。无被动式:
afford |[ə'fɔ:d]
She felt she couldn’t afford any more time off work. 她觉得再也抽不出时间歇班了。
They could ill afford to lose any more staff.（正式）他们再也损失不起任何员工了。
We cannot afford to ignore this warning. 我们对这个警告绝不能等闲视之。
We cannot afford any more delays. 我们不能再有任何耽搁了。
The tree affords some shelter from the sun. 这棵树可以挡一挡太阳。 
I couldn’t afford £50 for a ticket. 我拿不出50英镑买一张票。
I couldn’t possibly afford to eat in that restaurant. 那家饭馆我根本吃不起。
She can well afford to pay for herself. 她自己完全能够付得起钱。

n. [C]（所呈现的事物的）角度；或其状态、性质:
adj. 常作前置定语，指无忧无虑的；愉快的；快活的:
adj. 1 常作前置定语，指（工作或锻炼）容易做的；轻松的；不使人疲劳的:
2 娱乐性的（而非严肃的）且无需耗费太多脑力的，如（书籍、音乐、电影等）轻松的:
3（说话等的方式）轻松的；不严肃的:
adj. 含有很多空气的，即松软的:
adj. 1 重量轻的:
2 常作前置定语，指比平均重量（或平常重量）轻的:
3 与重量单位连用，指分量不足的:
4（行动的结果）不严重的；（惩罚）轻的:
adj. 充满亮光的；明亮的；有自然光的:
vt. 常用被动式，指照亮，使明亮:
n. 1 [U]（太阳、灯、火等所发出的，使人可以看见东西的）光；光线；光亮。是此义的基础和常规用词，含义较为广泛:
2 [C]（具有某种颜色和特性的）光:
n. [U]（图画中和暗色相对比的）亮色或浅色:
adj. 浅色的；淡色的:
n. [sing.]（人的眼中可以表现出其想法或感情的）眼神。不常用:
adj. 只作前置定语，指人睡得不沉的，容易醒的:
n. [C] 发光体，光源（尤指电灯）:
n. [sing.]（可以点燃香烟的）火柴或打火机、点火器:
adj. 1（食物或饮料）不含太多脂肪的；味道清淡的；容易消化的:
2 含有很多空气的，即松软的:
adj.（饮料）酒精含量低的:
adj.（一顿饭）少量的:
vt. 使…开始燃烧，即点燃，点火:
vi. 开始燃烧，燃起来:
n. [C] 建筑领域可指窗户，或允许光线进入的开口（或称光线进口，采光孔）:
adv. 用于travel light结构中，共同表示轻装上路:
n. [pl.] traffic lights可指交通信号灯:
vt. [文学] 用光指引某人:
adj. 1 常作前置定语，指（动作、活动等）轻盈的，轻柔的，柔和的，不太用力的:
2（数量、程度、强烈程度等）少的或低的、轻的:
light |[laɪt]
He has worked hard in recent months to portray New York in a better light. 最近几个月他一直努力工作要从一个更好的角度描绘纽约。
I left the island with a light heart. 我怀着愉快的心情离开了那个小岛。
some light housework 一些轻松的家务活 
to take a little light exercise 做些轻微的运动 
light reading for the beach 海滩消遣读物 
light classical music 古典轻音乐 
She kept her tone light. 她一直用温和的语气说话。
Talk to him in a light way. 以一种轻松的方式跟他谈一谈。
This programme looks at the lighter side of politics. 这个节目着眼于政治较轻松的方面。
We all needed a little light relief at the end of a long day. 在漫长的一天结束时我们都需要一点轻松的调剂。
This pastry is so light. 这种酥皮糕点可真松软啊。
The tent is light enough for backpacking and touring. 这顶帐篷很轻，可以背着去旅行。
light summer clothes 轻薄的夏装 
light vehicles 轻型车辆 
The delivery of potatoes was several kilos light. 送货送来的土豆少了好几公斤。
a light sentence 从轻处罚
It gets light at about 5 o’clock. 大约5点钟天就亮了。
Paint shades appear lighter in full sunlight. 油漆的色彩在充足的阳光下会显得更加明亮。
The room was lit by only the one light. 这个房间只有这一盏灯照明。
a dimly lit street 昏暗的街道 
There was an explosion and the whole sky lit up. 一声爆炸，整片天空都照亮了。
Her face lit up with pleasure.（比喻用法）她满脸喜悦。
bright light 明亮的光线 
natural light 自然光 
morning light 晨光 
visible light 可见光 
the speed of light 光速 
a source of light 光源 
gentle light 柔光 
warm light 温暖的光 
cold light 冷光 
yellow light 黄色光
the artist’s use of light and shade 画家对明暗对比手法的运用 
light blue 浅蓝色 
Lighter shades suit you best. 较浅色的衣服对你最合适。
There was a soft light in her eyes as she looked at him. 她望着他，眼神很温柔。
She drifted into a light sleep. 她迷迷糊糊地睡得不沉。
I’ve always been a light sleeper. 我睡觉总是容易醒。
A light was still burning in the bedroom. 卧室里依然亮着灯。
electric, fluorescent, low-energy, neon light 电灯；荧光灯；节能灯；霓虹灯 
bedside, ceiling, outside, wall light 床头灯；顶灯；室外灯；壁灯 
bathroom light 浴室灯 
street light 街灯 
security, warning light 安全灯；警示灯 
brake, tail light 刹车灯；尾灯 
light switch 灯的开关 
Do you have a light? 你有火儿吗？
Stick to a light diet. 饮食要清淡。
a light, healthy lunch 易消化的健康午餐 
This pastry is so light. 这种酥皮糕点可真松软啊。
light beer 低度啤酒
light supper, light snack 简单的晚餐；简单的小吃 
I just want something light for lunch. 我午饭稍微吃点就够了。
She lit a candle. 她点着了蜡烛。
to light a cigarette 点燃一支烟 
The fire wouldn’t light. 这炉子点不着。
leaded lights 花饰铅条窗
Keep going--the lights are green. 不用停车——是绿灯。
the endless delays at lights and crosswalks 在交通信号灯和人行横道前没完没了的耽搁
Our way was lit by a full moon. 一轮明月照亮了我们的路。
She felt a light tap on her shoulder. 她感到有人在她肩上轻轻地拍了一下。
the sound of quick light footsteps 轻快的脚步声 
You only need to apply light pressure. 你只要轻轻地一压就行了。
light traffic 来往车辆稀少 
The forecast is for light showers. 天气预报说有小阵雨。
light winds 微风 
Trading on the stock exchange was light today. 证券交易今日交易量很少。

adj. 1 [正式] 明显得可觉察得到的、看得出的:
2 [正式] [术语] 可用感官来感知的:
perceptible |[pəˈseptəbl;美pərˈs-]
perceptible change, perceptible increase, perceptible decline, perceptible impact 可以察觉的变化；可以察觉的增长；可以察觉的下降；可以察觉的影响 
The price increase has had no perceptible effect on sales. 这次提价没有对销售产生明显的影响。
Her foreign accent was barely perceptible. 她的外国口音几乎听不出来。
Pasternak gave him a barely perceptible smile. 帕斯特纳克给了他一个几乎无法察觉的微笑。
There was a slight but perceptible air of neglect. 有一种微弱但可察觉的冷落意味。
The difference is barely perceptible to the average reader. 这种差别一般读者几乎是察觉不到的。
the perceptible world 可感知的世界

n. [U, sing.] 不常有机会去享受的乐趣或优势:
n. [U] 奢侈的享受，尤指对特别且昂贵的食物、饮料、衣服和各种生活用品的奢侈享受，也可称为奢华:
n. [C] 供享乐的昂贵物品（而非基本的生活必需品），即奢侈品:
luxury |[ˈlʌkʃəri]
We had the luxury of being able to choose from four good candidates for the job. 我们的挑选余地大，有四位出色的职位候选人可供选择。
He had the luxury of spending time at his family's summer home. 他难得有在自家的避暑别墅消遣的机会。
We were going to have the luxury of a free weekend, to rest and do whatever we pleased. 我们将有一个难得空闲的周末，可以休息，还可以高兴干什么就干什么。
Hot baths are my favourite luxury. 泡个热水澡是我的最大乐事。
It was sheer luxury to step into a hot bath. 泡个热水澡真是一种享受。
the ultimate luxury of a sauna in your own home 在自己家里洗桑拿的顶级享受
Now we'll be able to live in luxury for the rest of our lives. 如今我们可在有生之年过豪华生活了。
to lead a life of luxury 过奢侈的生活 
By all accounts he leads a life of considerable luxury. 据说他的生活颇为奢侈。
She was brought up in an atmosphere of luxury and wealth. 她在锦衣玉食的环境中长大。
He could not afford luxury food on his pay. 靠自己的工资他买不起奢侈的食品。
He rode on the president's luxury train through his own state. 他乘坐总统的豪华列车经过自己所在的州。
Silk sheets added the final touch of luxury. 丝质床单使豪华的感觉达到了极致。
We enjoyed the luxury of an expensive bottle of wine. 我们享受饮用名贵葡萄酒的奢华。
We can't afford such luxury. 我们消受不起如此的奢华。
The resort offers luxury on a grand scale. 该度假胜地提供全面的奢华享受。
luxury goods 奢侈品 
luxury hotel 豪华旅馆 
luxury car, luxury coach（英）, luxury liner（英）, luxury sedan（美）, luxury yacht 豪华小轿车；豪华车厢；豪华客轮；豪华轿车；豪华游艇 
luxury cruise 乘豪华游艇旅游 
luxury apartment, luxury flat（英）, luxury home 豪华公寓；豪华住房 
luxury goods, luxury items 奢侈品 
luxury brand 奢侈品牌 
people who can afford to buy luxury brands 买得起奢侈品的人 
the lap of luxury 生活优裕 
You're certainly living in the lap of luxury! 你可实在是养尊处优！
small luxuries like chocolate and flowers 像巧克力和鲜花之类的小奢侈品 
unnecessary luxury 不必要的奢侈品 
luxury tax 奢侈品税 
Bathrooms were a rare luxury at that time. 那个时候浴室是稀有的奢侈设施。
It was a luxury if you had a washing machine in those days. 那时候有洗衣机就算是奢侈了。
Telephones are still a luxury in some parts of Spain, Portugal, and Greece. 在西班牙、葡萄牙和希腊的一些地方，电话仍然是奢侈品。
We can't afford luxuries. 我们买不起奢侈品。
He missed the simple luxuries of life, like regular meals. 他很怀念生活中诸如按时吃饭这类简简单单的享受。
I love having a long, hot bath─it's one of life's little luxuries. 我喜欢在热水浴缸里多泡一会儿——这是生活里一种小小的享受。
A week by the sea is a luxury they can no longer afford. 到海边度假一周成了他们再也消费不起的一种奢侈。
She's had every luxury in life. 她享尽了生活的奢华。

vt.&vi.（使）（文字、感情等）起源于或来自于:
vt. [正式]（从…中）得到，获得（快乐、好处等）:
vt. [术语]（从…中）提取（某种物质）:
derive |[dɪˈraɪv]
Anna's strength is derived from her parents and her sisters. 安娜的坚强源自于她的父母和姐姐们。
The word ‘politics’ is derived from a Greek word meaning ‘city’. politics一词源自希腊语，意思是city。
The word Easter derives from Eostre, the pagan goddess of spring. Easter (复活节)一词由Eostre(多神教的春天女神)衍生而来。
Mr Ying is one of those happy people who derive pleasure from helping others. 英先生属于那种助人为乐的快活人。
He derived great pleasure from painting. 他从绘画中得到极大的乐趣。
We can derive some comfort from this fact. 我们可以从这个事实中得到一些安慰。" 
The lions clearly derive some benefit from living in groups. 狮子显然从群居生活中受益。
This income was derived directly from his writing. 这笔收入直接来源于他的写作。
The new drug is derived from fish oil. 这种新药是从鱼油中提炼出来的。

n. 1 [C]（公司或组织机构的）经理、主管:
2 [C] 运作一家公司或一个组织机构的一群人，即领导层:
adj. 1 [只用于名词前] 与公司或组织机构的管理有关的（涉及制定计划及做出决策），即经营管理的:
2 [只用于名词前] 有执行权的，即行政的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 昂贵的、供重要人物使用的:
n. [sing.] the executive指政府的行政部门:
executive |[ɪgˈzekjətɪv]
a chief executive in a computer firm 一家计算机公司的总裁 
Her husband is a senior bank executive. 她丈夫是银行高级主管。
a top executive in a large corporation 一家大公司的高层主管 
key contracts to prevent the loss of key executives 防止重要主管流失的合约 
one of the most successful TV executives 现有电视台执行官中最成功的一位 
The contract gives a female executive maternity leave rights. 合同给予女经理休产假的权利。
business, company, corporate, industry executive 公司经理；行业经理 
oil company executives 石油公司经理 
accout, advertising, financial, legal（英）, marketing, public relations, sales executive 会计主管；广告主管；财务主管；法务主管；营销主管；公关主管；销售主管 
media, metwork（尤美）, news（美）, record（美）, studio, television, TV executive 媒体主管；网络主管；新闻主管；唱片主管；演播室主管；电视主管 
One TV network executive has already called for more deregulation. 一名电视网主管已经呼吁进一步放松管制。
airline, auto（美）, oil（尤美）, technology（美）executive 航空公司主管；汽车主管；石油主管；技术主管 
The union's executive has/have yet to reach a decision. 工会领导层还有待做出决策。
She has an executive position in a finance company. 她是一家金融公司的领导层成员。
executive decisions, executive duties, executive jobs 经营管理的决策；经营管理的职责；经营管理的工作 
the executive dining room 管理人员食堂 
A successful job search needs to be as well organised as any other executive task. 成功的求职与执行其他任何任务一样，都需要良好的条理性。
I don't envisage I will take an executive role, but rather become a consultant on merchandise and marketing. 我不设想自己将成为管理人员，但很希望成为商品营销顾问。
executive authority 行政当局 
executive board, executive body, executive committee, executive officer 执行董事会；行政机构；执行委员会；行政长官 
the council's executive member for education（英）理事会的教育执行委员 
executive meeting（尤英）执行机构会议 
Executive power is held by the president. 执行权由董事长掌握。
He sits on the executive committee that manages Lloyds. 他是管理劳埃德保险公司的执行委员会成员。
Some executive members have called for his resignation. 一些执行委员会成员要求他辞职。
executive car, executive home 高级汽车；高级住宅 
executive suite (= in a hotel)（旅馆的）贵宾套房 
executive lounge (= at an airport)（机场的）贵宾休息室 
executive briefcase 高级公文包 
a chain of shops specialising in pricey executive toys 专卖价格昂贵的精美玩具的连锁商店
The government, the executive and the judiciary are supposed to be separate. 政府、行政部门和司法部门应该彼此分离。
The matter should be resolved by the executive branch of government. 这个问题应该由政府的行政部门解决。
She is a member of the party's national executive. 她是党的全国行政机构成员。
political executive 权力机关 
government, party, union（尤英） executive 政府行政机构；政党行政机构；工会行政机构 
Conservatives are believers in a strong executive. 保守派相信需要一个强大的行政机构。
ruling executive（英） 在任的行政当局 
elected executive 选举产生的行政机关 
Parliament's ability to control the executive（英） 议会控制行政机构的能力

vi.（价值、数额、水平、规模等）急速上升:
vi. ~ (up) (into sth) 快速而平稳地升空:
vi.（情绪）高涨、高昂:
vi.（树木、建筑物等）高耸、耸立:
vi.（音乐）音量猛地增大，音调陡然升高:
vi. 在高空中飞翔或翱翔:
soar |[sɔ:(r)]
The fuel shortage sent prices soaring. 燃料短缺使价格飞涨。
Property stock has soared to new heights. 地产股飞涨并创新高。
soaring costs 猛增的成本 
This model will soar up the sales charts. 该型号的销售业绩将迅速升高。
Retail sales soared by 10% in the twelve months to November. 零售额在截至11月份的12个月中猛增了10%。
Profits have soared dramatically in recent months. 近几个月来利润猛增。
Borrowing is set to soar to an astonishing £60 billion. 借款很有可能猛增至惊人的600亿英镑。
Inflation has soared from 5% to 15%. 通货膨胀率从5%猛增至15%。
Unemployment has soared to 18%. 失业率猛升到了18%。
Insurance claims are expected to soar. 预计保险索赔数量会急剧增加。
soaring temperatures 骤升的温度 
The death toll soared past 100 000. 死亡人数激增，超过了10万人。
The rocket soared (up) into the air. 火箭升空。
She stopped suddenly and her bag went soaring through the air. 她骤然停下，于是手提包嗖地飞到半空中。
Her spirits soared (= she became very happy and excited). 她情绪高涨。
soaring mountains 屹立的群山 
The cliffs soared upward. 峭壁高耸入云。
The building soared above us. 在我们眼前，那座大楼巍然高耸。
The steeple soars skyward. 尖顶高高耸立。
the soaring spire of a church 高耸入云的教堂尖塔
soaring strings 高昂的弦乐 
The music soared to the rafters, carrying its listeners' hearts. 音乐响彻屋宇，震撼人心。
His soaring voice cuts straight to the heart. 他那高昂的声音洞彻心扉。
an eagle soaring high above the cliffs 在山崖上空高高翱翔的鹰 
If you're lucky, a splendid golden eagle may soar into view. 幸运的话，会有一只光彩夺目的金雕飞入你的视野。
Buzzards soar overhead at a great height. 秃鹰在高空翱翔。
The ball went soaring past my head. 那球从我的头顶飞过。

n. [sing., U] [正式] ~ (of sth) 大量、充裕:
abundance |[əˈbʌndəns]
The area has an abundance of wildlife. 这片地区有丰富的野生动植物。
Mushrooms grew there in great abundance. 那里生长着大量磨菇。
Exotic plants are found in abundance. 大量奇花异草随处可见。
Food was in abundance. 食品充足。
We were amazed by the sheer abundance of food. 食物的丰盛令我们惊叹。
The country has an abundance of natural resources. 这个国家的自然资源十分丰富。
