ferocious				凶猛的，锋利凶险的，强烈的
intense						强烈的，紧张的
humidity				潮湿，湿度
elaborate				精细的，复杂的，详尽阐述
underlying					位于...之下，构成...的基础
endow					向...捐赠，赋予，设立
anticipate						预料，期望，是先驱
offshore						近海的，海上的，境外的
detriment				损害，有害物
nourishment				营养食物
lick					舔，打败，轻轻触及，快速
a lick of				一层
at a lick				迅速的
marsh					沼泽
perspire				出汗
gauge					标准宽度，测量仪器，精确测量，估计
explode					爆炸，爆发，激增，突然出现
fringe				流苏，边缘，非主流的
fascinating				迷人的
uneasy				忧虑的，令人不安的，不稳定的
expedition					远征，短途出行
organism				有机体
swallow					吞下，吞没，耗尽，相信
spare								闲置的，简朴的，备用品，匀出，放过，免去
means					方法，财富
proportion						部分，比例，均衡
obscene				淫秽的，骇人听闻的
meek					温顺的
herb							草本植物
mansion				公馆
minute				分，片刻，瞬间，记录...的要点
\\\\\\\\

adj.（动物、人或其行为） 凶猛的、残暴的:
adj.（感情）强烈的、决然的:
adj.（天气现象）猛烈的:
adj. 1（战争、争论等冲突）激烈的、猛烈的:
2（行动）强烈的、决然的:
ferocious |[fəˈrəʊʃəs;美-ˈroʊ-]
ferocious beast 猛兽
Lindbergh was startled at the ferocious depth of anti-British feeling. 反英情绪之深之烈令林德伯格大为震惊。
a man driven by ferocious determination 为强烈的决心所驱使的人
ferocious storm 狂风暴雨          
Fighting has been ferocious. 战斗十分激烈。
A ferocious battle to select a new parliamentary candidate is in progress. 推选一位新的议会候选人的激战正酣。
ferocious attack 猛烈的进攻 
ferocious opposition to the plan 对这个计划激烈的反对 

adj.（目光）有穿透力的、洞悉一切的:
adj. 1 程度很深的，如极端的、强烈的、剧烈的:
2 严肃的且短时间内有大量活动的，如激烈的:
3（一个人对…）有十分强烈的感情、观点或想法的:
intense |[ɪnˈtens]
I felt so self-conscious under Luke's mother's intense gaze. 在卢克母亲审视的目光下，我感到极不自在。
He gazed at me with those intense blue eyes. 他用那双深邃的蓝眼睛凝视着我。
intense heat, intense cold, intense pain 酷热；严寒；剧痛 
The President is under intense pressure to resign. 总统承受着沉重的辞职压力。
the intense blue of her eyes 她眼睛的深蓝色 
intense interest, intense pleasure, intense desire, intense anger 浓厚的兴趣；十分快乐；强烈的欲望；极端愤怒 
He was sweating from the intense heat. 高温酷热让他大汗淋漓。
Suddenly the room filled with intense light. 突然,刺眼的强光照亮了整个房间。
intense competition 激烈的竞争 
The battle for third place was intense. 第三名的争夺紧张激烈。
It was a period of intense activity. 那是活动激烈的时期。
The military on both sides are involved in intense activity. 双方的武装力量都有密集动作。
an intense look 热切的神情 
He's very intense about everything. 他对一切都很热心。
I know he's an intense player, but he does enjoy what he's doing. 我知道他是个拼命三郎,但他确实喜欢自己所做的事。
She is taller than I imagined, more adult, more intense. 她比我想象的更高、更成熟、更热切。

n. 1 [U] 空气的湿度:
2 [U] 湿热、高温潮湿:
humidity |[hju:ˈmɪdəti]
high, low humidity 高湿度；低湿度 
70% humidity 70%的湿度 
The humidity is relatively low. 湿度相对较低。
ambient humidity（术语）环境湿度 
relative humidity 相对湿度 
The air con controls the temperature and humidity in all the rooms. 空调控制所有房间的温度和湿度。
humidity level 湿度水平 
The museum is equipped with sophisticated humidity controls.博物馆安装了先进的湿度控制设备。
These plants need heat and humidity to grow well. 这些植物在高温潮湿的环境中才能生长得旺盛。
The humidity was becoming unbearable. 这种潮湿使人越来越难以忍受了。

adj. [常用于名词前] 非常复杂且详尽的；精心准备且精心组织的:
vt. 进一步完善（计划、想法、理论等）:
vt. 详细制定（计划、想法、理论等）:
vt.&vi. ~ (on/upon sth) 详尽阐述；详细描述:
elaborate |[ɪˈlæbərət]
elaborate designs 精心的设计 
highly elaborate carvings 非常精细的雕刻 
an elaborate research project 复杂的研究计划 
The plans looked very elaborate. 这些计划看起来非常周详。
an elaborate management training scheme for graduates 针对毕业生的详尽的管理培训计划 
elaborate efforts at the highest level to conceal the problem 最高层为了隐瞒问题而挖空心思 
an elaborate ceremony that lasts for eight days 持续八天的繁琐典礼 
She had prepared a very elaborate meal. 她做了一顿精美的饭菜。
He is known for his elaborate costumes. 他以着装精致而闻名。
an elaborate computer system 精密的计算机系统
In his plays he takes simple traditional tales and elaborates them. 他在剧本里采用了一些简单的传统故事并进行了发挥。
His task was to elaborate policies which would make a market economy compatible with a clean environment. 他的任务是制定详细政策，使得市场经济和清洁环境能够共存。
the plan elaborated by the five permanent members of the UN Security Council 由联合国安全理事会五个常任理事国详细制定的方案
He said he was resigning but did not elaborate on his reasons. 他说他准备辞职但未详细说明原因。
She went on to elaborate her argument. 她进而详尽阐述了她的论点。
A spokesman declined to elaborate on a statement released late yesterday. 发言人拒绝对昨天晚些时候发表的声明详加说明。
Would you care to elaborate? 你愿意详细说明一下吗？
This point will be elaborated further in the next chapter. 下一章将进一步阐述这一点。
Let me briefly elaborate on this. 让我对此简要说明一下。
They refused to elaborate on the reasons for their decision. 他们拒绝对其决定作出详细说明。

adj. [只用于名词前]（在一种情况中）重要但并不容易引起注意或不容易阐述清楚的，如隐含的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 在其它事物的表面下的:
underlying |[ˌʌndəˈlaɪɪŋ;美-dərˈl-]
The underlying assumption is that the amount of money available is limited. 隐含的假定是，可用的资金有限。
Unemployment may be an underlying cause of the rising crime rate. 失业可能是犯罪率攀升的潜在原因。
To stop a problem you have to understand its underlying causes. 要想杜绝问题的发生，必须弄清它的深层原因。
I think that the underlying problem is education, unemployment and bad housing. 我认为深层的问题在于教育、失业和糟糕的住房条件。           
the underlying rock formation 地表下的岩石结构 
hills with the hard underlying rock poking through the turf 坚硬的下层岩石穿过草皮凸出来的山丘 
Cars were covered with clear-coat finish at the factory to protect the underlying paint from fading. 工厂给汽车上了透明罩漆，以防底漆褪色。

vi. ~ sb/sth with sth 认为…具有某种品质:
vi. be ~ed with sth 天然具有某种特征、品质等:
vi. ~ sb/sth with sth [正式] 给予、赋予某个特点、品质等:
vt. 向学校等机构捐赠一大笔钱:
endow |[ɪnˈdaʊ]
She had endowed Marcus with the qualities she wanted him to possess. 她认为马库斯具有她所期望的品质。
She was endowed with intelligence and wit. 她天资聪颖。
You are endowed with wealth, good health and a lively intellect. 你生来就拥有财富、健康和活跃的思维。
to endow sb with a responsibility 赋予某人以责任 
Herbs have been used for centuries to endow a whole range of foods with subtle flavours. 数个世纪以来，香草一直被用于给各种食物增添淡淡的香味。           
The ambassador has endowed a $1 million public-service fellowships program. 大使资助了一项100万美元的公共服务奖学金计划。

vt. 对将要发生的事怀有一种高兴或兴奋的心情，如期盼、期待:
vt. [正式] 先于某人去做某事，早于某人行动:
vt. 预料、预期:
vt. 预见（将来会发生的事并采取行动为此事做好准备），如未待提出就回答（问题）；预先考虑并满足（请求、需要等）:
anticipate |[ænˈtɪsɪpeɪt]
We eagerly anticipated the day we would leave school. 我们迫切地期盼着毕业离校的那一天。
one of the most eagerly anticipated arts events of the year 一年中最受期盼的艺术盛事之一 
The eagerly anticipated movie will be released next month. 那出观众翘首企盼的电影将于下月上映。          
When Scott reached the South Pole he found that Amundsen had anticipated him. 斯科特到达南极时发现阿蒙森已先到过那里。
We don't anticipate any major problems. 我们预料不会发生什么大问题。
I don't anticipate it being a problem. 我认为它不会成为一个问题。
It is widely anticipated that she will resign. 大家都预料她会辞职。
They anticipate moving to bigger premises by the end of the year. 他们预期年底前迁入较大的经营场址。
At the time we couldn't have anticipated the result of our campaigning. 那时我们不可能预料到我们这项运动的结果。
We anticipate that sales will rise next year. 我们预料明年销售量将会增加。
It is anticipated that inflation will stabilize at 3%. 据预测，通货膨胀将稳定在3%。
It is anticipated that the equivalent of 192 full-time jobs will be lost. 预计将失去相当于192份全职工作的岗位。
Our anticipated arrival time is 8.30. 我们预计抵达的时间是8:30。
What Jeff did was to anticipate my next question. 杰夫预先回答了我的下一个问题。
Do you expect your partner to anticipate your needs? 你是否期望你的伴侣不等你提出就主动满足你的需要？
We need someone who can anticipate and respond to changes in the fashion industry. 我们需要一个能预见时装业变化并做相应安排的人。

adj. 1 常作前置定语，在海洋上离陆地很近的，即近海的:
2 常作前置定语，（风）从陆地吹向海洋的:
adv. 近海地:
adj. 常作前置定语，商业上可指（资金、公司等）设在海外（尤指税制较宽松的国家）的:
adv. 海外地:
offshore |['ɒfʃɔ:]
offshore drilling 近海钻探 
the offshore oil 近海石油 
an offshore island 近海岛屿 
offshore breezes 习习陆风 
A ship anchored offshore. 一艘船在近海抛锚了。
offshore investments 境外投资 
offshore banks 海外银行 
profits earned offshore 境外利润

without detriment (to sb/sth) 伤害、损害；造成伤害或损害的事物:
without detriment (to sb/sth) 伤害、损害；造成伤害或损害的事物:
without detriment (to sb/sth) 伤害、损害身体健康；对身体健康造成伤害或损害的事物:
detriment |[ˈdetrɪmənt]
to sb/sth's detriment 
to sb/sth's detriment 
He was engrossed in his job to the detriment of his health. 他全身心地投入工作结果损害了他的健康。
Children spend too much time on schoolwork, to the detriment of other activities. 孩子把太多的时间用于做作业，影响了他们参加其他活动。
These difficulties have been overcome without detriment to performance. 这些困难都已在不影响业绩的情况下得到了克服。
to sb/sth's detriment 
He was engrossed in his job to the detriment of his health. 他全身心地投入工作结果损害了他的健康。        

n. 1 [U] [正式或术语] 食物；营养品；养分:
2 [U] [正式或术语] 提供营养或吸收营养的过程，如滋养:
nourishment |[ˈnʌrɪʃmənt;美ˈnɜ:r-]
The mother provides the embryo with nourishment and a place to grow. 母亲为胎儿提供营养和成长的空间。
He was unable to take nourishment for several days. 他有几天不能吃东西了。
Can plants obtain adequate nourishment from such poor soil? 土壤这样贫瘠，植物能获得足够的养分吗？
Every animal in the food chain draws nourishment from other animals or plants. 食物链中的每一种动物都从其他动物或植物中获取养分。
As a child, she was starved of intellectual nourishment.（比喻用法）作为一个孩子，她渴望吸取知识的养分。
emotional, spiritual nourishment 情感滋养；精神食粮 
Sugar gives quick relief to hunger but provides no lasting nourishment. 糖能快速缓解饥饿感，但不能提供持久的营养。

A lick of something is a small amount of it. 少量
Lick is also a noun. 舔
When people or animals lick something, they move their tongue across its surface. 舔
lick |英 [lɪk]  美 [lɪk]| vt. 舔；卷过；鞭打/vt. （非正式）战胜/vi. 舔；轻轻拍打/n. 舔；打；少许/n. (Lick)人名；(英、匈)利克/
It could do with a lick of paint to brighten up its premises.用一点涂料就可以让房子明亮起来。
It's incredible how long a cat can go without more than a lick of milk or water.不可思议的是，猫不舔一口奶或一滴水能活这么久。
She folded up her letter, licking the envelope flap with relish.她把信折起来，享受地舔着信封盖。


n. [C, U] 湿地；沼泽:
marsh |[mɑ:ʃ;美mɑ:rʃ]
Cows were grazing on the marshes. 牛群在湿地上吃草。
He keeps his cattle on the marshes. 他在沼泽地放牛。
coastal, salt, saltwater, tidal marsh 海岸沼泽;盐沼;潮沼 
freshwater marsh 淡水沼泽 
grazing marsh（英）放牧的草泽 
marsh grass, marsh plant 沼泽草地；沼泽植物 
marsh bird沼泽地鸟类

vi. [正式] 出汗、排汗、发汗:
perspire |[pəˈspaɪə(r);美pərˈs-]
He began to perspire heavily. 他开始大量出汗。
mopping their perspiring brows 擦拭他们一直在出汗的额头 
He had been working hard and was perspiring profusely. 他一直在努力干活儿，身上大汗淋漓。
She was perspiring a little with the heat. 她热得微微出了点儿汗。

n. [usually sing.] ~ (of sth) 用于估计或判断的事实，如依据、尺度、标准:
n. 1 [C]（尤指金属或金属丝的）宽度、厚度、直径:
2 [C] [英式尤用bore] 枪管的口径:
3 [C]（铁道的）轨距；（火车的）轮距:
vt. 用仪器测量:
n. [C] 常构成复合词，指测量仪器或仪表:
vt. 判断，尤指判断人的感情或态度:
vt. 估计、估算（数量）:
n. [usually sing.] ~ (of sth) 用于估计或判断的事实，如依据、尺度、标准:
gauge |[geɪdʒ]
Tomorrow's game against Arsenal will be a good gauge of their promotion chances. 明天与阿森纳队的比赛是衡量他们能否升级的很好的依据。
The index is the government's chief gauge of future economic activity. 这一指数是政府判断未来经济活动的主要依据。
This company is seen as a gauge of our industrial well-being. 这家公司被视为衡量我们的工业是否呈良性发展的标尺。
What gauge of wire do we need? 我们需要多大直径的金属丝？
a 12-gauge shotgun 12号猎枪 
standard gauge (= 56½ inches in Britain) 标准轨距（在英国为56.5英寸）
a narrow gauge (= narrower than standard) railway 窄轨铁路
precision instruments that can gauge the diameter to a fraction of a millimetre 可测出直径为若干分之一毫米的精密仪器 
He gauged the wind at over thirty knots. 他测出风速在30节以上。
fuel, gas（美）, oil, petrol（英）gauge 燃料表；汽油表；油量计 
depth, pressure, rain, temperature gauge 深度计；压力表；雨量计；温度计 
The pilot checked the fuel gauge frequently. 飞行员经常查看燃料表。
The fuel gauge was reading ‘empty’. 汽油表显示油已用完。
The depth gauge tells you how deep you have dived. 深度计可以显示潜水的深度。
They interviewed employees to gauge their reaction to the changes. 他们与雇员面谈以判定他们的应变能力。
He tried to gauge her mood. 他试图揣摩她的心情。
It was difficult to gauge whether she was angry or not. 很难判断她是否在生气。
as he gauged possible enemy moves and his own responses 他在盘算着敌人可能的动向和自己的对策时 
His mood can be gauged by his reaction to the most trivial of incidents. 从他对鸡毛蒜皮的小事的反应就可以判断出他的情绪。
We were able to gauge the strength of the wind from the movement of the trees. 我们可根据树的摇动估计风力。
Distance is gauged by journey time rather than miles. 距离以行程时间而非英里数来计算。
It is difficult to gauge accurately how much fuel is needed. 难以精确估算出需要多少燃料。
Tomorrow's game against Arsenal will be a good gauge of their promotion chances. 明天与阿森纳队的比赛是衡量他们能否升级的很好的依据。
The index is the government's chief gauge of future economic activity. 这一指数是政府判断未来经济活动的主要依据。
This company is seen as a gauge of our industrial well-being. 这家公司被视为衡量我们的工业是否呈良性发展的标尺。          

vt. 表明或证明某事（尤指理论或神话）是错误的或不可能的，即推翻，破除:
vi. 指数字（或数量）突然快速增加，即激增，暴涨:
vi. explode (into/with sth) 愤怒的突然爆发:
vi. explode (into/with sth) 情感（如愤怒、恐惧、大笑）的突然爆发:
vi. 突然发出巨响:
vi. explode (into sth) 突然行动起来，用很大力量突然运动起来:
vi. explode (into/with sth) 指形势突然变得非常危险:
vt.＆vi. 爆炸，或使爆炸（即爆破），相当于blow up。explode一般是爆炸物本身所发出的动作（如其动作由人发出，则为“引爆”的意思）:
explode |[ɪk'spləʊd]
to explode a theory 推翻一套理论 
to explode the myth that thin equals beautiful 推翻瘦即美的神话
the exploding world population 迅猛增长的世界人口
She literally exploded with anger. 她简直气炸了。
She literally exploded with anger. 她简直是气炸了。
My heart was nearly exploding in fright. 我非常恐惧，心脏几乎要炸开了。
She practically exploded with laughter. 她突然爆发出一阵大笑。
Thunder exploded overhead. 雷声在头顶上炸开。
After ten minutes the game exploded into life. 比赛在十分钟后突然激烈起来。
He suddenly exploded into action. 他突然行动起来。
The demonstration exploded into a political turmoil. 游行示威演变成了一场政治动乱。
to explode into problems 爆发出问题 
A disagreement over public spending is set to explode. 对公共开支的争论一触即发。
Bombs were exploding all around the city. 城里到处都响起炸弹的爆炸声。
Bomb disposal experts exploded the device. 拆弹专家引爆了这个装置。
to explode prematurely 提前爆炸 
The bomb failed to explode. 炸弹没有爆炸。

n. [C] 某事物边缘上悬挂的、其装饰作用的流苏、穗:
n. [C, usually sing.] [尤英] [美也用bangs] 某人额前的短垂发，即刘海儿:
n. 1 [C] [英] 地区的边缘:
2 [C] [英] 群体的边缘:
3 [C] 沿着…边缘的一排（树木、房屋等）:
vt. [常用被动式] 在某事物周围形成一个边缘:
n. 1 [sing.]（通常用the fringe）（事件、活动的）次要部分、外围:
2 [sing.]（通常用the fringe）（群体、机构的）次要部分、外围:
3 [C] [英] 群体的边缘:
fringe |[frɪndʒ]
The jacket had leather fringes. 这件夹克有皮穗。
heavy, thick fringe 浓密的刘海 
floppy fringe 松弛下垂的刘海 
long fringe 长长的刘海 
My fringe needs trimming. 我的刘海要剪一下。
She kept brushing her fringe off her forehead. 她不停地把刘海从额前拨弄开。
She stared at us from beneath her fringe. 她的眼睛从刘海下盯着我们。
on the northern fringe of the city 该市的北部边缘 
the urban fringe, the rural fringe 市区边缘；农村边缘 
black townships located on the fringes of the city 城市周边的黑人居住区 
They lived together in a mixed household on the fringe of a campus. 他们一起住在校园边上一处男女合租的房子里。
fringe area 外围区域 
He moved from fringe theatre to the West End. 他从边缘剧场转到了伦敦西区。
costal fringe 海岸线 
the forests along the eastern fringe of the Andes 沿着安第斯山脉东缘的森林 
new housing around the urban fringe 城郊的新住房 
They pitched their tents at the fringe of the open fields. 他们在开阔地的边缘搭帐篷。
Beyond this fringe no agriculture is possible. 这个界限以外无法种植农作物。
Nina remained on the fringe of the crowd. 尼娜仍然在人群的边上。
These people live on the fringes of society. 这些人生活在社会的边缘。
a fringe of woodland 一条林带 
Along the coast, an industrial fringe had already developed. 沿海岸一片带状工业区已发展起来。
The beach was fringed by coconut palms. 沿海岸边长着椰子树。           
fringe meetings at the party conference 党会议的一些次要会议 
Street musicians have been gathering as part of the festival fringe. 街头音乐人正聚集起来，为会演作助兴演出。
The monarchists are a small fringe group who quarrel fiercely among themselves. 君主主义者是一个内部争吵激烈的非主流的小团体。
The party remained on the fringe of the political scene until last year. 直到去年为止这个政党一直处在政治舞台的外围。
He has always remained on the fringes of mainstream politics. 他一直处在主流政治的边缘。
radical fringe 激进分子 
lunatic fringe（英）狂热派 
the lunatic fringe of the nationalist parties 各民族主义党派内的狂热分子 
Nina remained on the fringe of the crowd. 尼娜仍然在人群的边上。
These people live on the fringes of society. 这些人生活在社会的边缘。

adj. 让人极其着迷的、极令人感兴趣的、迷人的:
fascinating |[ˈfæsɪneɪtɪŋ]
fascinating story, fascinating subject 迷人的故事；趣味无穷的话题 
The results of the survey made fascinating reading. 调查结果令人读起来饶有兴味。
It's fascinating to see how different people approach the problem. 看到不同的人怎样处理这个问题真是有趣极了。
I fail to see what women find so fascinating about him. 我就看不出他哪一点使女人神魂颠倒。
Madagascar is the most fascinating place I have ever been to. 马达加斯加是我去过的最迷人的地方。
Her perceptions and intuitions about human nature were fascinating. 她对人性的理解和感知引人入胜。
His testimony in court could prove fascinating. 他在法庭上的证词可能会很打动人。
It just seemed really fascinating to me. 我几乎真的为之着迷了。
a most fascinating book 一本极其令人着迷的书 
I find him rather fascinating. 我觉得他相当有魅力。
I find the natural world endlessly fascinating. 我发现自然界有无穷的魅力。
His later life is equally fascinating. 他的晚年生活同样吸引人。
What was fascinating to me was the way the creatures moved. 令我着迷的是这些动物的移动方式。

adj. ~ (about sth/about doing sth)（某人）（对局势）担忧的、焦虑的；心神不定的、不自在的:
adj.（某事）令人不安的、令人不舒服的:
adj. 1（对所做之事的对错）没把握的、不确定的:
2（局势或关系）不稳定的，动荡的:
adj.（混合在一起的两种事物、感情等）不和谐的；不协调的；矛盾的:
adj.（书或音乐）难懂的，晦涩的:
uneasy |[ʌnˈi:zi]
an uneasy laugh 不自然的大笑 He was beginning to feel distinctly uneasy about their visit. 他对他们的造访明显地感到不安起来。
I felt distinctly uneasy about lending her so much money. 借给她这么多钱，我明显感到心神不宁。
She felt uneasy about leaving the children with them. 把孩子托付给他们，她心里七上八下的。
We were starting to grow slightly uneasy. 我们开始有些不安起来。
She always felt uneasy with her body shape. 她总是对自己的体形感到不安。
She woke from an uneasy sleep to find the house empty. 她睡得不安稳，醒来时发现屋子里空无一人。
Richard was uneasy about how best to approach his elderly mother. 最好如何去跟年迈的母亲谈，理查德心里没有数。
Scientists feel uneasy about giving a positive answer. 科学家们觉得很难给出一个明确的答案。
an uneasy peace 不会持久的和平 
The two sides eventually reached an uneasy compromise. 双方最终达成了暂时的妥协。
An uneasy calm has settled over Los Angeles. 洛杉矶归于一种不稳定的平静之中。
The uneasy alliance between these two men offered a glimmer of hope. 两人之间不够稳固的联合给了人们一线希望。
an uneasy mix of humour and violence 幽默与暴力的矛盾组合 
Old farmhouses and new villas stood together in uneasy proximity. 破旧的农舍与崭新的别墅比肩而立，很不协调。
'Rid Of Me' is harrowing, uneasy listening.《弃我而去》这首歌非常伤感，听起来很晦涩。
This is an uneasy travel book. 这本旅游手册不是很好懂。

n. 1 [C] 带有特定目的（尤指为了发现未知之地）有组织的旅程，如远征、探险、考察:
2 [C] 远征队；探险队；考察队:
3 [C] [有时幽默]（当自己想要或需要某事物时所做的）短途出行:
expedition |[ˌekspəˈdɪʃn]
Byrd's 1928 expedition to Antarctica 伯德1928年前往南极洲的探险 
a major expedition to climb Mount Qomolangma 攀登珠穆朗玛峰的一次重要探险 
The Canadians agreed to a joint expedition with the French. 加拿大人同意与法国人进行一次联合远征。
John Franklin's ill-fated expedition to the Arctic 约翰·富兰克林命运坎坷的北极远征 
climbing, diving, hunting, scouting expedition 爬山之旅；潜水之旅；狩猎之旅；侦察之旅 archaeological, research, scientific expedition 考古活动；研究性考察；科学考察 
military, naval expedition 军事远征；海军远征 
The army sent a punitive expedition into Mexico. 陆军派远征军讨伐墨西哥。
Antarctic expedition 南极探险 
Spanish exploratory expeditions in the 16th century 16世纪西班牙人的考察探险 
He had made two expeditions to Spain to study wild plants. 他两次远行，去西班牙考察野生植物。
She was about to embark on a major expedition. 她正要进行一次较大规模的考察。
Every scientific expedition was accompanied by a photographer. 每一支科考远征队都有一名摄影师随行。
They plan to launch an expedition into the mountains.他们计划发起一次山区探险。
The expedition returned only two weeks after it had left. 考察队伍出发两星期后就返回了。
On January 21 the expedition reached the South Pole. 1月21日探险队到达了南极。
expedition leader, expedition member 考察队领队；考察队成员 
expedition party, expedition team考察团；考察队 
He led a military expedition against the rebels. 他帅部征伐叛乱者。
an expedition into the interior of Australia 深入澳大利亚内陆之旅 
a naval expedition to West Africa 前往西非的海军远征 
Three members of the Everest expedition were killed. 三名珠穆朗玛峰探险队员遇难。
Caroline joined them on the shopping expeditions. 卡罗琳加入了他们的购物之旅。
a fishing expedition 垂钓之旅

n. [C]（各部分彼此相依赖的）有机体系:
n. [C] 生物，尤指微生物，即有机体:
organism |[ˈɔ:gənɪzəm;美ˈɔ:rg-]
the social organism (= society) 社会机体
developing, growing, living organism 培育中的有机体；成长的有机体；活的有机体 
simple organism 简单有机体 
complex, higher organism 复杂有机体；高等有机体 
biological organism生物有机体 
human organism 人类有机体 
aquatic, marine organism 水生生物；海洋微生物 
microscopic organism 微生物 
the insect-borne organisms that cause sleeping sickness 通过昆虫传播、导致昏睡病的微生物 
Not all chemicals normally present in living organisms are harmless. 并不是所有常见于生物体中的化学物质都无害。

vt. 相信…是真的，即信以为真:
vt. 没有抱怨或抗议地忍受（侮辱、批评等），即默默忍受:
vt. 隐藏自己的感情:
vi.（尤指由于紧张）使喉咙做出类似吞咽东西的动作:
vt. swallow sb/sth (up) 常用被动式，把某人或某物弄进来，或将其完全覆盖（使其不能被看到或不再单独存在）:
n. [C] 一次所吞咽的食物或饮料的数量，可称为一口:
vt.＆vi. 使食物、饮料等从咽喉进入胃里，如咽下，吞下:
n. [C]（食物或饮料的）咽，吞:
n. [C] 燕子:
vt. swallow sb/sth (up) 用尽或用光某事物（尤指花光一笔钱），是一种形象化用法:
swallow |['swɒləʊ]
I found her excuse very hard to swallow. 我觉得她的理由很难让人相信。
He told her a pack of lies, but she swallowed it whole. 他对她讲了一堆谎话，可她全都信以为真。
He just sat there and swallowed all their remarks. 他就坐在那儿默默地任凭他们评论。
to swallow your doubts 不流露怀疑 
You’re going to have to swallow your pride and ask for your job back. 你得放下架子，去求人家给你恢复原职。
She swallowed hard and told him the bad news. 她硬下心把坏消息告诉了他。
She swallowed convulsively, determined not to cry. 她抑制不住地咽了几口气，决心不哭出声来。
He swallowed back the lump in his throat. 他强忍住喉头的哽咽。
I watched her walk down the road until she was swallowed by the darkness. 我看着她沿公路越走越远，直至消失在黑暗中。
Large areas of countryside have been swallowed up by towns. 大片大片的乡村地区被城镇吞噬。
She swallowed down her breakfast in a hurry. 她匆匆吞下了早饭。
The pills should be swallowed whole. 这些药要吞服。
She accidentally swallowed a glass bead. 她不小心吞下了一颗玻璃珠。
Most of my salary gets swallowed (up) by the rent and bills. 我的工资大多支付房租和各种日常费用了。

vt. [正式] spare sb/sth (from sth)（尤指当其他人未逃脱时）允许其逃离伤害、损害或死亡，即饶恕；赦免；放过等:
vt. 1（不吝惜时间、金钱）尽一切努力以达成…或把某事做好:
2 not spare yourself 不遗余力地工作:
vt. 1 spare sb/yourself (from) sth 为…免除或省去（痛苦、麻烦等）令人不快的经历:
2 [正式] 幸免:
adj.（人）瘦的，且通常还很高的:
n. [C] 备用品，尤指汽车的备用轮胎:
adj. 只作前置定语，备用的；外加的:
adj. 1 常作前置定语，指现在用不着的（或不需要的），即闲置的:
2（时间）空闲的，空余的:
spare (sb) sth 抽出；拨出；匀出；留出（时间）；剩下（未使用的或不需要的时间）:
2（不吝惜时间）尽一切努力以达成…或把某事做好:
spare (sb) sth 抽出；拨出；匀出；留出（金钱、房间、心思等）；剩下（未使用的或不需要的金钱、空间等）:
spare (sb) sth 抽出；拨出；匀出；留出（金钱、房间、心思等）；剩下（未使用的或不需要的金钱、空间等）:
n. [pl.] [尤英] spares 可指（机器的）备品，备件，相当于spare parts:
vt.（不吝惜金钱）尽一切努力以达成…或把某事做好:
spare (sb) sth 抽出；拨出；匀出；留出（金钱）；剩下（未使用的或不需要的金钱）:
n. [C] 汽车的备用轮胎:
spare |[spεə][spεə]
They killed the men but spared the children. 他们杀了大人，但留下了孩子。
We have lost everything, but our lives have been spared. 我们失去了一切，但保住了性命。
He spared no effort to make her happy again. 为使她重新快乐起来，他想尽了办法。
No expense was spared in furnishing the new office. 装潢新办公室不惜工本。
He wanted to spare his mother any anxiety. 他不想让母亲有丝毫的担忧。
Please spare me the gruesome details. 那些让人毛骨悚然的细节就请你不要讲了。
to spare a trip 免得跑一趟 
I wanted to spare Tom the embarrassment of discussing this subject. 我想使汤姆免遭讨论这个话题的尴尬。
During the bombing only one house was spared. 在轰炸中，只有一座房子幸免。
The storm largely spared Houston and surrounding districts. 暴风雨基本未危害到休斯敦及其周边地区。
The children were spared from the virus. 孩子们没被病毒感染。
to get the spare out of the boot/trunk 从汽车行李箱中取出备用轮胎 
Give me the boot key and I’ll get the spare. 给我行李箱钥匙，我去配一把备用。
spare key, spare tyre 备用钥匙；备用轮胎 
spare clothes 额外准备的衣服
a spare bedroom 闲置的卧室 
I haven’t got any spare cash. 我手头没有多余的现金。
Are there any tickets going spare? 有多余的票吗？
He’s studying music in his spare time. 他在空闲时间学音乐。
I haven’t had a spare moment this morning. 我一上午一会儿也没闲着。
vt. 1 spare sth/sb (for sb/sth) 
to spare the time 抽出时间 
to spare 10 minutes 抽出10分钟 
We should get there with half an hour to spare. 我们应该提前半个小时到那儿。
He spared no effort to make her happy again. 为使她重新快乐起来，他想尽了办法。
vt. spare sth/sb (for sb/sth) 
We can only spare one room for you. 我们只能给你腾出一个房间。
Could you spare one of your staff to help us out? 你能不能从你手下抽调一个人过来帮帮我们？
to spare a thought for sb 为某人着想 
She hardly spared him a second glance. 她几乎没看他第二眼。
Can you spare some money for the homeless? 你能否为无家可归的人出点儿钱呢？
vt. spare sth/sb (for sb/sth) 
We can only spare one room for you. 我们只能给你腾出一个房间。
Could you spare one of your staff to help us out? 你能不能从你手下抽调一个人过来帮帮我们？
to spare a thought for sb 为某人着想 
She hardly spared him a second glance. 她几乎没看他第二眼。
Can you spare some money for the homeless? 你能否为无家可归的人出点儿钱呢？
It can be difficult to get spares for some older makes of car. 有些旧型号汽车可能不好买配件。
No expense was spared in furnishing the new office. 装修新办公室不惜工本。
vt. spare sth/sb (for sb/sth) 
to spare some money 拨出点儿钱 
Have you any money to spare? 你还有余钱吗？
to get the spare out of the trunk 从汽车行李箱中取出备用轮胎

n. [C] means (of doing sth/of sth) 达成一个结果所采用的一种行动、一个物体或一个体系；达成某事或做某事所采用的一种方法、方式、途径，常翻译为“手段”:
n. [C] means (of doing sth/of sth) 达成一个结果所采用的一种行动、一个物体或一个体系；达成某事或做某事所采用的一种方法、方式、途径，常翻译为“手段”:
n. [pl.] 一个人所拥有的金钱、钱财，与finances词义相近，不过means常指私人的财力:
means |[mi:nz]
means of communication, means of identification, means of transport 通信手段；身份证件；交通工具 
the means for achieving happiness 获得幸福的方法 
legal, illegal means 合法手段；非法手段 
Painting had become his primary means of self-expression. 绘画已成为他自我表达的主要手段。
Is there any means of contacting him? 有没有什么办法和他取得联系？
means of communication, means of identification, means of transport 通信手段；身份证件；交通工具 
the means for achieving happiness 获得幸福的方法 
legal, illegal means 合法手段；非法手段 
Painting had become his primary means of self-expression. 绘画已成为他自我表达的主要手段。
Is there any means of contacting him? 有没有什么办法和他取得联系？
People should pay according to their means. 人们应该按照各自的负担能力来消费。
He doesn’t have the means to support a family. 他无钱养家。
The fees are beyond the means of most people. 费用超过了大多数人的承受能力。
to live within your means 量入为出 
a man of means 一个有钱人 
private means 私人收入 
to have independent means 有独立收入 
means test 经济状况调查

n. [U, C, usually pl.]（在程度、重要性等方面）正确的比例:
correct proportion 正确的比例:
n. [C] 整体的一个部分:
n. 1 [U] ~ (of sth to sth) 比例关系:
2 [U, C, usually pl.]（在尺寸、程度、重要性等方面）正确的比例、匀称:
3 [U] [数学] 两队数字之间的等比例关系（如4/8=6/12）:
n. [pl.] proportions可指某事物的量度，（通常指极其巨大的事物的）大小，尺寸、面积、体积、规模、程度:
proportion |[prəˈpɔ:ʃn;美-ˈpɔ:rʃn]
Always try to keep a sense of proportion (= of the relative importance of different things). 应常记在心，事有轻重缓急之分。
We must not lose our sense of proportion. 我们不能丧失主次观念。
Try to keep your view of the situation in proportion (= not think it is more serious than it is). 看待情势要客观。
The punishment was out of all proportion to the crime. 罚不当罪。
The costs of the plan are out of proportion to the budget available. 计划的成本与现有的预算不成比例。
Everything just got blown out of proportion. 所有一切都变得不可收拾了。
We've got to keep this in proportion. 我们应当正确对待这一点。
This issue was about to be blown out of proportion. 这个问题快要被夸大得没边没沿儿了。
The problem has been exaggerated out of all proportion. 问题被过分夸大了。
A significant proportion of the funding is likely to come from government. 相当大的一部分资金可能会来自政府。
The company employs men and women in roughly equal proportions. 公司聘用的男员工与女员工人数大致相等。
The chart shows government spending expressed as a proportion of national income. 这幅图表说明了政府开支在国民收入中所占的比重。
The unskilled section of the working class was diminishing as a proportion of the workforce.劳动力中非熟练工人的人数正在减少。
A large proportion of the dolphins in that area will eventually die. 那片区域里的很大一部分海豚终将死去。
A proportion of the rent is met by the city council. 一部分租金由市政委员会支付。
Water covers a large proportion of the earth's surface. 水覆盖了地球表面的大部分。
Loam is a soil with roughly equal proportions of clay, sand and silt. 壤土是由大约等份的黏土、沙和粉砂合成的。
The proportion of regular smokers increases with age. 习惯吸烟的人口比重随年龄的增长而上升。
A higher proportion of Americans go on to higher education than is the case in Britain. 美国人上大学的比例大于英国。
direct proportion 正比 
inverse proportion 反比 
The human population in the region is expanding in inverse proportion to the wildlife. 这个地区的人口在膨胀，而野生生物的数量却在减少。
The cost of insurance increases in proportion to the performance of the car. 汽车的性能越好，保险费用就越高。
The proportion of men to women in the college has changed dramatically over the years. 近年来，这个学院的男女学生比例出现了剧变。
The proportion of women in the profession had risen to 17.3%. 从事该职业的女性比例已升高到17.3%。
Women's bodies tend to have a higher proportion of fat to water. 女性的身体内脂肪与水分的比例往往更高。
The radio station has to include a substantial proportion of classical music. 该电台不得不播放大量的古典音乐。
The basic ingredients are limestone and clay in the proportion 2:1. 基本成分是石灰石和黏土，比例为2:1。
The proportion of sand to cement used was three to one. 所用的沙子与水泥的比例是3比1。
The room is very long in proportion to (= relative to) its width. 这房间的长度比宽度大很多。
The pressure in the cylinders would go up in proportion to the boiler pressure. 汽缸内的压力会随着汽锅压力的增加而相应增加。
Children tend to have relatively larger heads than adults in proportion to the rest of their body. 与成人相比，儿童头部占整个身体的比例相对较大。
correct proportion 正确的比例 
You haven't drawn the figures in the foreground in proportion. 你的前景人物画得不合比例。
The head is out of proportion with the body. 头部和身体不成比例。
an impressive building with fine proportions 比例谐调的雄伟建筑物 
You can vary the relative proportions of things in a picture very simply. 你能很简单地改变一幅画中事物的相对比例。
Always try to keep a sense of proportion (= of the relative importance of different things). 应常记在心，事有轻重缓急之分。
We must not lose our sense of proportion. 我们不能丧失主次观念。
Try to keep your view of the situation in proportion (= not think it is more serious than it is). 看待情势要客观。
The punishment was out of all proportion to the crime. 罚不当罪。
The costs of the plan are out of proportion to the budget available. 计划的成本与现有的预算不成比例。
Everything just got blown out of proportion. 所有一切都变得不可收拾了。
We've got to keep this in proportion. 我们应当正确对待这一点。
This issue was about to be blown out of proportion. 这个问题快要被夸大得没边没沿儿了。
The problem has been exaggerated out of all proportion. 问题被过分夸大了。
In the tropics plants grow to huge proportions. 在热带，植物会长得非常高大。
a room of fairly generous proportions 相当宽敞的屋子 
a fraud of breathtaking proportions 金额惊人的诈骗案 
This method divides the task into more manageable proportions. 这个方法把要完成的任务划分成较为易于操作的步骤。
The computer brings the huge task of stock control down to more manageable proportions. 计算机使繁重的存货管理工作变得比较易于操作。
The food shortage had reached crisis proportions. 食物匮乏严重，已可称之为危机了。
epidemic proportion 传染病的程度 
an entrance hall of perfect proportions 大小堪称完美的门厅

adj.（常指不好的数量、规模等）大得惊人的，骇人听闻的:
adj. 淫秽的、下流的:
obscene |[əbˈsi:n]
He earns an obscene amount of money. 他捞了一大笔钱。
It's obscene to spend so much on food when millions are starving. 当数以百万的人忍饥挨饿时，饮食上挥霍无度是天理难容。
It was obscene to spend millions producing unwanted food. 耗资数百万去生产一些不需要的食品，真是令人发指。
His salary was obscene for three 40-minute shows a week. 他一周只有三次节目，每次40分钟，但他的薪水实在高得离谱。
obscene gestures, obscene language, obscene books 淫秽的姿态；淫秽的语言；淫秽书籍 
an obscene phone call (= in which sb says obscene things) 色情骚扰电话 
I'm not prudish but I think these photographs are obscene. 我并不是个守旧的人，但是我认为这些照片不堪入目。
He continued to use obscene language and also to make threats. 他仍然不住口地说些污言秽语，而且还进行了威胁。
He muttered something obscene under his breath. 他低声嘟囔了句脏话。
A city magistrate ruled that the novel was obscene and copies should be destroyed. 一位市执法官裁定该小说为色情作品，应当全数销毁。
The bill leaves it up to the courts to decide what is obscene. 依据该法案，淫秽物的界定权在法庭。

adj.（人）温顺的、谦恭的、驯服的:
n. [pl.] the meek 指温顺的人、谦恭的人:
meek |[mi:k]
They called her Miss Mouse because she was so meek and mild. 他们称她为“鼠小姐”，因为她总是那么懦弱谦和。
He was a meek, mild-mannered fellow. 他是一个温顺随和的人。
the meekest and most docile of people. 众人之中最温顺驯良的一个 

n. [C] 用于食物调味的香草:
n. 1 [C] 药用的草，或用于食物调味的香草，或其他拥有宜人气味的香草:
2 [C] 术语可指草本植物:
n. [C] 药用的草:
herb |[hə:b]
culinary herb 调味香料 
herb salad（尤英）香草色拉
Chinese medicinal herb 中草药 
wild herb 野生的药草 
bitter herb 苦涩的药草 
to take herbs to facilitate recovery 服用药草来促进康复 
culinary herb 调味香料 
herb garden 芳草园 
herbs and spices 草药及香料 
annual herb 一年生草本植物 
herb species 草本物种
traditional herb 传统的药草

n. 1 [C] 大型宅第、公馆:
2 [pl.] [英] Mansions用于公寓楼名:
mansion |[ˈmænʃn]
The very best properties, however, the colonial mansions and villas, were reserved for the government. 不过，最好的地产——也就是殖民时期的宅邸和别墅——都留给了政府。
big, great, huge, large mansion 大楼；大厦；大宅第 
30-room. mansion 30个房间的大宅
grand, stately mansion 宏伟的大厦；庄严的大厦 
lavish, luxurious, luxury（尤英）, palatial mansion 豪华的宅第；豪宅；富丽堂皇的宅第 
beautiful mansion 漂亮的宅第 
country mansion（尤英）乡间宅第 
an 18th century country mansion 18世纪的乡村宅第 
old mansion 老宅子 
stone mansion 石宅 
Victorian mansion 维多利亚时期的宅第 
Beverly Hills mansion 贝弗利山庄 
family mansion 家族宅第 
executive mansion 官邸 
The rebels besieged the heavily fortified executive mansion. 叛乱分子包围了防守严密的政府官邸。
haunted mansion 闹鬼的宅第 
The historic mansion stands in 160 acres of parkland. 这栋具有历史意义的宅第矗立在160英亩的林木草地间。
mansion house 府邸 
mansion block, mansion flat（均英）公寓大楼；豪宅公寓 
2 Moscow Mansions, Cromwell Road 克伦威尔路莫斯科公寓2号 
Delaware Mansions, a block of 167 flats opposite the BBC Radio studios 特拉华公寓——一座位于英国广播公司电台对面拥有167间套房的公寓楼

vt. 将会议上所说的某事写进会议记录:
n. 1 [pl.] the minutes 可指在正式会议上对发言或决定所做的总结或记录，即会议记录，会议纪要:
2 [C] 关于某个主题的简短笔记，（尤指提出某个行动方案的）简短记录:
adj.（最高级为minutest，无比较级）细致入微的、详细的:
n. [C]（缩写为min.）分钟:
n. [sing.] [非正式] 非常短暂的一段时间，即一会儿:
n. [sing.] 时刻（是一个确切的时间点）:
adj.（最高级为minutest，无比较级）极小的:
n. [C] 分（为角度单位，即六十分之一度）:
minute |['mɪnɪt][maɪˈnju:t;NorthAmericanEnglishalso-ˈnu:t]
I’d like that last remark to be minuted. 我希望把刚才那句话记录在案。
You don’t need to minute that. 你不必记录那些。
He’d been reading the minutes of the last meeting. 他一直在看上次会议的记录。
minute examination, minute inspection 细致的检查；细致的视察 
She remembered everything in minute detail/in the minutest detail(s). 她记得每一件事的细节。
The party was planned in the minutest detail. 聚会策划极为详细。
It’s four minutes to six. 差四分钟六点。
Boil the rice for 20 minutes. 将米煮20分钟。
It only takes a minute to make a salad. 只要一会儿就能做好色拉。
the last minute 最后一刻 
Could you wait a minute, please? 请你等一会儿，好吗？
I’ll be with you in a minute. 我一会儿就来。
The ship sank within minutes. 转眼间船就沉没了。
Tell him I want to see him the minute he arrives. 他到了让他马上来见我。
Come here this minute! 马上到这儿来！
At that very minute, Tom walked in. 就在这时候，汤姆走了进来。
The kitchen on the boat is minute. 小船上的厨房小极了。
minute amounts of chemicals in the water 水中含量极小的化学成分 
Only a minute amount is needed. 只需要很少的一点点。           
37 degrees 30 minutes (37˚ 30′) 37度30分
