notorious			臭名昭著的
obnoxious			讨厌的，难闻的
desperate					绝望的，极渴望的，极严重的
reign				为王，占上风，当政期
lane					小路，车道，跑道
cruise				乘船游览，巡行
fastidious			一丝不苟的，挑剔的
expertise				专长
restless				躁动的
undo						解开，消除，取消
courier				快递公司，情报员
grab					抓住，霸占，赶紧做，吸引
frantic					发狂似的，狂乱的
yacht				帆船，游艇
doze					打瞌睡
relapse				旧病复发
contact						接触，联系，通讯，熟人
astound				使震惊
ostensible			表面的
equal							相同的，平等的，等于
terminal						晚期的，终点的，站，终端
fall						落下，发生，失守
alleviate						减轻
sociable					好交际的
wholesome		有益健康的
cube				小方块，三次幂
provoke						激怒
acquire							获得，习得
resemble						像，类似于
coherent						连贯一致的，条理清楚的
\\\\\\\\

~ (as sth) 因坏事而出名的，如臭名昭著的:
notorious |[nəʊˈtɔ:riəs;美noʊ-]
adj. ~ (for sth/for doing sth) 
a notorious criminal 恶名昭彰的罪犯 
a notorious murder 一起臭名昭著的谋杀案 
The country is notorious for its appalling prison conditions. 该国因监狱状况恶劣而臭名远扬。
The bar has become notorious as a meeting-place for drug dealers. 这家酒吧作为毒品贩子接头的场所已变得声名狼藉。

If you describe someone or their behaviour as obnoxious, you think that they are very unpleasant because of being aggressive, loud, or offensive. 令人讨厌的
obnoxious |英 [əb'nɒkʃəs]  美 [əb'nɑkʃəs]| adj. 讨厌的；可憎的；不愉快的/
The people at my table were so obnoxious I had to change my seat.我那桌的人非常讨厌，我只好换了座位。


desperate (to do sth) 通常不用于名词前，非常需要（或想要）某东西的:
adj. 1 感到（或流露出）绝望并准备不惜冒险去做任何事的，即不顾一切的，拼命的:
2 常用于名词前，（行为）对成功不抱希望的；其他均已失败后再去进行尝试的。即绝望的，孤注一掷的，铤而走险的:
adj.（一种情况）极其严重的，或极其危险的:
desperate |['despərɪt]
adj. desperate (for sth) 
He was so desperate for a job he would have done anything. 他当时太想找份工作了，什么事都愿意干。
I was absolutely desperate to see her. 我极想见到她。
a desperate man 走投无路的男人 
She felt utterly desperate. 她彻底绝望了。
Stores are getting desperate after two years of poor sales. 两年来销路不畅，商店不惜冒起险来。
a desperate bid for freedom 孤注一掷争取自由的努力 
desperate measures 铤而走险的措施 
Doctors were fighting a desperate battle to save the little girl’s life. 医生们不惜一切地奋力抢救小女孩的生命。
I heard sounds of a desperate struggle in the next room. 我听到隔壁房间里有拼命挣扎的声音。
She clung to the edge in a desperate attempt to save herself. 为了活命，她拼命抓住边缘。
The children are in desperate need of love and attention. 这些孩子非常需要爱心和关怀。
a desperate shortage of clean water 洁净水的严重短缺

vi. ~ (over sb/sth) 在某种情况下（或某个技能领域）成为最佳或最重要者:
vi. [文学]（想法、情感或氛围等）在一地或一时成为最显著的特征:
vi. ~ supreme [文学]（某人或某事物）在一种情况下或一段时间中占主导地位:
n. [C] 组织机构、团队等的负责人的任期、当政期:
n. [C] 君主的统治时期:
vi. ~ (over sb/sth)（君主）统治:
reign |[reɪn]
the reigning champion 冠军称号的保持者 
In the field of classical music, he still reigns supreme. 在古典音乐领域，他仍然是最为杰出的。
Connors reigned as the world No. 1 for 159 consecutive weeks. 康纳斯连续159周排名世界第一。
Coco Chanel reigned over fashion for half a century. 可可·香奈儿在半个世纪里一直主宰着时尚界。
At last silence reigned (= there was complete silence). 最后，万籁俱寂。
Confusion reigned about how the debate would end. 在这一争论如何结束的问题上人们陷入了混乱。
A relative calm reigned over the city. 城市相对平静了一些。
Senator Sam Nunn reigns supreme over the Senate Armed Services Committee. 萨姆·纳恩参议员主导着参议院军事委员会。
The bicycle reigned supreme as Britain's most popular mode of transport. 当时自行车是英国最流行的交通工具。
in/during the reign of Charles II 在查理二世统治期间 
The commanders accused him of carrying out a reign of terror. 指挥官们谴责他实行恐怖统治。
Queen Victoria reigned from 1837 to 1901. 维多利亚女王自1837年至1901年在位。
Queen Victoria, Britain's longest reigning monarch 维多利亚女王，英国历史上统治时间最长的君主 
Herod reigned over Palestine at that time. 那时，希律王统治巴勒斯坦。

n. [sing.] in the fast ~ 紧张而刺激的生活:
n. [C] 比赛中一个人的赛道；游泳池中一个人的泳道:
n. [C]（船的）固定航道、航线:
n. [C]（飞机的）固定航线:
n. [C]（在宽阔的公路上由白线将不同方向的车流分开而形成的）车道:
n. 1 [C] 狭窄的乡间小路:
2 [C]（尤用于地名）尤指两旁有建筑物的狭窄街道，即小巷、胡同:
lane |[leɪn]
the young criminals' lust for life in the fast lane 青少年罪犯对紧张刺激生活的贪求
Drawn in lane three, she had all her rivals in sight. 她抽到第三道，所有对手尽收眼底。
The pool is divided into three sections with a crawler lane for beginners. 泳池分三部分，有为初学者而设的慢泳道。
The Australian in lane four is coming up fast from behind. 第四道的澳大利亚运动员正从后面快速追赶上来。
The collision took place in the busiest shipping lanes in the world. 撞船事故发生在全世界最繁忙的航道上。           
a four-lane highway 四车道公路 
fast, slow lane 快车道；慢车道 
left, left-hand, right, right-hand lane 左车道；右车道 
breakdown（美）, inside, middle, outside（英）, overtaking（英）， passing（美） lane 故障车道；内车道；中间车道；外车道；超车道 
northbound, southbound lane 北行的车道；南行的车道 
traffic lane 行车道 
bus, express（美）, HOV (= high-occupancy vehicle) lane 公交车道；快车道；多乘员车道 
bicycle（美）, cycle（英） lane 自行车道 
I hate changing lanes when the traffic is heavy. 我讨厌交通拥挤时变换车道。
Get in lane early when turning off. 转弯时应提早进入车道。
lane closures（尤英）, lane restrictions（英） 车道封闭；车道限制 
Commuters can expect lane closures for a while longer. 上班族们也许会碰到时间略长一些的车道封闭的情况。
The bus was crawling along in the slow lane. 公交车正在慢车道上缓慢行进。
She signalled and pulled over into the slow lane. 她给信号后把车开进了慢车道。
The lorry was travelling at 20mph in the slow lane. 卡车在慢车道上以20英里的时速行驶。
I pulled out into the eastbound lane of Route 2. 我转入2号公路东向车道。
winding country lanes 蜿蜒的乡间小路 
a quiet country lane 宁静的乡间小径 
Follow the lane to the river. 沿着小路走到河边。
We drove along a muddy lane to reach the farmhouse. 我们驾车沿泥泞的小路到达农舍。
The Dorchester Hotel, Park Lane 公园路多切斯特酒店 
back lane（英）偏僻的小巷 
Lighting is poor in the back lanes of the city. 城市偏僻的小巷里灯光昏暗。

vi. 轻而易举地赢得或达成:
n. [C] 乘船在海上游览不同的地方（尤指作为一种度假）:
vt.&vi. 乘船在海上游览不同的地方（尤指作为一种度假）:
vt.&vi. [俚语]（尤指男同性恋者）在公共场所到处走以寻找性伙伴，即猎艳:
vi.（船只）以平稳且舒适的速度行驶:
vi.（飞机）以平稳且舒适的速度飞行:
vi.（汽车等）以平稳且舒适的速度行驶:
vt.&vi.（汽车等的驾驶员）（尤指查看或寻找某事物时）慢速行驶，巡行:
cruise |[kru:z]
The home team cruised to victory. 主队轻松取胜。
Graf looked in awesome form as she cruised to an easy victory. 格拉芙轻松取胜，看上去状态极佳。
a luxury cruise ship 豪华游轮 
leisurely cruise 悠闲的乘船游览 
a pleasure cruise around the bay 在海湾附近一次愉快的乘船游览 
Caribbean, Mediterranean, world cruise 乘船游览加勒比海；乘船游览地中海 
boat, river cruise 乘小船游览；在河上游览 
honeymoon cruise 蜜月乘船游览 
She used all her savings to go on a world cruise. 她把全部积蓄用于乘船周游世界。
He and his wife were planning to go on a world cruise. 他和太太计划乘船环游世界。
I'd love to go on a round-the-world cruise. 我很想乘船周游世界。
cruise boat, cruise liner, cruise ship 游船；游轮 
cruise company, cruise line, cruise operator 游轮公司；游轮运营商 
They met on a cruise. 他们在一次乘船游览中相遇。
a cruise along the coast 沿着海岸线的航行 
The next stop on this cruise is likely to be in Cornwall. 此次航游的下一站很可能是在康沃尔。
They cruised down the Nile. 他们沿尼罗河而下乘船游览。
We spent two weeks cruising the Bahamas. 我们花了两个星期乘船游览巴哈马群岛。
She wants to cruise the canals of France in a barge. 她想乘驳船游览法国的运河。
During their summer holidays they cruised further afield to Normandy and Brittany. 暑期他们乘船到更远的诺曼底和布列塔尼游览。
gay men cruising on Clapham Common 在克拉珀姆公地寻找性伙伴的男同性恋者
a cruising speed of 50 miles an hour 每小时50英里平稳行驶的速度
a light aircraft cruising at 4 000 feet 一架在4 000英尺高度巡航的轻型飞机
a cruising speed of 50 miles an hour 每小时50英里平稳行驶的速度 
A black and white police car cruised past. 一辆黑白相间的警车缓慢驶过。
She cruised around the block looking for a parking space. 她绕着那个街区慢慢行驶，想找个停车的地方。
Taxis cruised the streets, looking for fares. 出租汽车缓慢行驶在街上招揽顾客。

adj. [有时贬] 过分讲究整洁的、有洁癖的:
adj. 仔细确保每一个细节都正确的，即一丝不苟的、严谨的:
fastidious |[fæˈstɪdiəs]
She wasn't very fastidious about personal hygiene. 她不过分讲究个人卫生。
Be particularly fastidious about washing your hands before touching food. 接触食物前尤其对洗手不能有半点马虎。
Everything was planned in fastidious detail. 样样都一丝不苟地计划好了。
He was fastidious in his preparation for the big day. 他认真仔细地准备着这个盛大的日子。
her fastidious attention to historical detail 她对历史细节的过分关注 
He was fastidious about his appearance. 他非常讲究仪表。

n. [U] ~ (in sth/in doing sth) 在某一学科、活动或工作领域的专门技能、专长:
n. [U] ~ (in sth/in doing sth) 在某一学科、活动或工作领域的专门知识:
expertise |[ˌekspɜ:ˈti:z;美-pɜ:rˈt-]
They have considerable expertise in dealing with oil spills. 他们在处理溢油问题方面非常在行。
particular, special, specialist（尤英）, specific expertise 特别知识；专门技能 
They met regularly to develop their collective expertise. 他们定期会晤，共同提高专业技术。
in-house expertise 内部技术 
We sometimes have to call on outside expertise. 我们有时得借助外部的专业技术。
This project builds on the existing expertise of our staff. 该项目以我们工作人员的现有专业技术为基础。
We need to discover what relevant expertise is available to us. 我们需要找出有哪些我们可利用的相关技术。
academic, business, clinical, engineering, financial, legal, management, managerial, marketing, medical, professional, scientific, technical, technological expertise 学术知识；商业知识；临床知识；工程知识；金融知识；法律知识；管理知识；经营知识；营销知识；医学知识；专业知识；科学知识；技术知识；科技知识 
We have the expertise to help you run your business. 我们有帮助你经营自己业务的专门知识。
The problem is that most local authorities lack the expertise to deal sensibly in this market. 问题是大多数地方政府都缺乏合理应对这个市场的专门知识。
Each area of the curriculum should be led by a staff member with appropriate expertise. 课程的每个领域都应由具备适当专业知识的教师领导。
An outsider will lack the necessary expertise to run the company. 门外汉会缺乏公司运营的必要的专业知识。
staff expertise 职员的专业知识 
subject expertise 学科知识 
A high degree of expertise is required for this work. 这项工作需要高水平的专业知识。
She has great expertise in these matters. 她在这些问题上有很强的专业知识。
Professor Simpson provided expertise in engineering. 辛普森教授提供了工程方而的专业知识。
How could he apply his academic expertise to practical matters? 他是 如何将学术知识应用到实践中的?
He will bring a great deal of expertise to bear on this issue. 他将运用丰富的专业知识解决这个问题。
The project brings together expertise in teaching and library provision. 这个项目集合了教学和图书馆服务两方面的专业知识。
We need to draw on the professional expertise of a large number of teachers. 我们需要借助众多教师的专业知识。
The teachers would be available to share expertise and offer advice. 教师们将到场分享他们的专业知识并提出建议。
I have gained expertise in specialist financial areas. 我已经获得专门金融领域的专业知识。
She brings expertise on general financial and technical matters.她带来关于一般金融和技术问题的专业知识。
The variety of technology requires a wide range of expertise. 技术的多样化需要各种专业知识的配合。

adj. 1 因无聊或需要改变而坐立不安的，如烦躁的、不耐烦的:
2 没有真正休息或睡眠的。相当于disturbed:
restless |[ˈrestləs]
restless mood 坐立不安的心情 
I was feeling a bit tense and restless. 我当时有点紧张，坐立不安。
My father seemed very restless and excited. 我父亲看起来坐立不安，激动不已。
The audience was becoming restless. 观众开始不耐烦了。
After five years in the job, he was beginning to feel restless. 这份工作干了五年以后，他开始厌烦了。
By 1982, she was restless and needed a new impetus for her talent. 到了1982年，她感到厌倦了，需要新的动力来激发她的才能。
a major new initiative to placate the country's restless intellectuals 安抚国家不安分的知识分子的重大新举措 
restless horse 烦躁的马匹 
Owls were believed to be restless spirits who had returned to earth. 人们以前认为猫头鹰是不安分的鬼魂重返世间。
a restless night 不眠之夜 
a restless sleep 辗转反侧 
The shocking revelations of the 700-page report had caused him several restless nights. 这篇长达700页的报告中披露的惊人信息使他几夜未眠。
Hurt had spent a restless few hour on the plane from Paris. 赫特在从巴黎起飞的飞机上辗转反侧了几个小时。

unfasten, untie, or loosen (something):解开、解开或松开（某事）
cancel or reverse the effects or results of (a previous action or measure):取消或逆转（先前的行动或措施）的影响或结果
cancel (the last command executed by a computer):cancel（计算机执行的最后一条命令）
cause the downfall or ruin of:导致
a feature of a computer program that allows a user to cancel or reverse the last command executed:
undo |ʌnˈdɪd| Noun/Verb/:撤消,撤销
the knot was difficult to undo:这个结很难解开
there wasn't any way Evelyn could undo the damage:伊芙琳无法挽回伤害
you can frequently undo the error if you notice it in time:如果您及时发现错误，您可以经常撤消错误
Iago's hatred of women undoes him:Iago对女性的仇恨使他失去了信心

n. [C] [英]（旅游公司的）导游:
n. [C] 以递送包裹或文件为工作的一个公司，如快递公司:
vt. 让快递员（或快递公司）送:
n. [C] 以递送包裹或文件为工作的一个人或公司，如信使；快递员；快递公司:
courier |[ˈkʊriə(r)]
The cheques were delivered to the bank by a private courier firm. 支票由私人快递公司送到了银行。
Courier that letter--it needs to get there today (= send it by courier). 那封信必须今天到达，用专递寄吧。
I couriered it to Darren in New York. 我把它快递给纽约的达伦。
We sent the documents by courier. 我们派了信使送交这些文件。
He worked as a motorcycle courier. 他的工作是骑摩托车送快递。
The cheques were delivered to the bank by a private courier firm. 支票由私人快递公司送到了银行。
bicycle, bike（非正式）, cycle（尤英）courier 骑自行车的投递员 
He has admitted to acting as a drug courier. 他承认曾经递送过毒品。
I’ll send a courier with the blueprints. 我会派人把设计图送达。
Urgent deliveries of medicine may be sent by motorcycle courier. 需紧急递送的药物可以通过摩托车投递员送。

vt. 吸引某人的注意力:
vt. 抓紧时间做某事:
vt. 抓紧时间拿、取，尤指匆忙地拿、取:
vt.&vi. ~ sth (from sb/sth) 用手突然抓住、牢牢抓住或粗鲁地抓住:
vi. ~ at/for sth 试图抓住或夺取:
n. [usually sing.] ~ (at/for sb/sth) 突然的抓取或抢夺:
vt. 快速吃、喝，尤指匆忙地吃、喝:
n. [C] [计算机] 抓取（或截取、采集）的图像:
vt.&vi. ~ sth (from sb/sth) 用手突然抓住以夺取:
vi. ~ at/for sth 试图夺取:
vt. 为自己取得某东西，尤指自私或贪婪地捞取、赚取、抢占:
n. 1 [usually sing.] ~ (at/for sb/sth) 突然的抢夺:
2 [C] ~ for sth 夺取权力、捞取名声等:
n. [C] 用于抓吊货物的一件设备，例如带有长长的颈部的抓具、抓斗:
vt.&vi. ~ (at sth) 抓住机会:
grab |[græb]
Grab that waiter, Mary Ann. 玛丽·安，叫那位侍者过来。
I'll see if I can grab the waitress and get the bill. 我来看能不能引起服务员的注意，让她拿账单来。
I jumped on the wall to grab the attention of the crowd. 为了吸引那群人的注意，我纵身跃上墙头。
Glasgow's drugs problem has grabbed the headlines tonight (= been published as an important story in the newspapers). 格拉斯哥的毒品问题成了今晚报纸的头条新闻。
I managed to grab a couple of hours' sleep on the plane. 我在飞机上抓紧时间睡了两个钟头。
Grab a seat, I won't keep you a moment. 赶紧找个座位吧，我不会耽误你太多工夫。
Grab a beer. 拿瓶啤酒来。
She grabbed the child's hand and ran. 她抓住孩子的手就跑。
He grabbed hold of me and wouldn't let go. 他抓住我不松手。
I managed to grab her hand. 我抓到了她的手。
He grabbed hold of a handrail to save himself from falling. 他紧紧抓住扶手以免摔倒。
Jim grabbed a cake from the plate. 吉姆从盘子里抓了一块蛋糕。
I grabbed him by the neck. 我掐住他的脖子。
Don't grab─there's plenty for everyone. 别抢——多着呢，人人都有。
Somebody tried to grab her handbag from her. 有个人想抢她的手提包。
He was clumsily trying to grab at Alfred's arms. 他笨手笨脚地想抓住艾尔弗雷德的手臂。
She grabbed at the branch, missed and fell. 她抓树枝，可没抓着，就跌倒了。
Kate grabbed for the robber's gun. 凯特拼命去夺抢劫者的枪。
He made a grab for her bag. 他突然去抢她的手提包。
Let's grab a sandwich before we go. 咱们赶快吃个三明治就走吧。
a screen grab from Wednesday's programme 从星期三的节目中抓取的荧屏图像
Don't grab─there's plenty for everyone. 别抢——多着呢，人人都有。
Somebody tried to grab her handbag from her. 有个人想抢她的手提包。
Kate grabbed for the robber's gun. 凯特拼命去夺抢劫者的枪。
By the time we arrived, someone had grabbed all the good seats. 我们到达时，所有的好位子都给人占了。
He made a grab for her bag. 他突然去抢她的手提包。
a grab for personal power 对个人权力的巧取豪夺
This was my big chance and I grabbed it with both hands. 这是我的大好机会，我紧紧抓住。
She grabbed the chance of a job interview. 她抓住了一次求职面试的机会。
He grabbed at the opportunity to buy his castle. 他抓住机会买下了他的城堡。
He'll grab at any excuse to avoid doing the dishes. 他会随便找个借口来逃避洗碗。

adj. 1 紧张忙乱的、手忙脚乱的:
2（因害怕或担心）无法控制感情的、发狂似的:
adj. 紧张忙乱的、手忙脚乱的:
frantic |[ˈfræntɪk]
frantic dash, frantic search, frantic struggle 不顾一切的猛冲；疯狂的搜查；疯狂的斗争 
They made frantic attempts to revive him. 他们拼命地努力让他苏醒过来。
We were starting to get frantic with worry. 我们担心得要发疯了。
Let's go back. Your parents must be getting frantic by now. 咱们回家吧。你的父母现在肯定快要急死了。
He was absolutely frantic by the time we got home. 我们到家时，他已经急疯了。
The children are driving me frantic (= making me very annoyed). 孩子们快要使我发疯了。
A bird had been locked in and was by now quite frantic. 一只鸟被关进了笼子，到现在它都十分狂躁。
Things are frantic in the office right now. 现在办公室里是忙作一团。
A busy night in the restaurant can be frantic in the kitchen. 餐馆晚上生意好,厨房里可能会忙成一片。

n. [C] 一种大型翻船，常带有引擎，用于比赛或游玩，如帆船、游艇、快艇:
yacht |[jɒt;美jɑ:t]
luxury yacht 豪华游艇 
private yacht 私人游艇 
cruising, racing yacht 游艇；赛艇 
motor, sailing（英）, steam（尤英） yacht 摩托艇；风帆游艇；汽艇 
land yacht（在海滩或沙地上行驶的）快艇车 
They are cruising on a large motor yacht. 他们正乘着大摩托艇巡游。
yacht race 帆船比赛 
a round-the-world yacht race 环球帆船比赛 
yacht club 游艇俱乐部 
yacht marina 游艇停靠区 
His 36ft yacht sank suddenly last summer. 他那36英尺长的游艇去年夏天突然沉没了。

vi.（通常指日间）短暂潜睡一会儿，即打瞌睡、打盹儿、小睡:
n. [sing.]（通常指日间的）瞌睡、打盹儿:
doze |[dəʊz;美doʊz]
She dozed off in front of the fire. 她在炉火前打起盹儿来。
I dozed fitfully for a few hours. 我断断续续地睡了几个小时。            
I had a doze on the train. 我在火车上打了个盹儿。
She had a little doze after lunch. 午饭后她小睡了片刻。
Sitting in an armchair in front of the fire, I soon fell into a doze. 我坐在火炉前的扶手椅上，很快打起盹儿来。
She settled down for a quiet doze on the sofa. 她坐在沙发上安静地打着盹儿。

n. [C, U] 旧病复发:
vi. ~ (into sth)（某人）重新陷入先前不好的状态:
vi. 旧病复发、再次发病:
relapse |[rɪˈlæps;ˈri:læps]
to have/suffer a relapse 旧病复发 
acute relapse 急性的复发 
A wide range of emotionally stressful events may trigger a relapse. 多种令人情绪紧张的事情都可能引起旧病复发。
A drug counsellor/counselor advises patients on relapse prevention. 药物顾问指导病人防止旧病复发。
The therapy can reduce the relapse rate for multiple sclerosis. 这种疗法可以减少多发性硬化的复发率。
Even in relapse there will be times when the patient's general condition improves. 即便在复发期间，病人仍会有好转的时候。
a risk of relapse 旧病复发的危险 
They relapsed into silence. 他们又都沉默不语。
'I wish I did,' said Phil Jordan, relapsing into his usual gloom. “我要是那样做了就好了，”菲尔·乔丹说道，又像往常一样消沉起来。
It is by no means clear that the financial markets will not relapse into panic. 现在还不能确定金融市场不会重新陷入恐慌。
In 90 per cent of cases the patient will relapse within six months. 90%的病人在六个月内会再次发病。
He relapsed into his old bad habits. 他重新染上了恶习。
Two days after leaving the hospital she relapsed into a coma. 出院两天后，她再度昏迷。

n. [U] 遇上要处理的事:
~ (between A and B)（人或机构）与某人（或其它机构）的联系、联络，尤指经常的联系或联络:
2 [U] 无线电联络或通信:
3 [C, usually pl.] 会见、交往、人际关系:
4 [C] 熟人，尤指能在工作上帮助你的人:
vt.（例如用电话或信件）联系、联络某人:
adj.（细节信息、电话号码等）供联系的、供联络的:
n. [U] 对某事物的接触、触摸:
n. [C] 电流的接触、接通、接触器:
n. [U] 遇见某人:
n. [C] 传染病患者的接触者（此人有可能被传染此病）:
n. [pl.] [非正式] contacts可指隐形眼镜，相当于contact lens:
contact |[ˈkɒntækt;美ˈkɑ:n-]
The college has brought me into contact with western ideas. 上大学使我接触了西方的思想。
Children should be brought into contact with poetry at an early age. 儿童应该在幼年接触诗歌。
I don't have much contact with my uncle. 我和叔父甚少联系。
Have you kept in contact with any of your friends from college (= do you still see them or speak or write to them)? She is still in close contact with Sarah. 她仍然同萨拉保持密切联系。
Have you had any direct contact with the director of the company? 你同公司董事有过直接的接触吗？
face-to-face, visual contact 面对面的接触 
She was deprived of all human contact for three weeks. 她曾被剥夺与所有人的联系达三个星期之久。
When I arrive in New York, I'll get in contact with him. 我到达纽约后会跟他联系。
I put my cousin in contact with a friend who works at the company. 我让表妹同一位在那家公司工作的朋友联系。
Maintaining contact after many years can be difficult. 许多年后还保持联系可能会很困难。
There has been no contact between them for several years. 他们有几年没联系了。
I have very little contact with Simon now. 我和西蒙现在很少联系。
She's lost contact with (= no longer sees or writes to) her son. 她和儿子失去了联系。
Though they all live nearby, I lost contact with them really quickly. 虽然他们都住在附近，但我很快与他们失去了联系。
Mother and son lost contact when Nicholas was in his early twenties. 尼古拉斯20岁出头的时候母子就失去了联系。
I finally made contact with (= succeeded in speaking to or meeting) her in Paris. 我最终在巴黎与她取得了联系。
Then, after she had become famous, he tried to make contact with her. 后来，她出名之后，他曾试图与她联系。
The organization put me in contact with other people in a similar position (= gave me their addresses or telephone numbers). 这家机构为我提供了其他和我情况相似的人的联系方法。
Opposition leaders are denying any contact with the government in Kabul. 反对派领袖否认与喀布尔政府有任何联系。
He forbade contacts between directors and executives outside his presence. 他禁止董事与管理层绕开他私下进行任何联系。
He was in direct contact with the kidnappers. 他与绑架者有直接联系。
We do keep in contact. 我们确实保持着联系。
There is little contact between the two organizations. 这两个机构相互之间没有什么联系。
We first established contact with the organization in 2020. 2020年，我们首次同该机构建立了联系。
email, radio, telephone contact 电子邮件联系；无线电联系；电话联系 
He failed to make radio contact. 他未能进行无线电联络。
a technical problem reported by the pilot moments before he lost contact with the control tower 飞行员与控制塔失去联络前不久报告的技术故障 
We have good contacts with the local community. 我们与当地社区关系甚好。
The company has maintained trade contacts with India. 这家公司和印度一直保持着贸易往来。
business, social, personal contacts 业务关系；社会关系；私人关系 
I've made some useful contacts in journalism. 我在新闻界结交了一些有用的人。
Their contact in the United States Embassy was called Phil. 他们在美国大使馆的熟人叫菲尔。
He has a lot of good contacts in the music industry. 他在音乐节人脉甚广。
It takes time to develop contacts. 建立关系需要时间。
I made a lot of useful business contacts at the conference. 在这次大会上我建立了不少有用的业务关系。
He used his contacts to get his son a publishing job. 他动用自己的关系给儿子找了一份出版社的工作。
I've been trying to contact you all day. 我整天一直在设法与你联系。
Contact the Tourist Information Bureau for further details. 详情请洽旅游信息处。
He can be contacted by phone on the telephone number given below. 用下面所给的电话号码就能与他联系上。
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions. 如果有任何问题，请随时和我联系。
When she first contacted me Frances was upset. 弗朗西丝第一次与我联系时很心烦意乱。
You must leave your full name and contact details when you phone. 打电话时须留下全名与联络信息。
Here's my contact number (= temporary telephone number) while I'm away. 这是我外出时的联系电话。
His fingers were briefly in contact with the ball. 他的手指稍稍地接触了一下球。
This substance should not come into contact with food. 这种物质切莫与食物接触。
They compared how these organisms behaved when left in contact with different materials. 他们比较了与不同材料接触时这些生物体的反应。
The cry occurs when air is brought into contact with the baby's larynx. 婴儿的喉咙接触到空气时，就会哭出来。
This pesticide kills insects on contact (= as soon as it touches them). 这种杀虫剂昆虫一触即死。
sexual contact 性接触 
The disease is transmitted through physical contact. 这种疾病通过身体接触传播。
eye contact 目光接触 
He never makes eye contact with me. 他从不与我直接对视。
Do not let the glue come into contact with water. 不要让这种胶水碰到水。
For a brief moment their lips were in contact. 他们的嘴唇有瞬间的接触。
The light will go out on contact with water. 一碰到水，这种灯就会熄灭。
There should be no contact between the separate samples. 分开的样本之间不应该有任何接触。
The switches close the contacts and complete the circuit. 这些开关可接通形成闭合电路。
In her job she often comes into contact with (= meets) lawyers. 她在工作中常与律师接触。
In his job, he comes into contact with many different people. 他在工作中接触到各种各样的人。
Doctors I came into contact with voiced their concern. 我接触到的医生都表示了他们的担心。

vt. 使某人大为震惊:
astound |[əˈstaʊnd]
His arrogance astounded her. 他的傲慢使她震惊。
She was astounded by his arrogance. 他的傲慢使她震惊。
He used to astound his friends with feats of physical endurance. 过去，他表现出来的惊人耐力常让朋友们大吃一惊。

adj. [只用于名词前] 看上去像真的、宣称像真的（但实际上并不真实）:
ostensible |[ɒˈstensəbl;美ɑ:ˈst-]
The ostensible reason for his absence was illness. 他假托生病缺勤。
The ostensible purpose of these meetings was to gather information on financial strategies. 这些会议声称旨在收集有关金融策略的信息。          

vt. 和…一样好，或和…处于同一标准上，即比得上:
adj. equal to sth [正式] 在成功处理问题方面，拥有足够的力量、勇气和能力的:
vt. 导致…，或结果为…:
linking verb. 指在尺寸、数量、价值等方面与…相等，即等于。是此义的常规用词:
adj. equal (to sb/sth) 尺寸、数量、价值、实力、重要性、结果等方面相等的:
n. [C] 品质上相同的人或事物，或在地位、权利等方面相同的人或事物:
adj. 1 equal (to sb/sth) 尺寸、数量、价值、实力、重要性、结果等方面相等的:
2 拥有相同权利的，或被公平对待的，不考虑种族、宗教或性别等方面的差别的:
linking verb. 指在尺寸、数量、价值等方面与…相等，即等于:
equal |['i:kwəl]
The victory equalled the team’s best in history. 这次胜利平了该队历史上的最佳纪录。
to equal the world record 平世界纪录 
The achievements of the scientist are hard to be equalled. 这位科学家的成就其他人难以匹敌。
to be equal to any test 成功应对任何考验 
I believe that you are equal to the challenge. 我相信你能成功应对这一挑战。
I felt that nothing could make me equal to the demands being made of me. 我觉得自己根本无法达到那些对我的要求。
I felt more than equal to the task. 这个任务对我来说不难。
Innovation equals progress. 创新引领进步。
1 plus 1 equals 2. 1加1等于2。
A metre equals 39.38 inches. 1米等于39.38英寸。
to be equal in weight 重量相等 
The two books are more or less equal in length. 这两本书篇幅差不多。
equal numbers 数量相等 
One pound is roughly equal to two dollars. 一英镑大约相当于两美元。
He is one of members of the team, their equal. 他是该团队中的一员，和他们平起平坐。
intellectual, social equal 智力相当的人；社会地位相当的人 
In fighting, they had no equals. 论打架，他们没有对手。
The product of the small company is equal of those produced anywhere of the world. 这家小公司的产品可与世界上任何地方生产的产品相媲美。
to be equal in weight 重量相等 
equal numbers 相等的数量 
equal importance 同样重要 
One pound is roughly equal to two dollars. 一英镑大约相当于两美元。
The EU nations together have an economy about equal in size to that of the US. 欧盟各国的经济实力总和与美国相当。
to demand equal rights 要求平等的权利 
equal opportunities 平等的机会 
equal pay 同等的报酬 
Everyone is born equal. 人人生来平等。
1 plus 1 equals 2 1加1等于2 
A metre equals 39.38 inches. 1米等于39.38英寸。

adj. [正式或术语] 常用于名词前，处于一段时间的末端的:
n. [C] [术语]（电路或电器设备的）线路接头，即端子:
n. [C]（计算机技术中的）终端或终端机（该终端与一个中央计算机系统相连）:
adj. [正式或术语] 常用于名词前，处于某事物的末端的，末梢的:
adj. 1（疾病）不能得到治疗且将导致死亡的（过程常是缓慢的），即晚期的:
2（人）患有晚期疾病的:
n. [C]（火车、公共汽车或船的）始发站或终点站（可以是一个地方，也可以是一栋建筑或一组建筑）。是一个专业用法:
n. [C]（机场的）航空站，航站楼（为一栋或一组建筑，用于接收或发送旅客）:
adj.（情况）一定会恶化且最终结束的，即不可救药的，无可挽回的:
terminal |['tə:mɪnl]
terminal examinations 期末考试
negative terminal 负极端子 
the positive terminal of the battery 电池的正极
computer, Internet terminal 计算机终端；互联网终端 
data terminal 数据终端 
mobile, wireless terminal 移动终端；无线终端 
terminal screen 终端显示器
a terminal branch of a tree 树的末端枝条
He has terminal lung cancer. 他患有晚期肺癌。
The illness is usually terminal. 这种病通常为不治之症。
She’s suffering from terminal boredom.（比喻用法）她现在感到烦得要死。
a terminal patient 晚期病人
rail, subway（美）, train terminal 铁路枢纽站；地铁枢纽站；火车枢纽站 
bus terminal 公交车总站 
cruise, cruise-ship, ferry terminal 游轮码头；轮渡码头 
passenger terminal 客运枢纽站 
container terminal 集装箱码头 
oil terminal 石油码头
airport terminal 机场航站楼
The industry is in terminal decline. 这个行业每况愈下，一蹶不振。

n. [sing.]（人、组织等由于做错了某事而导致的）威信的丧失；不再受别人尊敬:
vt.＆vi.（数量、数字、强度等）减少，下降:
n. [C] fall (in sth)（尺寸、数字、比率、水平等的）减少或降低:
n. [C] [美] 秋天，相当于autumn:
n. [sing.] fall (of sth)（政权或经济等的）垮台或崩溃；成功的丧失（即崩溃）；战争中（城市、国家等）的失守、沦陷或灭亡:
vi. 被打败；沦陷；失守；（政权等）垮台:
vi.（目光）突然注意到…:
vi.（常由于非常疲倦而）急匆匆或随意地一头倒下:
vi.（光线或影子）落在…上:
vt.＆vi. 进入（某种状态）；开始变成（某事物）:
vi. 属于（某个等级、类别、群体或责任范围）:
vi. 1 [文学] fall (on sb/sth)（快速且突然地）来到或出现:
2（某个庆典或特殊事件）发生在某一天或某个日期，即适逢（某日）:
3（夜幕或黑暗）降临:
vi. [文学]（在战斗中）阵亡；被击毙:
n. [pl.] falls 可尤用于名称，指瀑布，相当于waterfall:
vi. fall (away/off) 向下倾斜:
vi. 1（从高处）落下；掉落:
2 突然倒下（如跌倒；倒塌）:
n. 1 [C] 落下；下落；跌落；掉落:
2 [sing.] fall of sth 下落的方式；或发生的方式:
vi.（毛发或材料）下垂:
n. [sing.] 下垂:
n. [sing.] the fall 在《圣经》中可指人类的堕落（即亚当和夏娃违背上帝意旨而被迫离开伊甸园）:
vi.（雨或雪）降落。其本身并不表示“下雨”，只有放在表示“雨”或“雪”的词后面，才能共同表示“下雨”或“下雪”:
n. [C] fall (of sth)（雪、岩石等的）降落的数量:
vi.（重音）落在（某个音节上）:
fall |[fɔ:l]
the TV preacher’s spectacular fall from grace 电视布道者威信的遽降
Their profits have fallen by 30 per cent. 他们的利润减少了30%。
Prices continued to fall on the stock market today. 今天股票市场价格继续下跌。
The temperature fell sharply in the night. 夜间温度陡降。
falling birth rates 下降的出生率 
Her voice fell to a whisper. 她的声音变小，成了耳语。
a steep fall in profits 利润的骤降 
a big fall in unemployment 失业人数的大大减少 
There was a sharp fall in the value of the dollar. 美元的价值有大幅下降。
a big fall in house prices 房价的大幅下降 
The opinion polls show a significant fall in her popularity. 民意调查显示她的支持率明显降低。
This figure represents a fall of 21% on the same period last year. 这一数字表明与去年同期相比下降了21%。
in the fall of 2019 在2019年的秋天 
early fall 初秋 
fall equinox 秋分
the fall of the Roman Empire 罗马帝国的灭亡 
the rise and fall of British industry 英国工业的兴衰 
the fall of Berlin 柏林的沦陷 
the fall of the dictator 独裁者的垮台
The coup failed but the government fell shortly afterwards. 政变虽然流产，但是不久以后政府便垮台了。
Troy finally fell to the Greeks. 特洛伊城最终落入希腊人之手。
My eye fell on a curious object. 我突然看到一个奇怪的东西。
His eye fell upon a note in Grace’s handwriting. 他突然注意到一张有格雷斯笔迹的便条。
Totally exhausted, he fell into bed. 他疲惫极了，一头倒在了床上。
the shadow that suddenly fell across the doorway 突然落在门道上的影子 
A shadow fell across her face. 一片阴影掠过她的脸庞。
He had fallen asleep on the sofa. 他在沙发上睡着了。
The book fell open at a page of illustrations. 书翻开在有插图的那一页。
The room had fallen silent. 整个房间都变得静悄悄的。
She fell ill. 她病倒了。
to fall into conversation with sb 与某人攀谈起来 
The house had fallen into disrepair. 这栋房子已年久失修。
to fall prey to his charm 被他迷住 
to fall in love this place 爱上这个地方 
They fall victim to exploitation. 他们成为了剥削的牺牲品。
Out of over 400 staff there are just 7 that fall into this category. 400多个职员中只有7人属于这一类。
The problems generally fall into two categories. 这些问题一般属于两种类别。
This falls under the heading of scientific research. 这一项属于科研类目。
That topic falls outside the scope of this thesis. 那个论题偏离了这篇论文论述的范围。
This case falls outside my jurisdiction. 这个案件不属于我的管辖范围。
A sudden silence fell. 突然一片鸦雀无声。
My birthday falls on a Monday this year. 今年我的生日适逢星期一。
As darkness fell outside, they sat down to eat at long tables. 当外面黑暗降临时，他们坐在长条桌子旁吃饭。
a memorial to those who fell in the two world wars 两次世界大战阵亡将士纪念碑
The falls upstream are full of salmon. 上游瀑布一带盛产鲑鱼。
Niagara Falls 尼亚加拉瀑布
The land falls away sharply towards the river. 地势向河边陡然倾斜。
The book had fallen onto the floor. 那本书掉到了地上。
A kid fell into the river. 一个小孩掉进了河里。
The handle had fallen off the drawer. 抽屉的拉手掉了。
falling leaves 正在飘落的叶子 
He fell from the fourth floor. 他从四层楼上摔了下来。
Bombs fell in the town. 炸弹落在了镇子里。
Tears fell freely from her eyes. 她任由泪水夺眶而出。
She slipped on the ice and fell. 她在冰上滑了一跤。
I fell over and cut my knee. 我摔倒了，划破了膝盖。
He stumbled and almost fell. 他绊了一下，几乎摔倒。
to fall forward 向前跌倒 
The house was about to fall down. 这座房子摇摇欲坠。
She was killed in a fall from a horse. 她从马背上掉下来摔死了。
Luckily a bush broke his fall. 幸运的是，他掉落时有灌木挡了一下。
He was hurt in a fall at his home yesterday. 昨天他在家摔了一跤，受伤了。
the fall of the dice 骰子的掷出
Her hair fell over her shoulders in a mass of curls. 她的鬈发披肩。
the dark fall of her hair 她那垂泻的黑发
The rain was falling steadily. 雨不停地下着。
the snow falling on the fields 落在田野中的雪 
a heavy fall of snow 一场大雪 
a rock fall 岩崩 
a light fall of volcanic ash 落下的一层薄薄的火山灰
Which syllable does the stress fall on? 重音在哪个音节？

vt. 减轻、缓和、缓解。相当于ease:
vt. 减轻、缓解:
alleviate |[əˈli:vieɪt]
to alleviate suffering 减轻苦难 
Nowadays, a great deal can be done to alleviate back pain. 如今，减轻背部疼痛可以有许多方法。
the problem of alleviating mass poverty 摆脱普遍贫困的难题 
A number of measures were taken to alleviate the problem. 采取了一系列措施缓解这个问题。
These problems have been greatly alleviated by the passing of the new Act. 新条例的通过使这些问题得以大大缓解。
These measures are designed to alleviate the situation. 这些措施旨在缓和局势。
Her words did little to alleviate his fears. 她的话没怎么减轻他的恐惧感。
Nowadays, a great deal can be done to alleviate back pain. 如今，减轻背部疼痛可以有许多方法。

adj.（人）好交际的、合群的:
sociable |[ˈsəʊʃəbl;美ˈsoʊ-]
She's a sociable child who'll talk to anyone. 她是个合群的孩子，跟谁都有话说。
I'm not feeling very sociable this evening. 今晚我不大想跟人应酬。
We had a very sociable weekend (= we did a lot of things with other people). 我们大伙过了一个十分热闹的周末。
She was, and remained, extremely sociable, enjoying dancing, golf, tennis, skating and bicycling. 她从过去到现在一直非常热衷于交际，喜欢跳舞、打高尔夫球、打网球、溜冰、骑自行车。
Some children have more sociable personalities than others. 有些孩子比其他孩子更善于交际。

If you describe food as wholesome, you approve of it because you think it is good for your health. (食物) 有益健康的
If you describe something as wholesome, you approve of it because you think it is likely to have a positive influence on people's behaviour or mental state, especially because it does not involve anything sexually immoral. 有益身心的 (尤指不涉及非道德的性内容)
wholesome |英 ['həʊls(ə)m]  美 ['holsəm]| adj. 健全的；有益健康的；合乎卫生的；审慎的/
...fresh, wholesome ingredients.…有益健康的新鲜配料。
The Dove Foundation aims to promote wholesome family entertainment.达夫基金会旨在倡导有益身心的家庭娱乐。


n. [C] 立方体的东西（尤指食物）:
vt. 把食物切成小立方块:
n. [C]（实体或中空的）立方体:
n. [sing.] 经过立方运算后所得到的一个数字，即立方，三次幂:
vt. 常用被动式，进行立方运算，即求…的立方:
cube |[kju:b]
Cut the meat into cubes. 把肉切成丁儿。
Remove the seeds and stones and cube the flesh. 去除籽和核，然后把果肉切成方块。
ice cubes 冰块 
a box of sugar cubes 一盒方糖
The cube of 5 (5^3) is 125 (5×5×5). 5的立方（5^3）是125。
10 cubed is 1 000. 10的立方是1000。

vt. 激怒:
vt. ~ sb (into sth/into doing sth) 用言语或行动来故意激怒某人，可称为挑衅:
vt. 引起某个反应，或具有某个效应:
provoke |[prəˈvəʊk;美-ˈvoʊk]
The announcement provoked a storm of protest. 这个声明激起了抗议的风潮。
The suggestion provoked outrage from student leaders. 这一建议激起了学生的愤慨。
The destruction of the mosque has provoked anger throughout the Muslim world. 毁坏清真寺的行为激怒了整个伊斯兰世界。
Their laughter provoked him to anger. 他们的笑声激怒了他。
The lawyer claimed his client was provoked into acts of violence by the defendant. 律师声称，他的当事人是受到被告的挑衅才采取暴力行动的。
I provoked him into doing something really stupid. 在我的刺激下他做了件非常愚蠢的事。
She had been trying to provoke her sister into an argument. 她一直在想方设法惹姐姐来吵一架。
He was sensitive and easily provoked. 他很敏感，容易被激怒。
The announcement provoked a storm of protest. 这个声明激起了抗议的风潮。
His election success has provoked a shocked reaction. 他的当选引起一片震惊。
The article was intended to provoke discussion. 这篇文章旨在引发讨论。
Dairy products may provoke allergic reactions in some people. 乳制品可能会引起某些人的过敏反应。

vt. 1 [正式]（通过自己的努力、能力或行为表现）获得或得到某事物（本组强调通过努力而“获得”的词有attain、obtain、acquire、secure，有时可互换，不过要注意实际用法中可能存在的其它细微差别）:
2 [正式] 通过被给予而得到某事物:
vt. [正式] 常指“购买”贵重物品或资产，尤指“收购”公司、股份或“购买”土地、马匹等:
vt. [正式]（通过自己的努力、能力或行为表现）学到:
acquire |[ə'kwaɪə]
She has acquired a good knowledge of English. 她英语已经学得很好了。
He has acquired a reputation for dishonesty. 他得到了奸诈的名声。
I have recently acquired a taste for olives. 我最近开始喜欢吃橄榄了。
I’ve suddenly acquired a stepbrother. 我突然有了一个继兄弟。
The company has just acquired new premises. 该公司刚购得新办公楼。
She has acquired a good knowledge of English. 她英语已经学得很好了。

vt. 无被动式，看起来像另一个人或事物（或与其相似）:
resemble |[rɪ'zembl]
She closely resembles her sister. 她和她姐姐很像。
So many hotels resemble each other. 许多酒店看上去都差不多。
The plant resembles grass in appearance. 这种植物的外形像草。
The house was designed to resemble a church. 这个房子刻意设计得像教堂。
The meat resembles chicken in texture. 这种肉的肉质类似鸡肉。
a fight for something resembling justice 为正义之类的事业而奋斗 
Neither achieved anything resembling their former success. 他们俩都没有取得以前那样的成就。

adj. 1（看法、思想、论点等）合乎逻辑的、组织得有条理的、清晰易懂的:
2（人）能把想法表达清楚的:
adj.（看法、思想、论点等）合乎逻辑的、组织得有条理的、清晰易懂的:
coherent |[kəʊˈhɪərənt;美koʊˈhɪr-]
coherent narrative, coherent account, coherent explanation 条理清楚的叙述；条理清楚的描述；条理清楚的阐述 
She only became coherent again two hours after the attack. 她发病两小时之后才恢复了清楚地说话的能力。
He's so calm when he answers questions in interviews. I wish I could be that coherent. 他在面试中回答问题时非常从容镇静。我希望自己也能那样条理清晰。
He sounded barely coherent on the phone. 他在电话里听起来几乎语不成句。
coherent narrative, coherent account, coherent explanation 条理清楚的叙述；条理清楚的描述；条理清楚的阐述 
a coherent policy for the transport system 运输系统方面的一个前后一致的政策 
He has failed to work out a coherent strategy for modernizing the service. 他未能制定出一条连贯的策略来实现服务的现代化。
The President's policy is perfectly coherent. 总统的政策环环相扣，浑然一体。
