meteorology					气象学，气象
saturate						将...浸透，使...充满
elbow						肘，用肘推
formidable					难克服的，令人钦佩的
structural					结构上的，结构的
kindle						点燃，激起，着火
decline							下降，恶化，婉拒
enroll						注册，参加
slope					倾斜，山坡
distend					膨胀
exert					施加，利用
appreciable				明显的
aggregate				总数，合计
thirst							口渴，渴望
hurricane								飓风
miracle					奇迹
nightmare				噩梦
opposite								对立面，对面的，相反的
dedicated				献身的，专用的
tender					温柔的，嫩的，一触即痛的，年轻的，投标，提出
pervert					使堕落，歪曲
idiot					傻瓜
forge							伪造，锻造，建立，稳步前进
conscious			神志清醒的，意识到的，故意的，意识
concise				简洁的，简略的
cartoon							动画片，漫画
overtake						超过，压倒
layout					排版，布局
outdated					陈旧的，过时的
sigh								叹气，渴望
\\\\\\\\

meteorologist 气象学家
meteorology |英 [,miːtɪə'rɒlədʒɪ]  美 [,mitɪə'rɑlədʒi]| n. 气象状态，气象学/
Meteorologists have predicted mild rains for the next few days.气象学家们已经预测接下来的几天有小雨。


If someone or something is saturated, they become extremely wet. 使湿透
If people or things saturate a place or object, they fill it completely so that no more can be added. 使饱和; 使充满
saturate |英 ['sætʃəreɪt]  美 ['sætʃərɪt]| vt. 浸透，使湿透；使饱和，使充满/adj. 浸透的，饱和的；深颜色的/
If the filter has been saturated with motor oil, it should be discarded and replaced.如果过滤器已被机油浸透，就应该丢掉并更换一个。
In the last days before the vote, both sides are saturating the airwaves.在投票前的最后几天，双方的宣传充斥着各个广播频道。


vt.&vi.（常指为了在人群中通过而）用肘推挤别人:
vt.&vi. 挤掉……（以获得成功）:
n. [C] 衣服的肘部:
n. [C]（管子、烟囱等的）拐弯处:
n. [C] 肘、肘部:
A voice at my elbow said, 'Please sit down!' 离我很近的一个声音说:
elbow |[ˈelbəʊ;美-boʊ]
She elbowed me out of the way to get to the front of the line. 她用肘部把我推开朝队伍前面挤。
He elbowed his way through the crowd. 他用手肘从人群中挤了过去。
They also claim that the security team elbowed aside a steward. 他们还声称保安人员将一位乘务员推搡至一边。
Mr Smith elbowed me in the face. 史密斯先生一肘撞在我脸上。
Non-state firms gradually elbow aside the inefficient state-owned ones. 非国有企业逐渐挤掉了效率低下的国有企业。
Environmental concerns will elbow their way right to the top of the agenda. 环境问题将挤到议事日程之首。
The jacket was worn at the elbows. 这件夹克衫的肘部磨破了。
He's fractured his elbow. 他肘部骨折。
He slipped and fell, badly bruising an elbow. 他滑倒了，一只胳膊肘严重擦伤。
left elbow 左肘关节 
sharp elbow 尖突的肘关节 
dislocated, fractured elbow 脱位的肘关节；骨折的肘部 
sore elbow 疼痛的肘关节 
He rested one elbow on the wall as he spoke. 他讲话时把一只胳膊肘支在墙上。
She opened her eyes and propped herself up on one elbow to look at him. 她睁开眼，单肘撑起身子看着他。
He caught her elbow to steady her. 他抓住她的肘部稳住她。
She jabbed him with her elbow. 她用胳膊肘捅他。
She thrust her elbow into her attacker's face. 她用肘部猛击袭击者的脸。 
I banged my elbow on the table as I got up. 我站起来时胳膊肘碰上了桌子。
Extend your arms without locking your elbows. 伸展你的胳膊，放松肘部 
elbow joint, elbow ligament 肘关节；肘部韧带 
elbow injury 肘伤 
elbow pain, elbow problem 肘部疼痛；肘伤 
elbow surgery肘部手术 
elbow pad 护肘 
The office cubicles give you hardly any elbow room. 在办公室隔间里几乎伸不开胳膊。
The whole of his arm below the elbow was badly burned. 他肘部以下严重烧伤。
She slid a hand under his elbow to guide him. 她悄悄地把手挽到他的胳膊肘下领着他。
He took his guest by the elbow and steered him in the direction of the bar. 他挽着客人的胳膊领他朝酒吧的方向走去。
He raised himself on one elbow and looked at the bedside clock. 他用一只胳膊肘撑起身子看了看床边的钟。
He was up to his elbows in hot water. 他的双手浸在深及胳膊肘的热水中。
She was cradling a small bundle in the crook of her elbow. 她用手臂挎着一个小包。
She dug her elbow into Jim's ribs to remind him not to give the secret away. 她用肘部截了一下吉姆的肋骨，提醒他不要泄露秘密。
He had been rubbing elbows with celebrities.（比喻用法，美）他一直与一些名流过从甚密。

adj.（人、事物或情况）（由于太强大，或太令人印象深刻，或由于看似很困难而）可怕的（有时让人尊敬的，此事可称为令人敬畏的）:
adj.（人、事物、情况、困难、任务等）可怕的、令人敬畏的；难对付的；艰巨的:
formidable |[ˈfɔ:mɪdəbl;fəˈmɪd-;美ˈfɔ:rm-;fərˈm-]
In debate he was a formidable opponent. 在辩论中他是位难应付的对手。
She has a formidable list of qualifications. 她有一长串令人敬畏的资历。
Marsalis has a formidable reputation in both jazz and classical music. 马萨利斯在爵士乐和古典音乐领域都有极高的声望。
The two players together make a formidable combination. 这两个队员配对儿，难以对付。
The task was a formidable one. 这任务非常艰巨。
The task looks formidable. 这任务看起来很艰难。
They had to overcome formidable obstacles. 他们得克服重重障碍。
Men found her formidable. 男人们觉得她很可怕。
She has a formidable list of qualifications. 她有一长串令人敬畏的资历。
a formidable competition record 令人生畏的比赛记录 
formidable talent 令人敬畏的天才 
She has a formidable intellect. 他有令人生畏的才智。
Marsalis has a formidable reputation in both jazz and classical music. 马萨利斯在爵士乐和古典音乐领域都有极高的声望。
He had a formidable stage presence. 他台风霸气。
The customer is faced with a formidable array of products. 顾客面对数量大得惊人的产品。
formidable force 可怕的力量 
formidable bulk 可怕的大家伙 
In debate he was a formidable opponent. 在辩论中他是位难应付的对手。
The two players together make a formidable combination. 这两个队员配对儿，难以对付。
formidable personality 难对付的性格 
formidable enemy 难对付的敌人 
formidable warrior 难对付的勇士 
formidable fortress 坚固的要塞 
They had to overcome formidable obstacles. 他们得克服重重障碍。
a formidable barrier to communication 沟通的巨大障碍 
The task was a formidable one. 这任务非常艰巨。
We have a formidable task ahead of us. 我们面临着一项艰巨的任务。

structurally 在结构上
Structural means relating to or affecting the structure of something. 结构上的
structural |英 ['strʌktʃ(ə)r(ə)l]  美 ['strʌktʃərəl]| adj. 结构的；建筑的/
When we bought the house, it was structurally sound, but I decided to redecorate throughout.我们买下这个房子时，它在结构上很完好，但我决定全部重新装修。
The explosion caused little structural damage to the office towers themselves.这次爆炸对办公大楼本身几乎没有造成结构上的破坏。


If you kindle a fire, you light paper or wood in order to start it. 点燃
If something kindles a particular emotion in someone, it makes them start to feel it. 激发
kindle |英 ['kɪnd(ə)l]  美 ['kɪndl]| vt. 点燃；激起；照亮/vi. 发亮；着火；激动起来/
I came in and kindled a fire in the stove.我进来把炉子点着了。
The Second World War kindled his enthusiasm for politics.第二次世界大战激发了他的政治热情。


vi. 变得更小、更少等:
decline (of sth)（某事物的数量、价值、质量等的）持续降低、减少、下降:
n. 衰落:
vi. 衰退:
vt.＆vi. [正式] 礼貌地拒绝接受；礼貌地拒绝去做某事。常翻译为“谢绝”:
vt.＆vi. 一个名词、形容词或代词根据其在句中的作用（如是否作一个动词的主语或宾语、是否是单数或复数等）而变化形式；使发生上述词形变化:
decline |[dɪ'klaɪn]
Profits declined by 6% this year. 今年利润减少了6%。
The number of full-time staff has declined from 300 to just 50. 全职员工的数量从300人下降到区区50人。
to decline in size 规模下降
a small decline in the company’s profits 公司利润的略有减少 
the decline of public transport 公共交通的减少 
mental, physical decline 智力下降；体力下降 
population, price decline 人口减少；价格降低 
a steep decline in sales 销售额的陡降 
a sharp decline in educational standards 教育水平的急剧下滑
a steady decline in manufacturing 制造业的持续衰退 
economic, urban decline 经济衰退；城市衰落 
the moral decline of the nation 这个民族的道德沦丧 
national decline 民族衰落 
the decline of business 生意下滑 
the decline and fall of a great civilization 一个伟大文明的衰落
Support for the party continues to decline. 对该党的支持继续下降。
Her health was declining rapidly. 她的健康状况迅速恶化。
The economy has declined sharply in recent years. 近几年经济急剧下滑。
The market for these products is declining fast. 这些产品的市场正在迅速萎缩。
to decline an offer, to decline an invitation 谢绝对方的主动帮助；谢绝对方的邀请 
I offered to give them a lift but they declined. 我主动邀请他们搭车，但他们婉言谢绝了。
Their spokesman declined to comment on the allegations. 他们的发言人拒绝对这些指控加以评论。


enroll | 注册,报名

vi. [英，非正式] 悄悄地去某地，尤指为躲避某人或某事物:
n. [C] 土地的斜坡:
n. [C, usually pl.] 山坡:
n. 1 [C] 倾斜的平面；土地的斜坡:
2 [sing., U] 某事物的倾斜度、坡度:
vi.（水平面）倾斜、有斜坡:
vi.（垂直或竖直的某事物）向左右倾斜:
slope |[sləʊp;美sloʊp]
They got bored waiting for him and sloped off. 他们等他等得不耐烦，就悄悄走了。
She sloped off quietly on Saturday afternoon. 星期六下午，她脚底抹油，溜之大吉。
They sloped into their hotel at 6am. 凌晨 6 点，他们悄悄地潜入他们下榻的饭店。
a grassy slope 长满草的斜坡 
The town is built on a slope. 这座城建在斜坡上。
the continental slope off the American coast 美洲海岸线上的大陆坡 
The street must have been on a slope. 这条街一定是建在一个斜坡上。
a slope leading down to the river 通往下面河边的一个斜坡 
The lower slopes rise quite gently. 较低处的斜坡坡度和缓。
a west-facing slope overlooking the river 俯瞰河流的西向斜坡 
I scrambled down the icy slope. 我爬下了冰封的斜坡。
the eastern slopes of the Andes 安第斯山脉东坡 
The vineyards on the south-facing slopes get more sunshine. 南坡上的葡萄园日照更充裕。
Saint-Christo is perched on a mountain slope 圣克里斯托教堂坐落在一个山坡上。
the lower slopes of the Himalayas 喜马拉雅山脉较低处的山坡 
There were more skiers further up the slope. 在山坡高一些的地方滑雪者更多。
There was snow on the higher slopes of the mountain. 更高处的山坡上有积雪。
We clambered up the steep, rocky slope. 我们沿着陡峭多石的山坡向上爬。
Rocks and boulders rolled down the slopes of the crater. 岩石和巨砾顺着火山口外的斜坡滚落下来。
The vineyard covers the slope. 葡萄园遮住了整个山坡。
We camped on an open mountain slope. 我们在开阔的山坡上扎营。
the bottom of a slope 坡底 
dry（英）, ski slope 人造滑雪坡；滑雪坡 
She plans to hit the ski slopes this winter. 这个冬天她打算去滑雪场。
He spends all winter on the slopes (= skiing). 整个冬天他都在山坡上滑雪。
bunny（美）, nursery（英） slope（初学滑雪者的）平缓练习坡地 /
a grassy slope 长满草的斜坡 
The town is built on a slope. 这座城建在斜坡上。
the continental slope off the American coast 美洲海岸线上的大陆坡 
The street must have been on a slope. 这条街一定是建在一个斜坡上。
a slope leading down to the river 通往下面河边的一个斜坡 
The lower slopes rise quite gently. 较低处的斜坡坡度和缓。
a west-facing slope overlooking the river 俯瞰河流的西向斜坡 
I scrambled down the icy slope. 我爬下了冰封的斜坡。
gentle, steep slope 缓坡；陡坡 
The football pitch has a slope of about one metre. 足球场有一米的坡度。
a slope of 45 degrees 45度的坡度 
the angle of slope 倾角 
positive slope 正斜率 
The unemployment-income curve on the graph has a negative slope. 图上失业——收入曲线斜率为负。
the slope of a line 直线的斜率 
The slope increases as you go up the curve. 曲线上升，斜率变大。
The garden slopes away towards the river. 花园向河边倾斜下去。
The ground slopes away steeply at the back of the house. 房后的地面形成陡坡。
The field slopes down to a small river. 那片地是下坡，直通小河边。
The bank sloped down sharply to the river. 河岸到河面的斜坡非常陡。
sloping shoulders 斜肩 
His handwriting slopes backwards. 他写的字向右斜。
It was a very old house with sloping walls. 这房子已经很旧，墙都歪了。
The writing sloped backwards. 笔迹朝右倾斜。
He wonders why the digits on his calculator slope to the right. 他不明白为什么他的计算器上面的数字向右倾斜。

distended
If a part of your body is distended, or if it distends, it becomes swollen and unnaturally large. 肿胀
distend |英 [dɪ'stend]  美 [dɪ'stɛnd]| vt. 使…膨胀；使…扩张/vi. 扩张；膨胀/
...an infant with a distended belly....一个肚子肿胀的婴儿。
The colon, or large intestine, distends and fills with gas.结肠，也叫大肠，内部填满气体膨胀起来。
Through this incision, the abdominal cavity is distended with carbon dioxide gas.通过此切口，二氧化碳气体把胸腔充得肿胀起来。


vt. ~ yourself 做出极大的身体或精神上的努力:
vt.（对某人或某事物）行使权力或施加影响力:
vt.（对某人或某事物）行使权力或施加影响力:
exert |[ɪgˈzɜ:t;美ɪgˈzɜ:rt]
In order to be successful he would have to exert himself. 他必须努力才能成功。
Do not exert yourself unnecessarily. 不要做无谓的努力。
He exerted all his authority to make them accept the plan. 他利用他的所有权力让他们接受这个计划。
He exerted considerable influence on the thinking of the scientific community on these issues. 他极大地影响了科学界对这些问题的看法。
The moon exerts a force on the earth that causes the tides. 月球对地球的吸引力引起潮汐。
The cyst was causing swelling and exerting pressure on her brain. 那个囊肿正在引起肿胀，压迫着她的大脑。
He exerted all his authority to make them accept the plan. 他利用他的所有权力让他们接受这个计划。
He exerted considerable influence on the thinking of the scientific community on these issues. 他极大地影响了科学界对这些问题的看法。
The moon exerts a force on the earth that causes the tides. 月球对地球的吸引力引起潮汐。
The cyst was causing swelling and exerting pressure on her brain. 那个囊肿正在引起肿胀，压迫着她的大脑。


appreciable |英 [ə'priːʃəb(ə)l; -ʃɪə-]  美 [ə'priʃəbl]| adj. 可感知的；可评估的；相当可观的/



An aggregate amount or score is made up of several smaller amounts or scores added together. 合计的
aggregate |英 ['ægrɪgət; (for v.) ˈægrɪgeɪt]  美 ['æɡrɪɡət; (for v.) æɡrɪˌɡet]| vi. 集合；聚集；合计/vt. 集合；聚集；合计/n. 合计；集合体；总计/adj. 聚合的；集合的；合计的/
The rate of growth of GNP will depend upon the rate of growth of aggregate demand.国民生产总值的增长率将依赖于总需求的增长率。


n. [sing.] thirst (for sth) 对…的强烈渴望，即渴求。与hunger类似，但不如hunger常用:
n. 1 [U, sing.] 感到口渴，想要喝水，即口渴。是此义的常规用词:
2 [U] 没有足够的水供饮用，即缺水:
thirst |[θə:st]
a thirst for truth 对真理的渴求 
a thirst for knowledge 对知识的渴求
to drink water to quench your thirst 喝水来解渴 
After walking five miles, they had worked up a great thirst. 走了五英里，他们口干舌燥。
They died of thirst. 他们因缺水而死。

n. [C]（尤指西大西洋的）飓风:
hurricane |['hʌrɪkən]
Hurricane Katrina 卡特里娜飓风 
A hurricane hit the city. 一场飓风袭击了该市。
hurricane warning 飓风警报 
hurricane damage 飓风造成的损害 
hurricane relief 飓风救援 
hurricane season 飓风季节 
The roof blew off in a hurricane. 屋顶被飓风掀翻了。
the eye of the hurricane (= the central point) 飓风眼

n. [sing.] [非正式]（让人意想不到的）奇迹:
adj.（药物或产品）神奇的、不可思议的:
n. [C] 神仙做的不遵循自然规律的事，如圣迹；神迹:
n. [C] ~ of sth 极好的例子；产品中的精品:
miracle |[ˈmɪrəkl]
modern miracle 现代奇迹 
medical miracle 医学奇迹 
The Italian economic miracle has always been a mystery. 意大利的经济奇迹一直是个谜。
It's a miracle (that) nobody was killed in the crash. 撞车事故中竟然没有一人丧生，这真是奇迹。
By a miracle she escaped serious injury. 她奇迹般地没受重伤。
It would take a miracle to make this business profitable. 让这个公司赢利简直是天方夜谭。
The letter's survival is something of a minor miracle. 这封信能保存下来，可以说是个小小的奇迹。
Don't expect this medicine to work miracles. 不要指望这药能创造奇迹。
It would take a miracle to get the old car going again. 这辆旧车要是能再跑起来那就奇了。
miracle worker 奇迹创造者
miracle cure, miracle drug, miracle pill（尤美）灵丹妙药 
a miracle drug that is said to be a cure for Aids and cancer 据说可以治愈艾滋病和癌症的神药
the miracle of the Virgin Birth 童贞女生子的神迹 
Jesus's ability to perform miracles 耶稣创造奇迹的能力 
miracle story 神迹故事
The car is a miracle of engineering. 这辆车是汽车工业的精品。

n. [C] 令人害怕或不快的梦，即噩梦、梦魇:
n. [C] ~ (for sb) 非常可怕或不快的经历，或非常棘手的经历，即噩梦般的经历:
nightmare |[ˈnaɪtmeə(r);美-mer]
The film gave me nightmares. 这部电影让我老做噩梦。
I have nightmares about drowning. 我老做溺水的噩梦。
He still has nightmares about the accident. 他仍然做噩梦梦见这场事故。
All the victims still suffered nightmares. 所有受害者仍然被恶梦困扰。
The faces of all the people he had killed haunted his nightmares. 他杀死的那些人的面孔常在他的噩梦中出现。
Jane did not eat cheese because it gives her nightmares. 简没吃奶酪，因为那会让她做恶梦。
The years in prison were a nightmare. 监狱里的那些年是一场噩梦。
nightmare journey（尤英）噩梦般的行程 
The trip turned into a nightmare when they both got sick. 这次旅行成了一场噩梦，他们俩都病了。
Their dream of living in the country turned into a nightmare. 他们在乡村生活的美梦变成了一场噩梦。
Taking my son Peter to a restaurant was a nightmare. 带我儿子彼得外出吃饭简直糟糕透了。
Losing a child is my worst nightmare. 丧子是我最痛苦的经历。
The refugees had survived a living nightmare. 难民们熬过了噩梦般的痛苦经历。
the nightmare scenario of mass unemployment 大规模失业的可怕景象 
The writer evokes a nightmare vision of a future on a polluted planet. 作者描绘了未来遭受污染的星球上的噩梦般的场景。
nightmare world 噩梦般的世界 
In practice a graduate tax is an administrative nightmare. 毕业税具体操作起来不啻一场行政噩梦。
Nobody knows what's going on─ it's a nightmare!（非正式用法）谁也不知道是怎么回事——真是棘手至极！
Filling in all those forms was a nightmare.（非正式用法）填写了那么多的表格，真是太可怕了。
a nightmare situation 恶劣的形势

prep. 在电影或戏剧中与某人合演，即联袂演出:
adj. 常用于名词前，与某事物截然不同的:
n. [C] 与…截然相反或对立的人或事物:
adj. 1 只用于名词前，处于某个区域的另一侧且常与…相面对的:
2 用于名词后，指面对（说话者或其他人或事物）的:
adv. 对面:
prep. 处于某个区域的另一侧，且常与…相面对:
opposite |['ɒpəzɪt]
She starred opposite Tom Hanks. 她与汤姆·汉克斯联袂主演。
in the opposite direction 在反方向上 
She tried calming him down but it seemed to be having the opposite effect. 她试着让他平静下来，却似乎火上浇油了。
students at opposite ends of the ability range 能力差距两极的学生
Hot and cold are opposites. 热和冷是对立面。
What is the opposite of heavy? 重的反义词是什么？
Exactly the opposite is true. 事实恰恰相反。
In temperament, she was the complete opposite to her sister. 她和她姐姐的性格截然不同。
The effect was exactly the opposite to what he intended. 效果与他的意图正好相反。
opposites attract 异性相吸
Answers are given on the opposite page. 答案在对页上。
on the opposite side of the road 在马路对面 
the opposite end of the country 该国的另一端 
the opposite corner of the room 房间里的另一个对角 
the house directly opposite 正对面的房子 
He sat down in the chair opposite. 他在对面的椅子上坐了下来。
He lives opposite. 他住在对面。
See opposite for further details. 详情见对页。
He looked up at the buildings opposite. 他抬头看了看对面那些楼。
I sat opposite him during the meal. 席间我坐在他的对面。
The bank is opposite the supermarket. 银行在超市对面。
Write your address opposite your name. 在姓名旁边写上你的地址。

adj. [只用于名词前] 有专门用途的、专门为…而设计制造的:
adj. ~ (to sth) 在某事上专心致志的、献身的:
dedicated |[ˈdedɪkeɪtɪd]
Software is exported through a dedicated satellite link. 软件通过专用卫星线路出口。
Such areas should also be served by dedicated cycle routes. 这些区域也应该设专门的自行车道。
the world's first museum dedicated to ecology 世界上第一个专门的生态博物馆
a dedicated teacher 富有献身精神的教师 
dedicated followers of classical music 古典音乐的忠实追随者 
She is totally dedicated to her job. 她一门心思扑在工作上。
The workforce is small but highly dedicated. 员工数量虽少但工作很卖力。
Her great-grandfather had clearly been a dedicated and stoical traveller. 她的曾祖父显然是一位非常投入而且坚忍不拔的旅行爱好者。

vt. [正式] ~ sth (to sb) 将某事物正式提供给某人，如出示:
adj. 和善的，温柔的，亲切慈爱的:
adj. 容易损坏的、脆弱的:
adj.（食物）嫩的、容易咀嚼切割的:
adj.（年龄）幼小的、没经验的:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (to sb) 将建议正式提供给某人:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (to sb) 将某事物（如建议、辞呈、金钱等）正式提供给某人，如提出、递交、呈交、缴纳:
adj.（身体部位）敏感的且一碰就疼的:
n. [C] 投标:
vi. ~ (for sth) 投标:
vt. [正式] ~ sth (to sb) 将金钱正式提供给某人，如缴纳:
n. [C] 在大船和口岸之间载运人或货物的一条小船，如供应船、补给船、交通船:
n. [C] 附属于蒸汽机车的一个卡车，用于装载燃料和水:
tender |[ˈtendə(r)]
He took his wallet from his inside coat pocket and tendered the permit. 他从外套内兜里掏出钱包，出示了许可证。
tender words 亲切的话语 
What he needs now is a lot of tender loving care (= sympathetic treatment). 他现在需要的是充分的关心和爱护。
Her voice was tender, full of pity. 她的声音很温柔，充满了怜爱。
Patients may not receive the tender, loving care once associated with a hospital stay. 病人们可能享受不到以前住院时那种悉心体贴的照顾。
The letters to Penelope are achingly tender. 给佩内洛普的信充满柔情密意。
Her expression became soft, almost tender. 她的表情缓和下来，几近温柔。
He felt tender and loving towards/toward her. 他对她满心柔情蜜意。
tender young plants 娇嫩的幼苗
This meat is extremely tender. 这肉嫩得很。
Cook for a minimum of 2 hours, or until the meat is tender. 至少煮两个小时，或一直煮到肉变烂为止。
tender young dwarf beans 幼嫩的四季豆 
Boil the potatoes in salted water until just tender. 把土豆放在盐水中煮到刚好变软。
He had become attracted to the game at the tender age of seven. 他在7岁的小小年纪就喜欢上了这项运动。
the loss of her father at such a tender age 如此幼小的年纪就失去了父亲
He has tendered his resignation to the Prime Minister. 他已向首相递交了辞呈。
He took his wallet from his inside coat pocket and tendered the permit. 他从外套内兜里掏出钱包，出示了许可证。
My tummy felt very tender. 我的肚子一碰就很疼。
Treat any tender points by massaging. 用按摩法治疗疼痛部位。
The back of my neck feels very tender. 我的脖颈子一碰就痛得要命。
Cleaning services have been put out to tender (= companies have been asked to make offers to supply these services). 清扫工作已经对外招标。
Builders will then be sent the specifications and asked to submit a tender for the work. 建筑商们将会收到说明书，并被邀请参与该项目投标。
Some services are now compulsorily put out to tender. 现在，有些服务项目必须进行招标。
highest tender 最高价格的投标 
successful tender 成功的投标 
competitive tender 竞争性投标 
The contract was put out to competitive tender. 合同付诸竞标。
open, public, private tender 公开招标；非公开招标 
The government invited tenders for a project to computerize the social security system. 政府就社会保障系统计算机化项目进行了招标。
The building of the new school will go out to tender. 新校的建设将对外招标。
tender offer 投标出价；兼并要约 
tender document 投标文件 
tender price 投标价格 
The property is to be sold by tender. 那处房产将以投标方式出售。
Local firms were invited to tender for the building contract. 当地的公司被邀请投标承包建筑工程。
The staff are forbidden to tender for private-sector work. 工作人员不得投标承接私营部门的工作。
He tendered for and was awarded the contract. 他参与竞标，并赢得了合同。

If you say that someone is a pervert, you mean that you consider their behaviour, especially their sexual behaviour, to be immoral or unacceptable. (尤在性行为方面) 变态的人
If you pervert something such as a process or society, you interfere with it so that it is not as good as it used to be or as it should be. 使败坏
pervert |英 [pə'vɜːt]  美 [pɚ'vɝt]| vt. 使堕落；滥用；使反常/n. 堕落者；行为反常者；性欲反常者；变态/
I hope the police track down these perverts and charge them with rape.我希望警方追查这些性变态者，并以强奸罪起诉他们。
Any reform will destroy and pervert our constitution.任何改革都将破坏、败坏我们的宪法。


adj. 愚蠢的:
n. 1 [C] [非正式] 非常愚蠢（或做了蠢事）的人，如傻瓜、笨蛋:
2 [C] [过时，冒犯性] 智商低到不能正常思考或做事的人，如白痴:
idiot |[ˈɪdiət]
a bunch of idiot journalists waiting to ask me stupid questions 一帮白痴似的记者等着问我愚蠢的问题
Not that switch, you idiot! 不是那个开关，你这个蠢货！
What stupid idiot left their shoes on the stairs? 是哪个白痴把鞋落在楼梯上了? 
He was giggling like a drunken idiot. 他咯咯发笑，像个喝醉酒的白痴。
When I lost my passport, I felt such an idiot. 我丢了护照时觉得自己像个大傻瓜。
I felt（like）a complete idiot, standing there in front of all those people! 站在那么多人面前，我感觉自己像个十足的白痴! 
She knew she was acting like an idiot. 她知道自己表现得像个白痴。
She called me an idiot. 她骂我是个白痴。
He's made a complete idiot of himself over this woman! 他因为这个女人出尽了洋相! 
the village idiot 村里的那个智障者 
He looked like the village idiot. 他看起来像个没脑子的乡巴佬。

vi. [正式] 稳步而有力地前进:
vt.（在火里用锤子）锻造金属，或以此方式制作物品:
vt. 为欺骗别人而非法复制某事物，如伪造、仿冒:
vi. [正式] 稳步而有力地前进、发展:
vt. 艰苦干成某事、努力加强某事（使此事持续长久）。如建立、开创:
n. [C] 锻铁炉；锻造车间；锻造工厂:
n. [C] 铁匠铺:
forge |[fɔ:dʒ;美fɔ:rdʒ]
He forged through the crowds to the front of the stage. 他稳步挤过人群走到台前。
swords forged from steel 用钢锻造的刀剑 
To forge a blade takes great skill. 锻造刀刃需要很高超的技巧。
to forge a passport, to forge a banknote, to forge a cheque 伪造护照；伪造钞票；伪造支票 
He's getting good at forging his mother's signature. 他把母亲的签名伪造得越来越惟妙惟肖了。
She alleged that Taylor had forged her signature on the form. 她声称泰勒在表格上伪造了她的签名。
She forged into the lead (= in a competition, race, etc.). 她（在比赛、赛跑等中）稳步领先。
He again pledged to forge ahead with his plans for reform. 他再次承诺会稳步推进自己的改革计划。
The two companies forged ahead, innovating and expanding. 两家公司加快发展，改革创新，不断扩张。
a move to forge new links between management and workers 努力建立劳资新关系的措施 
Strategic alliances are being forged with major European companies. 正与欧洲主要公司设法结成战略同盟。
The Prime Minister is determined to forge a good relationship with America's new leader. 首相决意要和美国的新任领导人建立良好的关系。
They agreed to forge closer economic ties. 他们同意建立更加紧密的经济联系。
She forged a new career in the music business. 她在乐坛上另创一番新事业。
The project will help inmates forge new careers. 这项计划会帮助犯人开始新的职业。
Tito forged a unique model of communism after breaking with Stalin in 1948. 1948 年铁托在和斯大林决裂后创建了一种独特的共产主义模式。
the blacksmith's forge 铁匠铺 
Woodbury Blacksmith & Forge Co. 伍德伯里锻造公司

adj.（行为、感情等）刻意的:
adj.（行为、感情等）慎重的:
adj. 神志清醒的、有知觉的、有意识的:
~ that 意识到、注意到:
2 对某事关注的、特别感兴趣的，即有…意识的:
3（记忆或想法）有意识的、意识到的:
conscious |[ˈkɒnʃəs;美ˈkɑ:n-]
I made a conscious effort to get there on time. 我刻意约束自己准时到达那里。
a conscious act of cruelty 有意而为的残暴行径 
I don't think we ever made a conscious decision to have a big family. 我觉得我们没有刻意地决定要生很多孩子。
Make a conscious effort to relax your muscles. 有意识地放松肌肉。
to make a conscious decision 做出慎重的决定           
A patient who is not fully conscious should never be left alone. 神志并非完全清醒的病人必须时刻有人照料。
She was fully conscious all the time and knew what was going on. 她一直都很清醒，知道是怎么回事。
She remained conscious throughout the operation. 整个手术过程中她都保持神志清醒。
She was heavily sedated but struggled to stay conscious. 给她服用了大量镇静剂，但她还是挣扎着想要保持清醒。
The patient is not yet fully conscious. 病人还没有完全清醒。
One man was so drunk he was barely conscious. 一个男人喝得烂醉，几乎神志不清。
treatment decisions for persons in a minimally conscious state 对只有微弱意识状态病人的治疗决定 
I was only half conscious. 当时我有点儿不清醒。
We are now deeply conscious of these issues. 我们现在深深地意识到这些问题。
I was hardly conscious of my surroundings. 我几乎没注意到我周围的情况。
Barely conscious of the flashing lights around him, he recklessly weaved in and out of traffic. 他几乎没有意识到周围一闪一闪的灯光，不顾一切地在车流中穿进穿出。
He fell, and was dimly conscious of Tara standing over him. 他倒下了，模糊地感到塔拉站在旁边。
He was painfully conscious of how hard it was going to be to explain. 他很烦恼，意识到要做出解释是多么地艰难。
I am very conscious of the need for secrecy. 我充分意识到保密的必要。
She's very conscious of the problems involved. 她完全意识到了所涉及的问题。
He became acutely conscious of having failed his parents. 他深深感到自己辜负了父母的期望。
I was vaguely conscious that I was being watched. 我隐隐约约地觉察到有人在监视我。
He was conscious of the faint, musky aroma of after-shave. 他注意到了须后水淡淡的麝香味。
I'm very conscious of my weight. 我很在意自己的体重。
He is acutely conscious that this transition will bring with it the risk of social unrest. 他非常清楚这种转变伴随着社会动乱的危险。
She was very conscious of Max studying her. 她非常清楚马克斯在仔细端详她。
The company is extremely environmentally conscious (= aware of environmental problems and how to deal with them). 这家公司的环保意识很强。
They have become increasingly health-conscious. 他们的健康意识越来越强。
He had no conscious memory of his four-week stay in hospital. 他对自己住院的4个星期没有任何有意识的记忆。
Beneath the conscious mind there are many levels of the unconscious. 在意识心理之下存在很多层次的无意识。

adj. 1 只用很少的言语给出必要的信息的，即简明的、简练的:
2 [只用于名词前]（书籍）基于原版且比原版要小的，即简略的、简明的:
concise |[kənˈsaɪs]
a concise summary 简明扼要的总结 
a concise definition 简明的定义 
clear concise instructions 言简意赅的说明 
His text is concise and informative. 他的文章语言简洁，信息丰富。
Whatever you are writing make sure you are clear, concise, and accurate. 无论写什么，一定要清晰、简练、准确。
a concise dictionary 简明词典 
Sotheby's Concise Encyclopedia of Porcelain《苏富比简明瓷器百科全书》

n. [C] 也可用animated cartoon，指动画片或卡通影片:
n. [C] [术语]（画家正式作画前所画的）草图，底图:
n. 1 [C] 报刊或杂志上的趣味漫画或讽刺性漫画（尤指关于政治或时事的漫画）:
2 [C] 常登载于报刊上的，画在格子里的一系列图画，可称为连环漫画，相当于comic strip:
cartoon |[kɑː'tu:n]
a Walt Disney cartoon 迪士尼动画片 
cartoon character 卡通画人物 
cartoon channel 卡通频道
editorial（美）, political cartoon 社论漫画；政治漫画 
cartoon characters 漫画形象 
cartoon strip（英）连环漫画 
strip cartoon（英）连环漫画

catch up with and pass while travelling in the same direction:在同一个方向行驶时追上并通过
become greater or more successful than:变得更大或更成功
(especially of misfortune) come suddenly or unexpectedly upon:（尤指不幸的）突如其来
(of a feeling) affect (someone) suddenly and powerfully:(一种感觉的)突然而有力地影响(某人)
overtake |ˌəʊvəˈteɪk| Verb/:超过,超车,反超
her car overtook a line of vehicles:她的车超过了一排车辆
Germany rapidly overtook Britain in industrial output:德国工业产值迅速超过英国
disaster overtook the town in 1296:disaster在1296年占领了该镇
weariness overtook him and he retired to bed:weariness超过了他，他退到床上

n. [usually sing.]（书页、花园、建筑、街道等的）布局、布置、设计、安排:
layout |[ˈleɪaʊt]
Before designing the house we planned the basic layout of the rooms. 在设计这座房子之前我们先规划了房间的基本布局。
spatial layout 空间布局 | interior, internal layout 内部设计 
text layout 文本布局 
page layout software 版面设计软件 
road（美）, street 道路规划；街道布局 
the magazine's attractive new page layout 杂志诱人而新颖的版面设计 
He tried to recall the layout of the farmhouse. 他努力回想农舍的布局。
This boat has a good deck layout making everything easy to operate. 这艘船的甲板布局合理，使得所有操控都很方便。          


out of date, obsolete:过时的，过时的
outdated |ˌaʊtˈdeɪtɪd| Adjective/:过时的,已过时
outdated equipment:过时的设备

vi. sigh (with sth)（因失望、悲伤、劳累等而）叹气、叹息:
n. [C] 叹气的行为或声音，即叹气，叹息；叹气声，叹息声:
vi. [文学]（尤指风）发出一声长长的叹息一样的声音，如悲鸣:
vi. 叹着气说，叹息道:
sigh |[saɪ]
He sighed deeply at the thought. 想到这里，他深深叹了口气。
He sighed in exasperation. 他恼怒地叹了口气。
She sighed with relief that it was all over. 事情总算全都过去了，她轻松地舒了一口气。
a sigh of relief 松了一口气 
She gave a deep sigh of contentment. 她心满意足，深深舒了口气。
an inward sigh 内心的叹息 
a weary sigh 疲倦的叹息 
A heavy sigh came from her mother. 她母亲深深地叹了口气。
The wind sighed through the valley. 风在山谷里呼啸而过。
‘Oh well, better luck next time,’ she sighed. “唉，就这样了，但愿下一次运气好些。”她叹息道。
