endurance						忍耐力，耐用度
mount						登上，镶嵌，安装，发起，上涌，增加
consensus							一致意见
enforce					强制实施，强迫
tag				标签，警句，给...加标签，跟随
concede			承认，让与，退让
grit				沙子，勇气
elevate				抬起，提高，提升
horizon						地平线，范围
crawl			爬，缓慢前进，巴结，自由泳
mingle			使混合，交往
substantial						可观的，显著的
marginal			微不足道的，非主流的，边缘的
foresee						预见
soil								土壤，农田，国土，弄脏
awful								坏的，可怕的，生病的，极其
regime							政权，养生法
divine						上帝的，神授的，极好的，猜到
assume							假定，获得，装出，呈现
Easter					复活节
shatter					打碎，破坏，使...震惊，使精疲力竭
inquire					询问，打听
annuity					年金
cynical					愤世嫉俗的，冷漠自私的
affix					粘上，固定，签，词缀
compress					压缩，剪短
verge					接近，路边
a crumb of					少许
sustenance				食物，营养，维持
diminish					减少，削弱，贬低
\\\\\\\\

n. [U]（对痛苦或困难的）忍耐力、耐久力:
endurance |[ɪnˈdjʊərəns;美-ˈdʊr-]
He showed remarkable endurance throughout his illness. 他在整个生病期间表现出非凡的忍耐力。
They were humiliated beyond endurance. 他们被羞辱到忍无可忍的地步。
This event tests both physical and mental endurance. 该比赛项目既是对体力也是对心理承受力的考验。
The party turned out to be more of an endurance test than a pleasure. 这次聚会结果成了一次耐力测试，而不是一件乐事。
The exercise obviously will improve strength and endurance. 这种锻炼会明显改善体力，增加耐力。
mental, physical endurance 心理承受力；身体承受力 
human endurance 人类的忍耐力 
She showed great endurance in the face of pain. 她面对痛苦表现出极大的忍耐力。
The astronauts will undergo a series of trials to test their physical and mental endurance in space. 宇航员将接受一系列试验以测试他们在太空中的生理和心理承受力。
Swimming a little farther each session will build endurance. 每次游得远一点将会增强耐力。
endurance test 耐力测试 
endurance exercise, endurance training 耐力练习；耐力训练 
endurance athlete, endurance runner 耐力型运动员；耐力型赛跑运动员 
endurance race 耐力赛跑 
He felt he had been provoked beyond endurance. 他觉得挑衅已让他忍无可忍。
The shoes hurt her feet beyond endurance. 这双鞋太磨脚，她实在忍受不了。
They are capable of amazing feats of endurance. 他们有非凡的忍耐力。
She was almost at the limits of her endurance. 她的忍耐几乎已到极限。
The task was a test of their powers of endurance. 这项任务是对他们忍耐力的考验。
Heavy manual work calls for strength and endurance. 繁重的体力劳动需要力气和耐力。
Running a marathon is seen by many as the ultimate test of endurance. 许多人将跑马拉松视为对耐力极限的挑战。

vi. 数量逐渐增加:
vt. [正式] 登上、攀登（台阶、平台等）:
vt. ~ sth (on/onto/in sth) 将某事物安放、安装、镶嵌在…上（以进行使用、观察或研究）:
vt. 组织或发起一场活动:
n. 1 [C] 用以展示某事物，或对该事物起支撑作用的一张卡片或一块玻璃:
2 [C]（也可用mounting）物体的托架、支撑架:
vt. 爬上（雌性动物的背）进行交配:
n. [sing.] Mount（缩写为. Mt）（在现代英语里仅用于地名）山、山峰:
n. [C] [正式或文学] 一匹供骑乘的马，即坐骑:
vt.&vi. 骑上（自行车、马匹等）:
vi. 强度逐渐加剧:
mount |[maʊnt]
The death toll continues to mount. 死亡人数持续增加。
The uncollected garbage mounts in city streets. 未收的垃圾在市区街道上越积越多。
He ignored his mounting debts. 他对日益增加的债务置之不理。
The cost quickly mounts up. 成本迅速上涨。
She slowly mounted the steps. 她慢慢地爬上台阶。
He was mounting the stairs up into the keep. 他登上台阶，走进城堡主楼。
He mounted the platform and addressed the crowd. 他登上讲台对人群发表演说。
The vehicle mounted the pavement. 机动车开上了人行道。
The support for the sword is mounted on an extension to the table. 剑托安放在桌子延长出的部分。
The specimens were mounted on slides. 标本安放在载片上。
The diamond is mounted in gold. 这颗钻石镶在金饰物上。
Her husband mounts the work on velour paper and makes the frame. 她丈夫把作品装裱在绒纸上，并制作了画框。
The prints were beautifully mounted. 这些版画装裱得很漂亮。
The switch is mounted directly on the wall. 开关直接安装在墙上。           
to mount a protest 发起抗议 
The ANC announced it was mounting a major campaign of mass political protests. 非洲人国民大会宣布他们正在开展一次大规模政治抗议活动。
a security operation mounted by the army 军队开展的维护安全军事行动 
The gallery has mounted an exhibition of art by Irish women painters. 画廊已举办了一场爱尔兰女画家的作品展。
The company successfully mounted a takeover bid in 1996. 该公司1996年成功发起了一次竞价收购。
engine, gun mount 发动机托架；炮架
Mt Everest 珠穆朗玛峰 
Mount Kilimanjaro 乞力马扎罗山 
St Michael's Mount 圣迈克尔山
the number of owners who care for older mounts 愿意照料老马的马主的数量          
He mounted his horse and rode away. 他骑上马走了。
A man in a crash helmet was mounting a motorbike. 一位戴头盔的男子正跨上摩托车。
For several hours, tension mounted. 有几个小时，紧张局势有所加剧。
Pressure is mounting on the government to change the law. 迫使政府修改法律的压力不断增加。
Election fever is mounting hourly. 竞选热潮每小时都在升温。
The decibel level was mounting. 分贝在增强。

consensus (that ...)指一个群体内所有成员所达成的共识。其含义已为agreement所完全包括，只是consensus使用的语境通常较为正式:
consensus |[kən'sensəs]
consensus (about sth) 
There is a growing consensus of opinion on this issue. 对这个问题的看法日趋一致。
a universal consensus about the problems of the exchange rate system 关于汇率机制问题的普遍共识 
tacit, unspoken consensus 默契 
scientific consensus 科学界的共识 
a lack of consensus 缺乏共识 

vt. ~ sth (on/against sb/sth)（权威方）强制执行或实施（法律或规定、措施）（通常对违抗者进行惩罚）:
vt. ~ sth (on sb) 迫使某事发生，或迫使某人去做某事:
enforce |[ɪnˈfɔ:s;美ɪnˈfɔ:rs]
It's the job of the police to enforce the law. 警察的工作就是执法。
The legislation will be difficult to enforce. 这一法规将难以实施。
The rules were strictly enforced. 那些规定已得到严格执行。
to enforce presidential decrees 执行总统的法令 
The government may take steps to enforce compliance with the new measures. 政府可能采取措施促使新规章的实施。
The measures are being enforced by Interior Ministry troops. 这些措施正由内政部部队实施。
The ban cannot be legally enforced. 这项禁令实施起来并无法律依据。
United Nations troops enforced a ceasefire in the area. 联合国军队在该地区强制执行停火命令。
They struggled to limit the cost by enforcing a low-tech specification. 他们通过实施低技术规格拼命限制成本。
You can't enforce cooperation between the players. 队员间的配合并非强迫命令而成。
David is now living in Beirut again after an enforced absence. 戴维在被迫离开后，现在又回到了贝鲁特生活。

n. [C, usually sing.]（人或事物的）某种称呼（可以是名字，也可以是短语）:
n. [C]（常构成复合词）（附在…上以表明其身份或给出相关事物信息的）小标签、标牌（其材质可以是纸张、布匹、塑料等）:
vt. 给…加上标签；在…上做记号:
vt. ~ sb/sth as sth 把…称作；给…起诨名:
n. [U]（英式英语也可用tig）儿童的捉人游戏（即一个孩子追赶并试图触碰到另一个孩子）:
n. [C] [计算机]（一段文本或数据之前或之后的）标记、标签、标识符:
vt. [计算机] 给文本或数据加标识符:
n. [C] [语言学] 附加语（为加强语气，如Yes, I do一句中的I do）:
n. [C]（引用自书籍、讲演、文章的）语录，引语，格言，谚语:
the Latin tag ‘Si vis pacem, para bellum.’ (= if you want peace, prepare for war) 拉丁语格言:
tag |[tæg]
They are finally ready to drop the tag ‘the new Beatles’. 他们终于准备放弃“新披头士乐队”这一称谓。
The ‘lucky’ tag stuck for years. “幸运儿”这个诨名叫了好多年。
In Britain, jazz is losing its elitist tag and gaining a much broader audience. 在英国，爵士乐不再是精英人物的专利，它正吸引着越来越多的听众。
identification, identity, name, price tag 身份识别牌；身份牌；姓名牌；价签 
The baby had a plastic name tag on its ankle. 婴儿脚踝上有一个塑料名字标牌。
Despite a price tag of £100 000, the car was sold in two days. 尽管标价10万英镑，那辆轿车两天就卖出去了。
metal, plastic tag 金属标签；塑料标签 
baggage（尤美）, luggage（尤英）tag 行李标签 
gift tag 礼品签 
dog tag (= metal name tag worn by soldiers)（美，俚语）狗牌（士兵携带的金属姓名牌）
ear tag（牲口的）耳标 
This suit carries a price tag of £2 000. 这套西装标价2，000英镑。
He put name tags on all his shirts. 他给自己所有的衬衣都缝上了标有姓名的签条。
Staff wore name tags. 工作人员都佩戴姓名牌。
The police use electronic tags to monitor the whereabouts of young offenders on probation. 警方利用电子跟踪器监视缓刑期间的青年罪犯。
A hospital is to fit newborn babies with electronic tags to foil kidnappers. 一家医院计划在新生儿身上安置电子追踪器，防止婴儿被拐卖。
Sometimes, they've snapped off the security tag and just taken the one shoe. 有时候，他们把防盗标签扯掉，顺走那一只鞋。
Each animal was tagged with a number for identification. 每只动物都系上了标有号码的小牌，以便辨认。
The most important trees were tagged to protect them from being damaged by construction machinery. 最珍贵的树木都被贴上了标签，以防被建筑机械毁坏。
Professor Orr has developed interesting ways of tagging chemical molecules using existing laboratory lasers. 奥尔教授发明了用现有实验室激光设备给化学分子做记号的种种有趣的办法。
The country no longer wanted to be tagged as a Third World nation. 这个国家不愿意再被称为第三世界国家。
the pundits were still tagging him with that age-old label, 'best of a bad bunch' 专家们仍用多年前的称呼“最好的坏人”来称呼他。
She has always lived in John's house and is still tagged 'Dad's girlfriend' by his children. 她一直住在约翰家里，依然被他的孩子们称作“爸爸的女友”。

~ sb sth 承认（某事属实、符合逻辑等）:
vt.&vi. ~ (defeat) 承认（比赛、选举等失败）:
~ sb sth（尤指不情愿地）让步；允许某人拥有某事物:
vt.（在体育运动中）未能阻止（对方进球或得分）:
concede |[kənˈsi:d]
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 
‘Not bad, ’ she conceded grudgingly. “不错。”她勉强承认道。
He was forced to concede (that) there might be difficulties. 他被迫承认可能有困难。
I had to concede the logic of this. 我得承认这件事情有它的逻辑。
He reluctantly conceded the point to me. 他不情愿地向我承认了这一点。
He reluctantly conceded me the point. 他不情愿地向我承认了这一点。
It must be conceded that different judges have different approaches to these cases. 必须承认不同的法官会采用不同的方法来判定这些案件。
Bess finally conceded that Nancy was right. 贝丝最终承认了南希是对的。
'Well,' he conceded, 'I do sometimes mumble a bit.' “嗯，”他承认道，“我有时候说话的确有点吐字不清。” 
She readily concedes that there is much work still to be done. 她毫不迟疑地承认还有很多工作未完成。
He reluctantly conceded that he was not fit enough to play in the match. 他不情愿地承认自己状态不好，应付不了比赛。
The company seems to be implicitly conceding that sales have been poor.（implicitly为美式用法）公司似乎含蓄地承认其销售情况不好。
He was not prepared to concede that he had acted illegally. 他不愿意承认自己犯了法。
After losing this decisive battle, the general was forced to concede. 输掉了这场决定性的战役后，那位将军不得不承认失败。
Injury forced Hicks to concede defeat. 由于伤病，希克斯被迫认输。
Reiner, 56, has all but conceded the race to his rival. 56岁的赖纳在比赛中几乎已经向对手认输了。
Alain Prost finished third and virtually conceded the world championship. 阿兰·普罗斯特以第三名的成绩结束比赛，实际上已经将世界冠军的位置拱手让人。
Airtours conceded defeat in its attempt to take control of holiday industry rival Owners Abroad. 空中旅游公司承认其对度假服务行业竞争对手海外业主旅行社的控股企图以失败告终。
He happily conceded the election. 他欣然接受了选举的失败。
vt. ~ sth (to sb) 
The President was obliged to concede power to the army. 总统被迫把权力让给军队。
Women were only conceded full voting rights in the 1950s. 妇女在20世纪50年代才被容许完全享有选举权。
The government conceded the right to establish independent trade unions. 政府承认建立独立工会的权利。
Facing total defeat in Vietnam, the French subsequently conceded full independence to Laos. 法国人在越南面临彻底的失败后，接着又让老挝取得了完全的独立。
A strike by some ten thousand bank employees has ended after the government conceded some of their demands. 政府答应了他们的一些要求后，大约有一万名银行员工参加的罢工结束了。
The firm should concede a significant salary increase to its employees. 公司应该做出让步，给员工大幅度提高工资。
They conceded four goals to Leeds United. 他们被利兹联队攻进4个球。
England conceded a goal immediately after half-time. 英格兰队在下半场一开始就被攻入一球。
Luton conceded a free kick on the edge of the penalty area. 卢顿未能在罚球区的边缘截住对方的任意球。

n. [U]（继续做难事的）勇气、决心、毅力:
n. [U] 非常小的沙粒或石子:
vt. 在结冰的路上撒沙砾、撒盐、撒沙子:
grit |[grɪt]
You've got to admire her grit. 你不得不佩服她的勇气。
Don't give in yet. You have more grit than that. 别放弃，你能坚持下去。
The team showed their true grit and played a magnificent game. 这支球队显示出顽强的毅力，打了一场精彩的比赛。          
I had a piece of grit in my eye. 我眼睛里进了一粒沙子。
He felt tiny bits of grit and sand peppering his knees. 他感到细小的沙砾不断打在膝盖上。
They were spreading grit and salt on the icy roads. 他们在结冰的路上撒沙子和盐。

If you elevate something, you raise it higher. 举起; 抬高
To elevate something means to increase it in amount or intensity. 提高
If you elevate something to a higher status, you consider it to be better or more important than it really is. 抬高 (地位)
elevation 提拔
When someone or something achieves a more important rank or status, you can say that they are elevated to it. 提拔
elevate |英 ['elɪveɪt]  美 ['ɛlɪvet]| vt. 提升；举起；振奋情绪等；提升…的职位/
I built a platform to elevate the bed.我搭了一个台子把床抬高了。
A few times a day, elevate feet above heart level.一天几次把脚抬到高过心脏的位置。
Emotional stress can elevate blood pressure.情绪紧张会使血压升高。
Don't elevate your superiors to superstar status.不要把你的上级抬高到超级明星的地位。
The elevation of the assistant coach to the head coaching position within only 9 months was a surprise.这位助理教练仅仅在9个月内就被提拔到总教练的位置是件令人惊讶的事。
He was elevated to the post of president.他被提拔到总裁的职位。


n. [sing.] the horizon可指地平线:
n. [C, usually pl.] （欲望、知识或兴趣的）范围，眼界:
horizon |[həˈraɪzn]
The sun sank below the horizon. 太阳落到了地平线下。
A ship appeared on the horizon. 一艘船出现在地平线上。
northern horizon 北方的地平线 
The sea stretched away to the distant/far horizon . 海平面伸到遥远的天际。
The captain scanned the horizon for any sign of other vessels. 船长仔细眺望海天相接处看是否有其他船只的踪影。
I watched the pale sun climb over the horizon. 我注视着苍白的太阳爬上地平线。
Land was still out of sight beyond the horizon. 天际之外仍然看不见陆地的踪影。
A cloud of dust on the horizon announced the arrival of the cavalry. 天边扬起的尘土宣告骑兵的到来。
The moon was rising over the horizon. 月亮从地平线上冉冉升起。
She wanted to travel to broaden her horizons. 她想旅行，以开阔眼界。
The company needs new horizons now. 公司现在需要开拓新的领域。
As your horizons expand, these new ideas can give a whole new meaning to life. 随着眼界不断开阔，这些新观念会为生活赋予全新的意义。
By embracing other cultures and genres, we actually broaden our horizons, rather than narrow any existing ones. 通过接纳其他文化和体裁，我们实际上拓宽了领域，而不是让现有的范围变得狭窄。
cultural, intellectual, musical, political horizon 文化视野；知识视野；音乐视野；政治视野 
Her trips to Asia have broadened her cultural horizons. 亚洲之行开阔了她的文化视野。
It is hoped that the course will open up new horizons for students. 这门课程的目的是为学生开拓新的视野。
Their horizons were limited to events within the town community. 他们的眼界只局限于本镇的事情。
His horizons didn't stretch beyond his next game. 他的心思里只有下一场比赛。
They had become aware of possibilities beyond their own limited horizons. 他们已经开始意识到还有他们想象以外的一些可能性。

vi.（时间）非常缓慢地推移:
n. [sing.] 非常缓慢的速度:
vi.（用手和膝盖来）爬行、匍匐行进:
vi.（昆虫）爬行:
vi. 非常缓慢地行进；艰难行进:
n. [sing.] 非常缓慢的速度:
vi. 事态（在艰难的处境中）缓慢而艰难地发展:
vi.（一个地方）挤满人或爬满动物:
vi. ~ (to sb) [非正式，贬] 对权贵谄媚、巴结、拍马屁（尤指为了从中获得好处）:
n. [sing, U]（通常用the crawl）自由泳:
crawl |[krɔ:l]
The weeks crawled by. 几个星期慢慢地过去了。
The traffic slowed to a crawl. 来往的车辆放缓速度慢慢前行。
I began to crawl on my hands and knees towards the door. 我开始手脚并用朝门口爬去。
Our baby is just starting to crawl. 我们的宝宝刚开始会爬。
A man was crawling away from the burning wreckage. 一个男人正从燃烧着的残骸往外爬。
As night fell, we managed to crawl back to our lines. 夜幕降临时，我们设法爬回了我们的防线。
We spent an hour crawling around on our hands and knees looking for the key. 我们趴在地上找了一个小时的钥匙。
There's a spider crawling up your leg. 有只蜘蛛正顺着你的腿往上爬。
I watched the moth crawl up the outside of the lampshade. 我看着飞蛾爬到灯罩外面。
The traffic was crawling along. 来往车辆缓缓而行。
I crawled out of bed at nine-thirty. 我9点半才勉强从床上爬起来。
The traffic slowed to a crawl. 来往的车辆放缓速度慢慢前行。
They had not foreseen the higher inflation in France when most of Western Europe was crawling out of recession. 当西欧的大多数国家正从经济衰退中缓慢复苏时，他们并没有预见到法国的通货膨胀率会升高。
This place is crawling with police. 这个地方全是警察。
rock-hard earth littered with rubbish and crawling with vermin 丢满垃圾、爬满虫子的坚硬土地           
She's always crawling to the boss. 她对老板总是谄媚奉承。
a swimmer doing the crawl 游自由泳的运动员

~ (A and B) (together)（使）（声音、气味、色彩等）混合、混杂；（使）（感情）交织:
vi.（尤指在社交场合）混迹于众人之中并与他们交谈，如应酬、交际。相当于circulate:
mingle |[ˈmɪŋgl]
vt.&vi. ~ (A) (with B) 
The sounds of laughter and singing mingled in the evening air. 笑声和歌声交织在夜空中。
Now the cheers and applause mingled in a single sustained roar. 现在，欢呼声和掌声汇成了一片持续的喧闹声。
The flowers mingle together to form a blaze of colour. 鲜花锦簇，色彩绚烂。
Her tears mingled with the blood on her face. 她的泪水和脸上的血混在了一起。
He felt a kind of happiness mingled with regret. 他感到既高兴又遗憾。
She felt fear mingled with excitement. 她又恐惧又激动。
Foreboding mingled with his excitement. 他在兴奋的同时又夹杂着一种不祥的预感。
a lot of emotions all mingled together 交织在一起的多种感情
The princess was not recognized and mingled freely with the crowds. 公主没有被人认出，随意混杂在人群之中。
If you'll excuse me, I must go and mingle (= talk to other guests). 对不起，我得去和其他客人聊聊。
Go out of your way to mingle with others at the wedding. 去跟婚礼上的其他人聊聊。
Guests ate and mingled. 客人们边用餐边攀谈。

adj. 大量的:
adj. 价值巨大的:
adj. [常用于名词前] [正式] 大而坚固的；建造得结实坚固的:
adj. 相当重要的:
substantial |[səbˈstænʃl]
Substantial numbers of people support the reforms. 相当多的人支持这些改革措施。
The party has just lost office and with it a substantial number of seats. 该党刚刚竞选失利，同时还失去了许多席位。
He ate a substantial breakfast. 他吃了一顿丰盛的早餐。
substantial sums of money 大笔大笔的钱
a substantial house 结实的房子
a substantial change 重大变化 
That is a very substantial improvement in the present situation. 在当前形势下这是一个非常巨大的进步。        

Marginal activities, costs, or taxes are not the main part of a business or an economic system, but often make the difference between its success or failure, and are therefore important to control. 边际的
If you describe people as marginal, you mean that they are not involved in the main events or developments in society because they are poor or have no power. 无足轻重的
If you describe something as marginal, you mean that it is small or not very important. 微小的
marginal |英 ['mɑːdʒɪn(ə)l]  美 ['mɑrdʒɪnl]| adj. 边缘的；临界的；末端的/
The analysts applaud the cuts in marginal businesses, but insist the company must make deeper sacrifices.分析家们赞同对边际业务的削减，但坚持认为公司必须作出更大牺牲。
The tribunals were established for the well-integrated members of society and not for marginal individuals.这个特别法庭是为社会中的主流人群设立的，而不是为了无足轻重的小人物。
This is a marginal improvement on October.这是对10月份的一个小小的改进。


vt. 认为某事在未来会发生；在某事发生之前就知道。即预见、预测、预料、预知，相当于predict:
foresee |[fɔ:'si:]
No one could have foreseen (that) things would turn out this way. 谁都没有料到事情的结果会这样。
It is impossible to foresee the future. 预见未来是不可能的。

vt.＆vi. [正式] 常用被动式，变脏，或被沾上污垢；使变脏，使…沾上污垢:
n. [U, C]（在地球表层，植物所赖于生长的）土壤，是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
n. [C] [文学] 一个国家，一片土地。实际是以土地代表国家，与land一样，也是情感和文学意义上的国家，只是不太如land常用:
soil |[sɒɪl]
soiled windows 脏了的窗户 
to soil my hands（比喻用法）脏了我的手
fertile, good, rich soil 肥沃的土壤 
heavy soil 黏重土壤 
damp soil 湿土 
acid soil 酸性土（壤）
sandy soil 沙质土 
forest, garden soil 森林土壤；园林土壤 
soil conservation 土壤保护 
soil moisture 土壤湿度 
soil type 土壤类型
the Chinese soil 中国大地（或华夏大地）
native soil 故土 
foreign soil 异国 
to set foot on Canadian soil 踏上加拿大的土地 
on home soil（体育用语，尤英）在主场 
England’s first defeat on home soil 英格兰队在主场的首次失利

adj. 使人非常震惊的，即骇人听闻的，可怕的，相当于terrible。不太常用:
adj. [非正式] 用于强调某事物（尤用于强调有大量或许多某事物的）:
adv. [尤美，非正式] 非常，极其:
adj. [非正式] 非常糟糕或非常令人不悦（即讨厌）的:
awful |['ɔ:fl]
the awful horrors of war 骇人听闻的战争恐怖
I had an awful job persuading him to come.（英）说服他来真是费劲死了。
an awful lot of money 非常多的钱 
an awful lot of room 很多的空间 
I feel an awful lot better than I did yesterday. 我觉得身体比昨天好多了。
Clint is awful smart. 克林特机灵极了。
That’s an awful colour. 那个颜色很难看。
The fish tasted awful. 这鱼难吃。
an awful book 糟糕的书 
She’s the most awful snob. 她是那种最讨厌的势利小人。

n. [C] 一些人为保持健康或美丽而遵循的一套饮食、锻炼或健美规则，如养生法，相当于regimen:
n. [C]（机构、公司、经济等的）组织方式或管理制度:
n. [C]（尤指未通过公正选举而产生，因此非民主且统治手段不被认可的）统治方式或制度，即政权、政体（有一种批评意味）:
regime |[reɪˈʒi:m]
exercise, fitness, health, training 锻炼规则；健身规则；训练规则 
dietary regime 饮食规则 
drug, treatment regime 药物疗法；治疗方法 
A strict regime of exercise was imposed on the children. 在孩子当中强制推行了一项严格的锻炼规则。
He suggested to me that I follow his fitness regime. 他建议我学习他的健身方法。
He has a new fitness regime to strengthen his back. 他有一个增强背部力量的新健身计划。
economic, financial, fiscal, legal, monetary, regulatory regime 经济制度；金融制度；财政制度；法律制度；货币制度；规章制度 
a financial regime imposed by the government 政府实施的金融制度 
tax, trade, trading regime 税务体制；贸易体制 
safety regime（尤英）安全体系 
the company's outstanding safety regime 该公司出色的安全体系 
a challenge to the global nuclear non-proliferation regime 对全球核不扩散制度的挑战 
the UN-enforced sanctions regime 联合国实施的制裁制度 
It will be necessary to create a regime to monitor compliance with the agreements. 有必要建立一个机制来监督协议的遵守其情况。
Under the new regime you will be liable for automatic penalties for late submission of tax returns. 在新规定下，迟交纳税申报单必会受到处罚。
the new regime for accounting for charities 针对慈善机构账目处理的新制度 
The authorities moved him to the less rigid regime of an open prison. 当局把他转到一个管制不那么严格的开放式监狱。
a drastic regime of economic reform and financial discipline 雷厉风行的经济改革和财经纪律
Crowds celebrated the downfall of the old regime. 成群的人们欢庆旧政权的垮台。
An interim government was elected to replace the ousted regime. 选出了一个临时政府以取代被赶下台的政权。
political regime 政权 
conservative, liberal, radical regime 保守的政权；开明的政权；激进的政权 
authoritarian, autocratic, despotic, dictatorial, fundamentalist, totalitarian, tyrannical, undemocratic regime 独裁政权；专制政权；集权主义政权；原教旨主义政权 
dictatorships and autocratic regimes 独裁与专制政权 
The tyrannical regime violently repressed any opposition. 这个独裁政权用暴力镇压任何反抗。
brutal, hard-line, harsh, murderous, oppressive, repressive regime 残暴的政权；强硬的政权；凶残的政权；压迫民众的政权；实行高压政策的政权 
corrupt regime 腐败的政权 
hostile regime 怀有敌意的政权 
outlaw, rogue regime 非法的政权；胡作非为的政权 
democratic, fascist, nationalist regime 民主政权；法西斯政权；民族主义政权 
constitutional, parliamentary regime 立宪政权；议会制度 
revolutionary regime 革命政权 
military regime 军事政权 
colonial regime 殖民政权 
secular, theocratic regime 世俗政权；神权政权（或称政教合一的政权）
puppet regime 傀儡政权 
In 1940 a puppet regime was established by the invaders. 侵略者与1940年建立了一个傀儡政权。
the day he and his regime are removed from power 他和他的政权被赶下台的那天 
Education was seen as a way of bolstering the existing regime. 教育被认为是巩固现政权的一种方式。
a military regime headed by the general 以将军为首的军事政权 
The regime came to power in 1975. 该政权与1975年上台执政。
These regimes pose a grave and growing danger. 这些政权构成日益严重的威胁。
the real war aim of regime change 改变政权的真实战争目的 
She called for sanctions against the regime. 她呼吁制裁该政权。
He spoke of the abhorrent crimes that had been committed under the regime. 他说起那个政权曾犯下的种种可憎的暴行。
a military regime under Franco 佛朗哥统治下的军事政权 
Pujol was imprisoned and tortured under the Franco regime. 普约尔在佛朗哥政权统治时期受到了监禁和折磨。

of or like God or a god:oforlikeGodoragod
devoted to God, sacred:
very pleasing, delightful:非常愉快，令人愉快
a cleric or theologian.:神职人员或神学家。
providence or God.:providence或上帝。
discover (something) by guesswork or intuition:通过猜测或直觉发现（某事）
have supernatural or magical insight into (future events):对（未来事件）有超自然或神奇的洞察力
discover (water) by dowsing:discover(water)bydowsing
divine |dɪˈvʌɪn| Adjective/Noun/Verb/:神圣的,神性
heroes with divine powers:拥有神力的英雄
divine liturgy:神圣礼仪
he had the most divine smile:他拥有最神圣的笑容
mum had divined my state of mind:mum猜到了我的心态
frauds who claimed to divine the future in chickens' entrails:frauds声称在鸡内脏中占卜未来
he showed him how to divine water:他教他如何占卜水

vt. [正式] 开始拥有某种品质或外观，即呈现出（外观或品质），相当于take on:
vt. 假设性地认为:
vt. [正式] 承担（责任）。此时一般可换为bear:
vt. 假设，假定，即未经证明而认为。比suppose更专门地表示采取不确定的态度，以检验一项假设:
vt. [正式] 假装有某种感情或品质，相当于put on:
vt. [正式] 开始拥有（权力），取得（权力），相当于take:
assume |[ə'sju:m]
This matter has assumed considerable importance. 这件事看来相当重要。
In the story the god assumes the form of an eagle. 在这个故事中神以鹰的形象出现。
It is reasonable to assume (that) the economy will continue to improve. 认为经济将继续好转是有道理的。
She would, he assumed, be home at the usual time. 他认为，她会在通常时间回到家的。
It is generally assumed that stress is caused by too much work. 普遍认为，紧张是工作过重所致。
I had assumed him to be a Belgian. 我本以为他是比利时人。
I automatically assumed that you knew about this. 我想当然地认为你知道这件事。
I think we can safely assume that this situation will continue. 我想我们可以有把握地认为这种情况将持续下去。
It is generally assumed that they were lovers. 大家普遍认为他俩是恋人。
The court assumed responsibility for the girl’s welfare. 法庭承担了保障这个女孩福利的责任。
Let us assume for a moment that the plan succeeds. 咱们暂时假设计划成功。
In this example we have assumed a unit price of $10. 在这个例子中我们已假定单价为10美元。
Don’t always assume the worst. 别总往最坏处想。
He assumed an air of concern. 他装出关心的样子。
Rebel forces have assumed control of the capital. 叛军已控制了首都。

n. 1 [U, C]（也可用Easter Day或Easter Sunday）复活节（纪念耶稣复活，在三月或四月的一个星期日）:
2 [U, C]（也可用Eastertime）复活节期间的一段时间（包括复活节当天，也包括与其临近的若干天）:
Easter |['i:stə]
“Happy Easter,” he yelled.“复活节快乐，”他喊道。
Easter is early this year. 今年复活节较早。
Easter egg 复活节彩蛋 
the Easter holidays 复活节假期

vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (into sth) 彻底毁掉某事物（尤指感情、希望、信仰等）；或以此方式被彻底毁掉:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (into sth) 突然破碎成小块；使某事物突然破碎成小块:
vt. 使某人极为震惊和难过，即给某人极大的精神打击:
shatter |[ˈʃætə(r)]
Anna's self-confidence had been completely shattered. 安娜的自信心彻底崩溃了。
Something like that really shatters your confidence. 那样的事情会让人的信心严重受挫。
A failure would shatter the hopes of many people. 一次失败会使很多人希望破灭。
Her experience of divorce shattered her illusions about love. 她的离婚经历使她对爱情的幻想破灭了。
My whole world shattered into a million pieces. 我的整个世界全塌了。
an event that completely shattered her life 彻底毁了她一生的一件事 
The moment was abruptly shattered by the sound of Mia's loud voice. 那一刻突然被米娅的一声大叫给搅了。           
He dropped the vase and it shattered into pieces on the floor. 他失手把花瓶掉到地板上摔碎了。
the sound of shattering glass 玻璃破碎的声音 
The explosion shattered all the windows in the building. 大楼所有的玻璃都在爆炸中震碎了。
safety glass that won't shatter if it's broken 被打破后也不会碎裂的安全玻璃 
The car shattered into a thousand burning pieces in a 200mph crash. 汽车在时速为200英里时发生撞车，炸成了数以千计燃烧的碎片。
He had been shattered by his son's death. 儿子的死让他大受打击。
the tragedy which had shattered his life 给他的生活造成重创的悲剧

ask for information from someone:向某人询问信息
ask about the health and well-being of (someone):询问（某人）的健康和福祉
ask to see or speak to (someone):要求见（某人）或与（某人）交谈
investigate; look into:调查；调查
inquire |ɪnˈkwʌɪə| Verb/:查询,询问
Annie inquired after her parents:Annie问候她的父母
that was Paul inquiring for you—I told him he couldn't come in:那是保罗替你打听——我告诉他他不能进来
the task of political sociology is to inquire into the causes of political events:政治社会学的任务是探究政治事件的起因

An annuity is an investment or insurance policy that pays someone a fixed sum of money each year. 年金
annuity |英 [ə'njuːɪtɪ]  美 [ə'nuəti]| n. 年金，养老金；年金保险；年金享受权/
He received a paltry annuity of $100.他收到了微不足道的100美元年金。


adj. 只顾自己的、见利忘义的:
adj. 认为世人皆自私的、愤世嫉俗的:
adj.（对成功或人的真善）怀疑的、悲观的:
cynical |[ˈsɪnɪkl]
a cynical disregard for the safety of others 只顾自己不顾他人安危 
a deliberate and cynical foul 存心恶意犯规          
cynical view, cynical smile 愤世嫉俗的观点；讥笑 
his cynical view of the world. 他那愤世嫉俗的世界观 
I hope I don't sound unduly cynical. 我希望自己的口气听起来并不那么愤世嫉俗。
his deeply cynical attitude 他极端愤世嫉俗的态度
I'm a bit cynical about the benefits of the plan. 我对这项计划的成效有点儿怀疑。
It's hard not to be cynical about reform. 很难相信改革会成功。
I'm a little cynical about her motives. 我有点儿怀疑她的动机。
It has also made me more cynical about relationships. 这也使得我愈加不相信爱情。

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sth (to sth) [正式] 把某事物附上（到另一个事物上）:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sth (to sth) [正式] 把某事物粘上、贴上、附上（到另一个事物上）:
n. [C] [语法] 词缀（包括前缀和后缀，例如unhappy中的un-和careless中的-less都是词缀）:
affix |[əˈfɪks]
I covered the scroll in sealing wax, and affixed a red ribbon. 我用封蜡将卷轴封好，并系上一根红丝带。
The label should be firmly affixed to the package. 这张标签应该牢牢地贴在包裹上。
Complete the form and affix four tokens to its back. 填完该表，在背面贴上4张凭券。
I covered the scroll in sealing wax, and affixed a red ribbon. 我用封蜡将卷轴封好，并系上一根红丝带。

vt. ~ sth (into sth) 将一篇文章、一段描述等进行压缩，使其变得更简短:
vt. ~ sth (into sth) 压缩时间:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (into sth)（被）压缩到一起；（被）压缩到一个小空间里:
vt. [计算机] 压缩文件等:
n. [C] 止血、缓解疼痛、退烧等所用的一块湿布或干布:
compress |[kəmˈpres]
He never understood how to organize or compress large masses of material. 他从来就不懂如何对大篇的材料进行整理或精简。
All those three books are compacted and compressed into one book. 那三本书的内容全都压缩进一本书了。
The four debates will be compressed into an unprecedentedly short eight-day period. 这4场辩论将被压缩到短短8天的时间，这是前所未有的。
Some courses such as engineering had to be compressed. 有些课程，比如工程学，必须减少课时。
compressed air, compressed gas 压缩空气；压缩气体 
Air will compress but the brake fluid won't. 空气会压缩，但是刹车油不会。
Poor posture, sitting or walking slouched over, compresses the body's organs. 坐着或者走路的时候低头垂肩，这种不正确的姿势会压迫体内的器官。
Her lips compressed into a thin line. 她的双唇抿成了一道缝。
Sore throats may be relieved by cold compresses. 喉咙痛用冷敷布敷一下可能会好一些。           

n. [C] on/to the ~ of sth/of doing sth 极其接近于某个状态，如即将、接近于、濒于:
vi. ~ on sth 极接近于一种极端状态或条件:
n. [C] [英] 道路等边缘的狭窄草地（通常长满了草和花）:
verge |[vɜ:dʒ;美vɜ:rdʒ]
He was on the verge of tears. 他差点儿哭了出来。
She was on the verge of a nervous breakdown when she finally sought help. 她最终求助时已经濒临崩溃。
The company is teetering on the verge of bankruptcy. 公司濒于破产。
This action brought the country to the verge of economic collapse. 此举使该国经济濒于崩溃。
These animals are now on the verge of extinction. 这些动物正濒临灭绝。
on the verge of hysteria 处于歇斯底里的边缘 
on the verge of ruin 濒于毁灭 
He gave a broad hint that he was on the verge of leaving. 他明确表示他即将离开。
They are on the verge of signing a new contract. 他们即将签订一份新的合同。
The country was on the verge of becoming prosperous and successful. 这个国家即将走向繁荣富强。
Some of his suggestions verged on the outrageous. 他的一些建议都快到了荒唐的地步。
grass verge 长了草的路边 
motorway, roadside verge 高速公路的植草路边；路边绿地 
The vehicle crossed white lines and mounted a verge before being stopped by police. 汽车越过白线冲进路边绿地，这才被警察拦住。

Sustenance is food or drink which a person, animal, or plant needs to remain alive and healthy. 食物
sustenance |英 ['sʌst(ə)nəns; -tɪn-]  美 ['sʌstənəns]| n. 食物；生计；支持/
The state provided a basic quantity of food for daily sustenance, but little else.国家提供基本的日常食物供应，仅此而已。


vt. 贬低或轻视某人或某事物:
vt.&vi.（使）…减少:
vt.&vi.（使）减弱等:
diminish |[dɪˈmɪnɪʃ]
I don't wish to diminish the importance of their contribution. 我并不想贬低他们所作贡献的重要性。
He never put her down or diminished her. 他从未奚落或贬低过她。
He could no longer cope; he relied on me, and felt diminished by it. 他再也无法承受，他依赖我，却因此觉得是受了轻贱。
to diminish proportion, to diminish in size 减小比例；减小尺寸 
number diminish 数字减低 
The world's resources are rapidly diminishing. 世界资源正在迅速减少。
Our efforts were producing diminishing returns (= we achieved less although we spent more time or money). 我们不断投入，收益却在递减。
A stable currency means that your savings do not diminish in value. 稳定的货币意味着你的存款不会贬值。           
to diminish importance, to diminish impact, to diminish usefulness, to diminish prospect, to diminish reputation, to diminish stature 减弱重要性；减弱影响力；减弱实用性；减弱前景；减弱声誉；减弱声望 
hysteria diminish, likelihood diminish 歇斯底里减弱；相似性减弱 
His influence has diminished with time. 随着时间的推移，他的影响已不如从前了。
The threat of nuclear war has diminished. 核战争的威胁已经减弱了。
Federalism is intended to diminish the power of the central state. 联邦制旨在削弱中央政府的权力。          
