spark							火花，闪现，引发
establish						创立，证实
dim						昏暗的，模糊的，变暗，减退
lodge							门房，正式提出，寄宿，存放
rendezvous				约会
martyr				烈士，折磨
confront							面对
neat							整齐的，简洁的，极好的，匀称的，纯的
rectangle								长方形
transgress				违反，侵犯
verdict				裁决，结论
evacuate				撤出，抽空
remorse				懊悔
caution								小心
subordinate					次要的，下属，使...服从
chin					下巴
live							过，居住，生活，现场的
global				全球的，全面的
revive					使复元，振兴
pesticide				杀虫剂
create						创造，引起，发脾气
gloss				光泽，虚饰
entreat			恳求
detain			耽搁，拘留，住院
tidy							整洁的，相当大的，容器
eloquent					雄辩的，传神达意的
attend						参加，伴随，照料，出席，注意
postage					邮费
postpone					推迟
crisp					松脆的，清新的，炸
\\\\\\\\

n. [C, usually pl.] 人们之间的愤怒的情感:
n. 1 [U, sing.]（使某人非常聪明、幽默的）激情:
2 [C, usually pl.] 人们之间的激动的情感:
n. [C, usually sing.] ~ of sth 一丁点儿品质或感情:
vt. ~ sth (off) 引起或触发某事（使其发生或发展），尤指突然引起:
n. [C] 引起重要事情（尤指麻烦或暴力）的一个行动或事件，即诱因、导火线:
n. [C] 电流引起的电火花:
vi. 产生电火花:
n. [U, sing.]（使某人非常聪明、幽默的）生气；活力；才智:
vi. 产生火花或电火花:
n. 1 [C] 燃烧或撞击出的金属火花、火星子:
2 [C] 电流引起的电火花:
spark |[spɑ:k;美spɑ:rk]
His remarks drew sparks from her. 他的话勾起了她的怒火。
As a writer he seemed to lack creative spark. 作为作家，他似乎缺少创作激情。
Sparks flew at the meeting (= there was a lot of argument). 会上争论激烈，火星四溅。
Her eyes shot sparks of contempt. 她的眼里满是蔑视。
a spark of hope 一线希望 
a spark of life 一线生机 
He felt a tiny spark of excitement. 他感到一丝兴奋。
He had kindled a spark of interest within her. 他使她产生了一点儿兴趣。
She felt a little spark of anger. 她感到有点儿愤怒。
A tiny spark of rebellion flared within her. 一星反叛的小火花在她心中闪了一下。
The proposals are expected to spark heated debate. 这些提议估计会引起激烈的争论。
The proposal would spark a storm of protest around the country. 这一提案将引发全国性的抗议浪潮。
The riots were sparked off by the arrest of a local leader. 骚乱是因逮捕一名当地领导人而触发的。
What was it that sparked your interest in motoring? 是什么让你对开车产生了兴趣？
A dropped cigarette may have sparked the fire. 可能是丢弃的烟头导致了这场大火。
the sparks of revolution 革命的导火线
sparks from a faulty light switch 漏电的电灯开关发出的火花 
A spark ignites the fuel in a car engine. 汽车发动机中的燃料由火花点燃。
He passed an electric spark through a mixture of gases. 他让一束电火花穿过了一团混合气体。
The wires were sparking. 电线冒着火花。
As a writer he seemed to lack creative spark. 作为作家，他似乎缺少创作激情。
a spark of originality 一点儿原创性 
divine spark 神力的火花 
Her performance added a little spark to the movie. 她的表演令影片增色。
His music lacked that vital spark of imagination. 他的音乐缺少非常关键的那一点想象力。
a sparking, crackling fire 噼啪直响、火星飞迸的火 
The wires were sparking. 电线冒着火花。
I stared into the flames of the fire as it sparked to life. 火光在闪烁，我注视着熊熊燃烧的烈焰。
The game suddenly sparked to life.（比喻用法）比赛突然变得激烈起来。
The grinding wheel sent a shower of sparks across the workbench. 砂轮迸出的火花直落到工作台的另一端。
The fire gradually got bigger and bigger. Sparks flew off in all directions. 火越燃越烈，火星四溅。
A shower of sparks flew up the chimney. 烟囱里飞出无数火星。
Flying sparks set fire to the dry grass. 飞舞的火花把干草点燃了。
The firework showered sparks all over the lawn. 草坪上到处是烟花撒落的火星。
We were all showered with sparks. 我们身上落满了火星。
a spark of light 一星闪光 
sparks from a faulty light switch 漏电的电灯开关发出的火花 
A spark ignites the fuel in a car engine. 汽车发动机中的燃料由火花点燃。
He passed an electric spark through a mixture of gases. 他让一束电火花穿过了一团混合气体。

vt. 建立、创建（一个组织机构、一种制度等）:
vt. 与其他人、群体或国家建立关系（尤指正式关系）:
vt. ~ sb/sth/yourself (in sth) (as sth) 确立（地位、声誉）、站稳脚跟（使别人接受你并尊敬你）:
vt. 发现或证明一种情况的事实，如查实、证实、确定:
establish |[ɪˈstæblɪʃ]
The committee was established in 1912. 这个委员会创立于1912年。
The League was formally established in 1920. 该联盟正式成立于1920年。
He was appointed to the newly established Department of the Environment. 他被派到新成立的环境部门工作。
The School was established in 1989 by an Italian professor. 这所学院由一名意大利教授于1989年创建。
The new treaty establishes a free trade zone. 新条约设立了自由贸易区。
The Internet was originally established by scientists to share information. 最初科学家创立互联网是为了共享信息。
The UN has established detailed criteria for who should be allowed to vote. 联合国已经制定了有关投票资格的标准细则。
The school has established a successful relationship with the local community. 这所学校与当地社区建立了良好的关系。
We had already established contact with the museum. 我们已经和那家博物馆建立了联系。
The two countries agreed to establish full diplomatic relations. 两国同意确立全面的外加关系。
His position in the organization is now firmly established. 他在组织中的地位现已牢固确立了。
He has established himself as a pivotal figure in US politics. 他已经确立了自己在美国政界的核心地位。
The exhibition helped her establish herself as an artist. 这次展览有助于确立她作为画家的地位。
He has now established his reputation as a popular musician. 他现在已经成为广受欢迎的音乐家。
By then she was established as a star. 那时她作为明星的地位已经确立。
This is going to be the show where up-and-coming comedians will establish themselves. 这将是大有前途的喜剧演员们让自己获得认可的节目。
He has just set up his own business but it will take him a while to get established. 他刚建立起自己的公司，但要站稳脚跟还得花上一段时间。
We have now clearly established ourselves as the leader in the market. 我们现已明显确立了自己在市场中的领导地位。
It was this campaign that established the paper's reputation. 正是这场运动确立了这家报纸的声誉。
By the 7th century Buddhism was fully established in Japan. 到7世纪，佛教在日本的地位已经确立起来了。
The festival has become established as one of the town's annual events. 这个节日已被确立为该镇的年度盛事之一。
Traditions get established over time. 传统是随着时间的推移而得到认可的。
We have successfully established clear rules that most students accept. 我们成功制定了为大多数学生所接受的明确规定。
a previously established formula 先前确立的方案
The effectiveness of the new drug has not yet been scientifically established. 这种新药的有效性尚未得到科学证实。
Police are still trying to establish the cause of the accident. 警方仍在努力确定事故的原因。
to establish the identity of the dead man 确认死者的身份 
They have established that his injuries were caused by a fall. 他们已经证实他是摔伤的。
We need to establish where she was at the time of the shooting. 我们需要查实枪击发生时她在何处。
It has since been established that the horse was drugged. 此后便证实马被注射了麻醉药。
Medical tests established that she was not their own child. 医学化验证实她不是他们的亲骨肉。
It will be essential to establish how the money is being spent. 查清楚这笔钱将作何用途至关重要。

adj. 形势或前景让人看不到希望的、不明朗的、不乐观的:
vt.&vi.（使）前景、希望等变渺茫:
adj. 1 光线不明亮的，如昏暗的、暗淡的、微弱的:
2 地方不明亮的、昏暗的:
3（人或物体的）形状因光线不充足而看不清的，如朦胧的、模糊的:
4 眼睛看不清的、视力差的、视力模糊的:
vt.&vi.（使）光线变昏暗:
vt.&vi. 将汽车前灯调为近光；使减光:
vt.&vi.（使）视力变差、使视力变模糊:
vt.&vi.（使）感觉、感情或品质减弱:
adj. [非正式，尤英] 人不聪明的，如愚笨的、迟钝的:
adj. 记忆、理解或想象模糊的:
adj. 1（人或物体的）形状因光线不充足而看不清的，如朦胧的、模糊的:
2 眼睛看不清的、视力差的、视力模糊的:
vt.&vi.（使）视力变差、使视力变模糊:
vt.&vi.（使）记忆变模糊:
dim |[dɪm]
Her future career prospects look dim. 她的前程看来很暗淡。
The prospects for a peaceful solution are dim. 和平解决的希望非常渺茫。
Their economic prospects have dimmed. 他们的经济前景变得很暗淡。
the dim glow of the fire in the grate 壁炉里微弱的火光 
She stood waiting, in the dim light. 她站在昏暗的光线下等待。
Below decks, the lights were dim. 船舱里灯光昏暗。
This light is too dim to read by. 这光线太暗，看不了书。
dim room, dim street 昏暗的房间；昏暗的街道 
The room was dim and cool and quiet. 房间里阴暗、清冷，静悄悄的。
the dim outline of a house in the moonlight 月光下影影绰绰的房子的轮廓 
I could see a dim shape in the doorway. 我模模糊糊看见门口有个人影。
Pete's torch picked out the dim figures of Bob and Chang. 皮特的火把映出了鲍勃和张的模糊身影。
His eyesight is getting dim. 他的视力越来越差。
The lights in the theatre dimmed as the curtain rose. 幕布升起，剧场内的灯光暗了下来。
Dim the lighting – it is unpleasant to lie with a bright light shining in your eyes. 把灯光调暗一些——躺着时眼前灯光太强很不舒服。
The houselights dimmed. 观众席的灯暗了下来。
Dim your lights behind that car. 开到那辆车后面时将前灯调为近光。
Her eyes dimmed with sorrow. 悲痛之下，她泪眼蒙眬。
The twinkle in his eyes was dimmed by tears. 他眼中闪烁的光芒被泪水模糊了。
Her passion for dancing never dimmed over the years. 这些年来她对跳舞的热情一直不减。
Forty eight years of marriage have not dimmed the passion between Bill and Helen. 四十八年的婚姻生活并没消磨掉比尔和海伦之间的激情。
He's very dim. 他很迟钝。
dim memories 模糊的记忆 
She had a dim recollection of the visit. 她依稀记得那次访问。
in the dim and distant past（幽默用法）在遥远模糊的过去         
the dim outline of a house in the moonlight 月光下影影绰绰的房子的轮廓 
I could see a dim shape in the doorway. 我模模糊糊看见门口有个人影。
Pete's torch picked out the dim figures of Bob and Chang. 皮特的火把映出了鲍勃和张的模糊身影。
His eyesight is getting dim. 他的视力越来越差。
Her eyes dimmed with sorrow. 悲痛之下，她泪眼蒙眬。
The twinkle in his eyes was dimmed by tears. 他眼中闪烁的光芒被泪水模糊了。
Their memory of what happened has dimmed. 他们对所发生事情的记忆变得模糊了。
The intervening years had dimmed his memory. 经过了其间那么多年他的记忆已经不大清楚了。

a small house at the gates of a park or in the grounds of a large house, occupied by a gatekeeper, gardener, or other employee.:公园门口或大房子场地内的小房子，由看门人、园丁或其他雇员占据。
a small country house occupied in season for sports such as hunting, shooting, or skiing:一个小型乡间别墅，适合打猎、射击或滑雪等运动
a large house or hotel:一个大房子或酒店
a porter's quarters at the main entrance of a college or other large building.:大学或其他大型建筑正门的搬运工宿舍。
the residence of a head of a college, especially at Cambridge:大学校长的住所，尤其是在剑桥
a North American Indian tent or wigwam.:一个北美印第安人的帐篷或棚屋。
a beaver's den.:海狸窝。
a branch or meeting place of an organization such as the Freemasons:共济会等组织的分支机构或聚会场所
present (a complaint, appeal, claim, etc.) formally to the proper authorities:向有关当局正式提出（投诉、上诉、索赔等）
leave money or a valuable item in (a place) or with (someone) for safekeeping:
make or become firmly fixed or embedded in a place:makeor牢固地固定或嵌入一个地方
rent accommodation in another person's house:租住别人家
provide (someone) with accommodation in return for payment:提供（某人）住宿以换取付款
(of wind or rain) flatten (a standing crop):(风或雨的)压平(站立的庄稼)
lodge |lɒdʒ| Noun/Verb/:小屋,洛奇
a hunting lodge:一个狩猎小屋
Cumberland Lodge:坎伯兰旅馆
he dined at the Master's Lodge:他在Master'sLodge用餐
he has 28 days in which to lodge an appeal:he有28天的时间提出上诉
the money is lodged in a bank:钱存入银行
the man who lodged in the room next door:住在隔壁房间的人
she was lodged in the same hall:她住在同一个大厅

n. 1 [C] ~ (with sb)（常指秘密的）约会，会面，会合:
2 [C] 约定的见面地点:
3 [C]（酒吧等）热门约见场所:
vi. ~ (with sb)（在约定的时间和地点）会面，相会:
rendezvous |[ˈrɒndɪvu:;-deɪ-;美ˈrɑ:n-]（来自法语）
secret rendezvous 秘密会面 
romantic rendezvous 恋人约会 
midnight rendezvous 午夜会面
little rendezvous 短暂的会面 
Although it was late, there was still enough time to keep the rendezvous. 虽然很晚了，但还有足够的时间去赴这个约会。
I had almost decided to keep my rendezvous with Tony. 我差不多已经决定如约和托尼见面了。
She made the rendezvous with only minutes to spare. 她还差几分钟时才来赴约。
The platoon made its way to the prearranged rendezvous point in the desert. 这个排向预先部署好的沙漠中的会合点进发。
I have a rendezvous with Peter at a restaurant. 我约了彼得在一家餐馆见面。
Their rendezvous would be the Penta Hotel at Heathrow Airport. 他们将在希思罗机场的五角饭店碰面。
a lively Paris rendezvous 巴黎一个很热闹的公共场所 
The plan was to rendezvous with him on Sunday afternoon. 计划在周日下午和他会面。
She wondered where they were going to rendezvous afterwards. 她想知道之后他们要去哪里约会。

n. [C] [常贬]（向人诉苦以博取同情的）乞怜者:
n. 1 [C] 宗教的殉道者；有政治信仰的烈士:
2 [C] [常贬]（向人诉苦以博取同情的）乞怜者:
3 [C] ~ to sth [非正式] 因疾病或困难局面而长期受苦者:
vt. [常用被动式] 因宗教或政治信仰而处死某人或使其遭受巨大折磨:
n. [C] 有政治信仰的烈士:
vt. [常用被动式] 因政治信仰而处死某人或使其遭受巨大折磨:
n. [C] 宗教的殉道者:
vt. [常用被动式] 因宗教信仰而处死某人或使其遭受巨大折磨:
martyr |[ˈmɑ:tə(r);美ˈmɑ:rt-]
Stop playing the martyr. 别再扮可怜了。
She responded with anger and played the martyr role. 她做出愤怒的反应，开始大倒苦水。
When are you going to quit acting like a martyr? 你什么时候才能不再摆出一副可怜样？
to make a martyr of yourself 假装自我牺牲以博取他人的同情
the early Christian martyrs 早期基督教殉道者 
a glorious martyr to the cause of freedom/liberty 为自由事业光荣献身的烈士 
Killing him would only make him a martyr. 杀了他只会使他成为烈士。
a martyr's death 殉道者之死；烈士的牺牲 
Stop playing the martyr. 别再扮可怜了。
She responded with anger and played the martyr role. 她做出愤怒的反应，开始大倒苦水。
When are you going to quit acting like a martyr? 你什么时候才能不再摆出一副可怜样？
to make a martyr of yourself 假装自我牺牲以博取他人的同情 
He said that he was a martyr to his back. 他说他深受背痛的折磨。
She's a martyr to her nerves. 她长期忍受神经紧张之苦。
He was a martyr to his sense of honour and responsibility. 他深为自己的荣誉感和责任感所累。
St Pancras was martyred in 304 AD. 圣潘克拉斯于公元304年殉道。
whether its martyred leader is released or not 受难的领袖是否被释放
a glorious martyr to the cause of freedom/liberty 为自由事业光荣献身的烈士 
Killing him would only make him a martyr. 杀了他只会使他成为烈士。
a martyr's death 殉道者之死；烈士的牺牲 
whether its martyred leader is released or not 受难的领袖是否被释放
the early Christian martyrs 早期基督教殉道者 
St Pancras was martyred in 304 AD. 圣潘克拉斯于公元304年殉道。

vt.（问题或困境）降临于…、使面临:
vt. 勇敢地面对、处理、解决（问题或困境）:
vt. 与某人面对、对峙（尤指不友好或危险地对峙）:
vt. 与某人当面对质（或对证）:
vt. ~ sb with sb/sth 使某人面对或对付（令人不快或难处的人、场合）:
vt. be confronted with sth 面对（不得不应对的）某事物:
vt.（问题或困境）降临于…:
confront |[kənˈfrʌnt]
the economic problems confronting the country 这个国家所面临的经济问题 
She was confronted with severe money problems. 她面临严峻的资金问题。
Ministers underestimated the magnitude of the task confronting them. 部长们低估了他们所面临的任务的艰巨性。
The government found itself confronted by massive opposition. 政府发现自己遭到了强烈的反对。
I was suddenly confronted by the task of rewriting the entire book. 重写整部书的任务突然落在了我的身上。
She knew that she had to confront her fears. 她心里明白自己必须克服恐惧心理。
We are learning how to confront death. 我们正在学习如何直面死亡。
NATO countries have been forced to confront fundamental moral questions. 北约国家被迫正视基本的道德问题。
The new state confronted head-on the question of national identity. 这个新州直面国家认同的问题。
He is willing to confront problems directly. 他愿意直面问题。
to confront dilemma 直面困境 
to confront reality 直面现实 
Victims of crime are encouraged to confront their emotions. 罪案受害人受到鼓励去直面自己的感情。
This was the first time he had confronted an armed robber. 这是他第一次面对一个武装劫匪。
She pushed her way through the mob and confronted him face to face. 她挤过骚动的人群，与他当面对峙。
They don't hesitate to open fire when confronted by police. 他们遭遇警察时毫不犹豫地开火。
The demonstrators found themselves confronted by a line of police, blocking the road. 示威者发现他们迎面碰上了一队警察，被拦住了去路。
to confront enemy 与敌人对峙 
She had decided to confront Kathryn with what she had learnt. 她决定拿自己了解的事实与凯瑟琳当面对证。
I could not bring myself to confront him about it. 我不忍心就这事和他对质。
He confronted her with a choice between her career or their relationship. 他要她在事业和他们两人关系之间做出抉择。
Most people when confronted with a horse will pat it. 大多数人遇见马时都会轻轻地拍拍它。
I was confronted with an array of knobs, levers, and switches. 我面对的是一大堆旋钮、控制杆和开关。
These texts constantly confront the reader with their demanding claims. 这些文本常常向读者提出严苛的要求。
I was suddenly confronted by the task of rewriting the entire book. 重写整部书的任务突然落在了我的身上。          

adj. 小的，且拥有宜人的形状或外观的，如小巧玲珑的，相当于trim:
adj. 简单但聪明灵巧的:
adj.（人）做起事来干净利落的:
adj. 1 整洁有序的；仔细执行或排列的:
2（人）喜欢使事物保持整洁有序的；看上去整洁的:
adj. [英] [美用straight]（尤指酒类饮品）未掺水或其他任何东西的，即纯的:
adj. [美，非正式] 好的；极好的:
neat |[ni:t]
her neat figure 她那娇小玲珑的身材
a neat explanation 简明的解释 
a neat solution to the problem 解决这个问题的捷径
Try and be neater! 干净利落点！
neat desk 整洁的课桌 
neat handwriting 工整的笔迹 
neat rows of books 一排排整齐的书 
a neat black suit 整洁的黑色礼服 
a neat and tidy kitchen 干净整洁的厨房 
neat whisky 纯威士忌酒
It’s a really neat movie. 这真是一部极好的电影。
We had a great time--it was pretty neat. 我们玩得很痛快——棒极了。

n. [C] 长方形，矩形:
rectangle |['rektæŋɡl]


transgression
If someone transgresses, they break a moral law or a rule of behaviour. 行为失范
transgress |英 [trænz'gres; trɑːnz-; -ns-]  美 [trænz'ɡrɛs]| vt. 违反；侵犯；犯罪/vi. 违反；违法；越界/
Tales of the candidate's alleged past transgressions have begun springing up.该候选人过去涉嫌不良行为的谣言已经开始出现了。
It seemed to me that he had transgressed the boundaries of good taste.对我来说，他的行为不上档次。
If a politician transgresses, that is not the fault of the media.如果一个政客行为失范，那不是媒体的错。


n. [C] ~ (on sth/sb)（经过检验、调查或认真考虑后的）结论:
n. [C] ~ (on sth/sb)（经过检验、调查或认真考虑后的）决定，意见:
n. [C]（陪审团或法官作出的）裁决、裁定:
verdict |[ˈvɜ:dɪkt;美ˈvɜ:rd-]
The coroner recorded a verdict of accidental death. 验尸官作出了意外死亡的结论。
The doctor's verdict was that he was entirely healthy. 医生的结论是他完全健康。
The critics were too quick to give their verdict on us. 评论家们给我们下定论未免太操之过急了。
The panel will give its final verdict tomorrow. 专家小组明天将给出最后的结论。
The unanimous verdict was that the picnic had been a great success. 大家一致认为这次野餐极为成功。
The panel will give their verdict on the latest video releases. 专题小组将就最近发行的录像提出他们的意见。
Well, what's your verdict? 那么，你有何意见呢？
What's your verdict on her new book? 你如何评价她的新书?   
Has the jury reached a verdict? 陪审团作出裁定了吗？
The jury returned a verdict (= gave a verdict) of guilty. 陪审团作出了有罪的裁决。
In the case of an adverse verdict, the company could lose millions. 如果法庭作出不利的裁决，这家公司有可能损失几百万。
guilty, not guilty, not proven（英）verdict 有罪的裁定；无罪的裁定；证据不足的裁定 
majority（尤英）, unanimous verdict（陪审团根据多数票作出的）多数裁决；一致的裁决 
a unanimous verdict of not guilty 一致通过的无罪裁决 
split verdict（尤美）可分裁断 
The jury returned a formal verdict after direction by the judge. 陪审团得到法官的指示后宣告了正式的裁决。
narrative verdict（英）叙述裁决 
jury, trial verdict 陪审团的裁决；审判裁决 
appeal, inquest（英）verdict 上诉裁决；死因裁定 
manslaughter（尤英）, murder verdict 非预谋杀人罪的裁决；谋杀罪的裁决 
accident, accidental death, misadventure, suicide verdict（均英）事故的裁决；意外死亡的裁决；自杀的裁决 
open verdict（英）死因不明的裁决 
An open verdict was the only appropriate one. 只有作出存疑裁决才恰当。
The judge sent the jury away to consider its verdict. 法官请陪审团退庭商议作出裁决。
They reached a verdict after hours of deliberation. 仔细斟酌多个小时之后他们作出了裁决。
The verdict was delivered in front of a packed courtroom. 在座无虚席的法庭上宣读了裁决。
The coroner recorded a verdict of accidental death. 验尸官判定为意外死亡。
The jury returned a verdict of guilty at the end of the trial. 陪审团在审讯结束时宣告了有罪裁决。
His family always insisted that the original 'guilty' verdict should be overturned. 他的家人一直坚持最初的"有罪"裁决应撤销。
The verdict was upheld at appeal. 上诉的结果是维持原判。
The verdict came in this afternoon.（尤美）裁决结果今天下午出来了。
a verdict of accidental death 意外死亡的裁决 
We believe that the verdict against him was unfair. 我们认为对他的裁决不公平。
the court's verdict 法庭的裁决 
The jury's verdict was unanimous. 陪审团作出的裁决是一致的。

vt.（把人从危险的地方）疏散，转移，撤离:
vt.&vi.（从危险的地方）撤出，搬出，撤空:
vt. [正式] 排空（胃肠）；排泄（粪便）:
evacuate |[ɪˈvækjueɪt]
Police evacuated nearby buildings. 警方已将附近大楼的居民疏散。
Children were evacuated from London to escape the bombing. 为躲避轰炸，孩子们都撤离了伦敦。
They were planning to evacuate the seventy American officials still in the country. 他们正计划转移仍滞留在该国的70名美国官员。
Since 1951, 18,000 people have been evacuated from the area. 自1951年以来，已有18, 000人撤离了该地区。
6 000 soldiers have been medically evacuated since the war began.（medically尤为美式用法）战争爆发以来已有6000名战士被撤离进行治疗。
to provide aircraft to help evacuate refugees 提供飞机帮助疏散难民 
Every police unit has been ordered to evacuate all civilians. 所有警察部队奉命疏散全体平民。
Helicopters were used to evacuate people from their homes. 动用了直升机把人们从居所撤离。
The man has now been safely evacuated to the mainland. 那个人已被安全撤离到大陆。
The fire is threatening about sixty homes, and residents have evacuated the area. 大火正威胁着大约六十户人家，居民已经从该地区撤离。
Employees were urged to evacuate their offices immediately. 已敦促各雇员立即从办公室撤出。
Officials ordered the residents to evacuate. 官员命令居民撤离。
Locals were told to evacuate. 当地居民已得到撤离的通知。

n. [U] ~ (for sth/for doing sth) 极端的后悔、懊悔:
remorse |[rɪˈmɔ:s;美rɪˈmɔ:rs]
deep, genuine, great, real remorse 深深的懊悔；真诚的懊悔；巨大的悔恨；真心的悔恨 
I suffered no remorse. 我一点儿都不后悔。
He died without remorse. 他死而无憾。
He felt some remorse at his behaviour. 他对自己的行为感到有些懊悔。
He has shown no remorse for his actions. 他对自己的行为没有任何悔恨之意。
She was filled with remorse for the crime. 她对犯下的罪行深感懊悔。
She felt a sharp pang of remorse over the incident. 她对这次事件感到一阵深深的自责。
After spending $720 on the shoes, she suffered buyer's remorse.（buyer's remorse 尤为美式用法）花费720美元买鞋后，她开始感到后悔了。
a feeling of remorse 自责感 
tears of remorse 悔恨的泪水 
I felt guilty and full of remorse. 我感到内疚，并且非常懊悔。
He was filled with remorse for not believing her. 他因为没有相信她而懊悔不已。

caution sb about sth 警告或告诫某人（某事物的潜在危险或问题）。此时与warn近似，但远不如warn常用:
vt. 1 [英] 法律领域可指正式警告某人（其所说的任何话都可能在法庭上被当作对其不利的证据）:
2 [英] caution sb (for sth) 常用被动式，法律领域可指正式警告某人（如果其再做错事或非法的事将受到惩罚）:
n. 1 [U, C] [正式] 对潜在危险或风险的一则警告或一条建议:
2 [C] [英] 警察或法官向犯了非严重罪行的人所发出的一则警告:
n. [U] 为避免危险、错误或任何风险而采取的小心、谨慎或慎重的态度:
caution |['kɔ:ʃn]
vt.＆vi. caution (sb) against sth 
Sam cautioned him against making a hasty decision. 萨姆告诫他不要草率做出决定。
The government cautioned that pay increases could lead to job losses. 政府警告说增加工资会导致失业。
Suspects must be cautioned before any questions are asked. 嫌疑犯在回答问题前必须得到提醒。
She wasn’t sent to the juvenile court; instead she was cautioned. 她未被送上少年法庭，而是受到了警告。
The board sounded a note of caution about the economy. 董事会提醒大家要留心经济问题。
I would just like to add a word of caution. 我只想提醒你要谨慎行事。
As a first offender, she got off with a caution. 她由于是初犯，只受到了警告。
Statistics should be treated with caution. 对待统计数字要慎重。
We urge caution in the use of this medication. 我们特别强调使用此药要小心。
The utmost caution must be exercised when handling explosives. 处理炸药要极度小心。

adj. ~ (to sb) 隶属于某个群体或组织的、下级的:
n. [C] 组织机构中职位相对低微的一个人，即下级。相当于inferior:
adj. ~ (to sth) 次要的。相当于secondary:
vt. ~ sb/sth (to sb/sth) 把某人或某事物置于次要地位，使从属于:
subordinate |[səˈbɔ:dɪnət;美-ˈbɔ:rd-]
Sixty of his subordinate officers followed his example. 他的60个下级官员都以他为榜样。
Women were regarded as subordinate to free men. 过去女人被认为是从属于自由民的。
In many societies women are subordinate to men. 在许多社会中，妇女都从属于男人。
He had an essentially subordinate role. 他实质上处于从属地位。
She was directly subordinate to the president. 她直接听命于总裁。
the relationship between subordinates and superiors 上下级关系 
Haig tended not to seek guidance from subordinates. 黑格不愿向下属请教。
Nearly all her subordinates adored her. 几乎所有的下属都崇拜她。
All other issues are subordinate to this one. 所有其他问题都没有这一问题重要。
It was an art in which words were subordinate to images. 这是一种形象胜于语言的艺术。
Safety considerations were subordinated to commercial interests. 商业利益置于安全考虑之上。
He was both willing and able to subordinate all else to this aim. 为了这个目标他愿意并能够把其他一切都放在次要的位置。

n. [C] 下巴:
chin |[tʃɪn]
square chin 方下巴 
pointed，pointy chin 尖下巴 
firm, jutting chin 结实的下巴；突出的 
determined, resolute, stubborn chin 坚毅的下巴；果敢的下巴；倔强的下巴 
smooth chin 光滑的下巴 
stubbly chin 胡子拉碴的下巴 
He rubbed the gray stubble on his chin. 他揉搓着下巴上灰白的胡茬。
double chin 双下巴 
Maria jutted her chin defiantly.（jut尤为美式用法）玛丽亚挑衅性地扬起下巴。
She tilted her chin at him defiantly. 她挑衅性地冲他扬起下巴。
He stroked his chin thoughtfully. 他若有所思地抚摩着下巴。
She sat resting her chin on her hands. 她双手托着下巴坐在那里。 
He cupped her chin with his hand. 他窝起手掌托住她的下巴。
His chin rose in a proud gesture.他骄傲地扬起下巴。
Her chin was resting on his shoulder. 她的下巴靠在他的肩头。
His chin quivered and a tear ran down his cheek.他下巴颤抖着，一颗泪珠从面颊上滑落下来。
Fasten the chin strap or the helmet will fall off 把额带系牢，不然头盔会掉下来。
Slowly lower the bar to around chin level. 将杠慢慢降到大致与下巴齐平的高度。
He put his hand under her chin and lifted her face to his. 他用手抬起她的下巴，让她的脸对着自己的脸。
The juice dribbled down his chin. 汁水顺着他的下巴滴下来。
He had bits of food on his chin. 他的下巴上有食物碎肩。
She caught him with a hard blow on the chin. 她重重地打中了他的下巴。

vi. 继续存在:
adj. 常作前置定语，（酸奶）含乳酸菌的:
vi. 在某个地方居住。是此义的常规用词，最为常用。可指各种形式的长期或短期居住:
vt.＆vi.（以某种方式）生活:
vi. 1 享受充实而令人兴奋的生活:
2 为…而活:
adj. 常作前置定语，（电线或其他电器装置）直接连接着电源的，通电的，带电的:
adj. 常作前置定语，（互联网的电子链接）有效的，功能正常的，能连接到互联网上的其他文件或页面的:
adj. 1 常作前置定语，（电视或广播节目）现场直播或实况转播的（而非预先录制的）:
2 常作前置定语，（演出）现场表演的:
vi. 继续存在或被记住。是一个拟人用法:
adj. 常作前置定语，（煤块）燃烧着的，仍然灼热发红的:
vi. 1 存活，活着:
2（尤指在某个时期）活着:
3 以…为生:
adj. 常作前置定语，活的（而非死的）:
adj.（常作前置定语）（子弹）实弹的；（火柴）仍可点燃的；随时可用的:
adj. 常作前置定语，指（问题或话题）在当下所关心的，感兴趣的，或重要的:
live |[laɪv][lɪv]
live yogurt 含乳酸菌的酸奶
to find somewhere to live 找个住的地方 
to live at home 住在家里 
to live in Paris 住在巴黎
to live a peaceful life 过平静的生活 
to live in poverty 过贫穷的日子 
to a life of luxury 过奢华的生活 
people living with AIDS 艾滋病病毒感染者 
I absolutely could not live without my cell phone! 我的生活绝对离不开手机！
I don’t want to be stuck in an office all my life--I want to live! 我不想一辈子都憋在办公室里——我要生活充实起来，多些刺激！
He lived for his great cause. 他为他的伟大目标而活。
to expose live wires 露出带电的电线 
some live links to relevant resources 相关资源的一些有效链接 
The new website is expected to go live in October. 新网站预计十月上线。
a live radio show 电台直播节目 
live coverage of the World Cup 世界杯比赛的实况转播 
I can watch the games live on TV. 我可以在电视上看直播比赛。
This concert comes to you live from Carnegie Hall. 本场音乐会从卡耐基音乐厅向您直播。
to host live music 举办现场音乐会 
live album 演唱会现场专辑 
a live audience 一位现场观众
His words have always been living with me. 他的话我一直都记在心里。
This moment will live in our memory forever. 这一时刻将永远保留在我们的记忆中。
She lived to the age of 95. 她活到了95岁高龄。
Women live longer than men in general. 一般来说，女人比男人长寿。
teaching children about the world we live in 教孩子认识现实世界 
When did he live? 他是什么时期的人？
She’s the greatest dancer who ever lived. 她是世界上最伟大的舞蹈家。
to live by hunting 以打猎为生
to test on live animals 对动物进行活体实验 
a real live crocodile 一条活生生的鳄鱼
to use live ammunition 用实弹 
Unemployment is still very much a live issue. 失业仍然是人们目前非常关注的问题。

adj. [常用于名词前] 整体的、全面的、包含了某事物的各部分的:
adj. [常用于名词前] 全球的、全世界的:
global |[ˈgləʊbl;美ˈgloʊbl]
We need to take a more global approach to the problem. 我们需要更全面地看这个问题。
global searches on the database 在数据库中的全程检索 
They sent a global email to all staff. 他们向全体职员发了一封统一的电邮。
the global view, the ability to make wider decisions based on a knowledge of all the facts, not just some of them. 大局观——基于全部而非部分事实做出更加宏观的决定的能力 
a global vision of contemporary societies 对当代社会的总体看法
global issues 全球性问题 
global climate change 全球气候变化 
global economy, global trade, global strategy 全球经济；全球贸易；全球战略 
global distribution; global expansion 全球分布；全球扩张 
the company's domestic and global markets 这家公司在国内外的销售市场 
Technology has turned the world into a global village. 技术把世界变成一个地球村。
a global ban on nuclear testing 全球核试验禁令 
The commission is calling for a global ban on whaling. 委员会要求全球禁止捕鲸。
On a global scale, AIDS may well become the leading cause of infant death. 艾滋病很可能会成为造成全球婴儿死亡的首要原因。

vt. 重新使用；重做:
vt.&vi.（使）生物复苏，恢复意识:
vt. 重新上演（戏剧、歌剧或芭蕾等）:
vt.&vi.（使）某事物复苏:
revive |[rɪˈvaɪv]
This quaint custom should be revived. 应该恢复这一独特的风俗。
Banks and businesses are quickly reviving business activities in China. 各家银行和公司正快速恢复其在中国的业务活动。
She has been trying to revive the debate over equal pay. 她一直在设法再次展开同工同酬的辩论。
an initiative aimed at reviving talks on the country's political future 旨在重新开始就该国政治前途进行会谈的倡议
The paramedics couldn't revive her. 护理人员无法使她苏醒。
She and a neighbour tried in vain to revive him. 她和邻居想尽一切办法都没能让他苏醒过来。
With a glazed stare she revived for one last instant. 她最后清醒了一会儿，眼神呆滞。
They revived him with cold water. 他们用冷水把他弄醒了。
Attempts to revive her failed and she was dead on arrival at the hospital. 种种抢救她的尝试都失败了，她送到医院时已经死亡。
The flowers soon revived in water. 这些花见了水很快就活过来了。
This 1930s musical is being revived at the National Theatre. 这部20世纪30年代的音乐剧正在国家剧院重新上演。
The Gaiety is reviving John B. Kean's comedy 'The Man from Clare'. 盖伊提剧院正在重新上演约翰·B. 基恩的喜剧《来自克莱尔的人》。
The economy is beginning to revive. 经济开始复苏。
an attempt to revive the British economy 试图复兴英国经济的努力 
The good harvest helped revive the economic fortunes of the country. 这次大丰收为该国重振经济发挥了作用。
attempts to revive falling sales 扭转销售额下降局面的尝试 
This movie is intended to revive her flagging career. 这部电影意在使她渐趋衰败的事业再现辉煌。
His trial revived memories of French suffering during the war. 他的受审重新勾起了在战争中受苦受难的法国人民的回忆。

n. [C, U] 杀虫剂:
pesticide |[ˈpestɪsaɪd]
vegetables grown without the use of pesticides 未用杀虫剂种植的蔬菜 
crops sprayed with pesticide 喷洒过杀虫剂的庄稼 
chemical, synthetic pesticide 化学杀虫剂；合成杀虫剂 
organic pesticide 有机杀虫剂
agricultural pesticide 农用杀虫剂 
residues杀虫剂残留 
the risk of pesticide exposure among farm workers 农场工人接触杀虫剂的风险 
pesticide poisoning 杀虫剂中毒 
Some weeds have developed resistance to agricultural pesticides. 一些杂草已对农用杀虫剂产生了抗药性。

vt. 给予某人一个特定的等级或头衔，如授予、册封:
vt. 引起、造成或产生（某种感觉或印象）:
vt. 使某事发生或存在，如创造:
create |[krɪ'eɪt]
The government has created eight new peers. 政府新封了八个贵族。
He was created a baronet in 1715. 他于1715年被封为准男爵。
The company is trying to create a young energetic image. 该公司正试图塑造一个充满活力的年轻形象。
The announcement only succeeded in creating confusion. 那通告反而引起了混乱。
They’ve painted it red to create a feeling of warmth. 他们把它刷成红色以营造一种温暖的感觉。
Scientists disagree about how the universe was created. 科学家对宇宙是怎样形成的有分歧。
to create wealth 创造财富 
to create jobs 创造就业机会 
Create a new directory and put all your files into it. 创建一个新的目录，然后把你所有的文件都放进去。
Try this new dish, created by our head chef. 品尝一下这道新菜吧，是我们厨师长首创的。

n. [U, sing.] 有吸引力的外表（而内里并非如此），即虚假的外表:
n. 1 [U, sing.] 平滑表面上的光泽或光亮:
2 [U]（常构成复合词）用以产生光泽的物质:
n. [U, sing.] 有吸引力的外表（而内里并非如此），即虚假的外表:
n. [C] ~ (on sth) 对坏事进行的粉饰:
n. [U]（也可用gloss paint）亮光漆、光泽涂料（即干燥后表面坚硬闪光的涂料）:
n. [C] ~ (on sth) 给文章写的注释或评注（以解释难的词或短语）:
vt. ~ sth (as sth) 给文章写注释或评注（以解释难的词或短语）:
gloss |[glɒs;美glɔ:s;glɑ:s]
Beneath the gloss of success was a tragic private life. 在成功的外表下面却隐藏着悲惨的私人生活。
This scandal has taken the gloss off the occasion. 这丑闻使这次盛会黯然失色。
Television commercials might seem more professional but beware of mistaking the gloss for the content. 电视广告看上去或许更加专业，但要当心，不要把表象误以为真。
paper with a high gloss on one side 单面上光纸 
Your hair has lost its natural gloss. 你的头发失去了自然光泽。
We used a gel to add gloss to her hair. 我们用了一种发胶来使她的头发更亮泽。
You can have the photos with either a gloss or a matt finish. 你可选择用光面或布面相纸洗这些照片。
Rain produced a black gloss on the asphalt. 雨后的柏油路面显得黑亮黑亮的。
lip gloss（通常用lipgloss）唇彩
Beneath the gloss of success was a tragic private life. 在成功的外表下面却隐藏着悲惨的私人生活。
This scandal has taken the gloss off the occasion. 这丑闻使这次盛会黯然失色。
Television commercials might seem more professional but beware of mistaking the gloss for the content. 电视广告看上去或许更加专业，但要当心，不要把表象误以为真。
He used his diary to put a fine gloss on the horrors the regime perpetrated. 他假借日记对该政权犯下的恐怖罪行巧加粉饰。
The whole idea was to give history a happy gloss. 整个想法就是要粉饰历史。
two coats of gloss 两层亮光漆 
Use a high gloss paint. 用高光泽度的漆。
furniture with a dark gloss finish 涂有黑色亮光漆的家具
Older editors glossed 'drynke' as 'love-potion'. 老编辑将drynke注释为love-potion（春药）。

vt. [正式] 恳求、乞求某人去做某事（常带有真切的感情）:
entreat |[ɪnˈtri:t]
Please help me, I entreat you. 请帮帮我吧，求你了。
She entreated him not to go. 她恳求他不要走。

vt. [正式] 留住某人，以阻止其去某地，即阻留、耽搁（别人的时间）:
vt. 留（在医院）:
vt. 留（在医院）:
vt. 扣留、拘留（在警察局、监狱）:
detain |[dɪˈteɪn]
I'm sorry--he'll be late; he's been detained at a meeting. 对不起——他要晚点到，他因会议耽搁了。
Thank you. We won't detain you any further. 非常感谢。我们就不再耽搁您的时间了。
This issue need not detain us long.（need not尤为英式用法）这件事不必耽搁我们太久。
Two people were detained in hospital following the crash.（be detained in hospital为英式用法）撞车事故发生后，两人被留院治疗。
Two people were detained in hospital following the crash.（be detained in hospital为英式用法）撞车事故发生后，两人被留院治疗。
The act allows police to detain a suspect for up to 48 hours. 该法令允许警方将嫌疑犯扣押最多48小时。
He was arrested and detained for questioning. 他遭到逮捕、拘留以接受问讯。
She was arrested and detained for distributing pro-democracy leaflets. 她因为散发支持民主的传单而被拘留了。
He was kidnapped and briefly detained by a terrorist group. 他被一个恐怖组织绑架并短暂拘禁。Prisoners cannot be detained indefinitely without charge. 不能无限期羁押囚犯而不提出控告。He has been detained without trial for nearly two years now. 他未经审判就被拘押，到现在已将近两年。
to detain sb illegally 非法扣押某人 
Over 60 people have been detained in connection with the coup attempt. 60多人因牵涉这起未遂政变而被拘留。
be detained in custody（英）被拘留

vt.＆vi. tidy (sth) (up) [尤英] 通过把东西置于原有的位置而使其看上去整洁或整齐的，如整理:
adj. 1 [尤英] 布置（或安排）得井井有条的，井然有序的:
2 [尤英] 让事物保持井然有序的（或让其整洁、整齐的）:
n. [C] [英] 尤用于构成复合词，（为保持一个地方的整洁而设置的一个）用于盛放小型零碎物品的容器:
adj. [非正式] 只用于名词前，（一笔钱）数额可观的，高额的，相当于considerable:
tidy |['taɪdɪ]
I spent all morning cleaning and tidying. 我用了整个上午的时间清扫整理。
When you cook, could you please tidy up after yourself. 请你在做饭时随手收拾干净。
to tidy (up) a room 整理房间
a tidy desk 整洁的书桌 
The living room is fairly tidy. 起居室相当整洁。
I’m a tidy person. 我这个人讲究整洁。
tidy habits 爱整齐的习惯
a desk tidy 案头文具盒
It must have cost a tidy sum. 这准花了相当大的一笔钱。
a tidy profit 可观的利润

adj.（眼神、表情或动作）传神的:
adj.（尤指在公共场合）雄辩的、有口才的:
eloquent |[ˈeləkwənt]
His eyes were eloquent. 他的眼睛很传神。
eloquent speech, eloquent speaker 雄辩的演讲；雄辩的演讲人 
I heard him make a very eloquent speech at that dinner. 在那次晚宴上，我听到他作了一番非常有说服力的陈词。
one particularly eloquent German critic 非常能言善辩的德国评论家 
He was eloquent about his love of books. 他说起自己对书的喜爱来就会停不住嘴。
He waxed eloquent about her talents as an actress. 谈到她的演艺才能，他变得口若悬河。
He grew very eloquent on the subject. 谈到这个话题，他越说越有劲儿。

vt.＆vi. 出席（或参加）一场活动。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
vi. [正式] attend (to sb/sth) 注意（或专心）于某人正在说的话（或自己正在做的事）:
vt. [正式] 与某事同时发生，即伴随某事而发生:
vt. 定期（或经常）去一个地方:
vt. [正式] 与某人在一起并对其进行帮助，如陪同，随同:
attend |[ə'tend]
to attend a meeting, to attend a wedding, to attend a lecture 出席会议；参加婚礼；去现场听讲座 
The event was well attended. 许多人参加了这一盛事。
She hadn’t been attending during the lesson. 上课时她一直不专心。
She dislikes the loss of privacy that attends TV celebrity. 她不喜欢成为电视名人后随之失去个人隐私。
Our children attend the same school. 我们的孩子上同一所学校。
to attend church regularly 定期去教堂
The President was attended by several members of his staff. 总统有几名幕僚随从。

n. [U] 邮资、邮费:
postage |['pəʊstɪdӡ]
to cover postage（尤英）支付邮费 
postage stamp 邮票 
postage costs, postage rates 邮寄费 
What’s the postage on this package? 这个包裹的邮费是多少？
postage paid（尤美）邮资已付

vt. postpone sth (to/until sth) 将活动或事件等安排在比原计划更晚的一个时间或日期，即推迟；延期。是一种主动的推迟:
postpone |[pəʊst'pəʊn]
The game has already been postponed three times. 这场比赛已经三度延期了。
The meeting has been postponed until next week. 会议推迟至下周。
to indefinitely postpone 无限期推迟

adj.（图像等）清晰分明的:
adj.（雪、树叶等）压碎时发出脆响的:
adj.（声音）清脆悦耳的:
adj. 1（也可用crispy）（食物）脆的、酥脆可口的:
2（也可用crispy）（水果、蔬菜）鲜脆的、脆嫩的:
vt.&vi.（用加热等方法）（使）变脆:
adj.（空气或天气）凉爽的、清新的、干燥清爽的:
adj.（纸张或布料）洁净如新的、崭新且挺括（且没有任何折痕）的:
n. [C] [也可用potato crisp，均英] [美用chip或potato chip] 油炸土豆片、炸薯片（有多种风味，袋装）:
adj. [有时贬]（某人的说话方式）快速而自信的（表明此人繁忙或不友好），即干脆的、利落的:
crisp |[krɪsp]
deep, crisp snow 踩上去咯吱作响的积雪 
He crunched through the crisp snow. 他咯吱咯吱地踏雪行进着。
crisp autumn leaves 踩上去发出脆响的秋叶
The recording sounds very crisp, considering its age. 考虑到这录音已年代久远，听起来声音还是挺清楚的。
Bake until the pastry is golden and crisp. 把油酥糕点烤至金黄酥脆。
Bake the potatoes for 15 minutes, till they're nice and crisp. 将土豆片烤15分钟，直至酥脆。
crisp bacon 脆熏肉 
crisp apple, crisp lettuce, crisp salad 新鲜脆爽的苹果；新鲜脆爽的生菜；脆爽的沙拉 
a salad of crisp, raw vegetables 用生蔬菜做成的脆爽沙拉
Cook the bacon until it begins to crisp. 把熏肉烹至酥脆。
Spread breadcrumbs on a dry baking sheet and crisp them in the oven. 把面包屑撒在干燥的烤盘上，然后放在烤箱里烤脆。
a crisp autumn day 秋高气爽的一天 
a crisp winter morning 冬天一个寒冷的早晨 
The air was crisp and clear and the sky was blue. 空气清新，天空碧蓝。
a crisp new $5 bill 一张崭新挺括的5元钞票 
a crisp white shirt 洁净挺括的白衬衫 
He wore a panama hat and a crisp white suit. 他戴着一顶巴拿马草帽，穿着一身挺括的白西装。
I slipped between the crisp clean sheets. 我钻到崭新洁净的被单底下。
crisp bag 挺括的包           
a packet of crisps 一袋炸薯片 
cheese and onion potato crisps 奶酪和洋葱味炸薯片
Her answer was crisp, and she gave no details. 她的回答简短而干脆，没有提供细节。
'Very well,' I said, adopting a crisp authoritative tone. “很好，”我用干脆的命令性的语气说道。
