misrepresent			歪曲
warranty				保修单
rigorous						严格的，缜密的
auxiliary					辅助的，辅助物
terse				简短的
orchard				果园
dissertation			学位论文
vivid							鲜艳的，清晰的，生动的
grumble				抱怨
phenomenon						现象，非凡的人或事物
rally							集会，回升，召集
ceramic				陶瓷的，陶瓷
tongue								舌头，说话方式，语言
initiative					主动性
formula							惯用语句，方案，配方
incipient				早期的
coincidence					巧合，同时发生，相符
envisage				展望，想象
precaution			预防措施
challenge							比赛邀请，挑战，激发
annihilate			歼灭，摧毁
addict					对...入迷的人
conservative								保守的，传统的
edge				边缘，刃，优势，缓慢移动，给...镶边
rumour			谣言
misuse			错用，滥用，虐待
propaganda		宣传鼓动
inherit					继承，接手
secretion			分泌物，分泌
attendance						出席人数，就诊
\\\\\\\\

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb/sth (as sth) 给出虚假（或不完整）的信息以使人产生误解，如歪曲:
misrepresent |[ˌmɪsˌreprɪˈzent]
He felt that the book misrepresented his opinions. 他觉得这本书歪曲了他的观点。
In the article she was misrepresented as an uncaring mother. 这篇文章把她歪曲成一名缺少爱心的母亲。
He said that the press had misrepresented him as arrogant and bullying. 他说新闻媒体把他歪曲成了一个傲慢而又霸道的人。
Hollywood films misrepresented us as drunks, maniacs and murderers. 好莱坞电影把我们歪曲成酒鬼、疯子和杀人凶手。
Ecstasy is widely misrepresented as a soft drug. 迷幻药被普遍误传为软性毒品。

n. [C, U] 商品的保修单:
warranty |[ˈwɒrənti;美ˈwɔ:r-;ˈwɑ:r-]
The television comes with a full two-year warranty. 这台电视机有整两年的保修期。
Is the car still under warranty? 这辆汽车仍在保修期内吗？
specific warranty（尤英）专门保修 
We can not give a specific warranty for the work done on your property. 我们不能为您的房屋装修工程提供专门的保修服务。
extended warranty 延期保修 
The tool comes with a lifetime warranty. 这件工具可享受终身保修。
limited warranty 有限保修 
The computer comes with a year's warranty on all parts. 这台电脑的所有部件享有一年保修。
They've extended the warranty and the mileage. 他们延长了保修期和英里数。
The model carries a three-year warranty. 这种型号附带三年的保修。
to void warranty（尤美）取消保修 
Manufacturers void their warranties if the labels have been tampered with. 若擅自涂抹标签，厂家不予保修。
Corrosion is not covered by the warranty. 腐蚀不在保修范围之内。
warranty period 保修期 
warranty claim 保修要求 
warranty coverage 保修范围；保修期限 
The warranty coverage is 60 months. 保修期限是60个月。
warranty repair, warranty service, warranty work（均尤美）保修期内的维修；保修服务 
warranty cost 保修成本 
warranty card（尤美）保修卡 
warranty plan, warranty policy（均尤美）保修计划；保修条款 
a warranty against storm damage 对风暴造成的损坏的保修 
The warranty on my watch ran out just before it broke. 我手表坏的时候刚过了保修期。
He took legal action against the company for breach of warranty. 他起诉该公司违反保修规定。

adj. 1（某人）严格的:
2（测试、系统或程序）要求严格遵守规则、过程等的，如严格的、严厉的:
adj.（某人）一丝不苟的、谨慎的、要求细心的:
rigorous |[ˈrɪgərəs]
He is rigorous in his control of expenditure. 他对支出控制得非常严格。
The work failed to meet their rigorous standards. 工作没有达到他们的严格标准。
The selection process is based on rigorous tests of competence and experience. 选拔过程是基于对能力和经验的严格测试。
a rigorous system of blood analysis 缜密的血液分析系统 
rigorous regime 严格的制度 
rigorous training 严格的体育锻炼 
rigorous enforcement 严格执行
a rigorous analysis 细致的分析 
rigorous check 细致的检查 
rigorous examination 细致的查看 
rigorous scrutiny 细致的检查

An auxiliary is a person who is employed to assist other people in their work. Auxiliaries are often medical workers or members of the armed forces. 助手
Auxiliary staff and troops assist other staff and troops. 后备的
Auxiliary equipment is extra equipment that is available for use when necessary. 备用的
auxiliary |英 [ɔːg'zɪlɪərɪ; ɒg-]  美 [ɔːɡ'zɪlɪəri]| n. 助动词；辅助者，辅助物；附属机构/adj. 辅助的；副的；附加的/
Nursing auxiliaries provide basic care, but are not qualified nurses.助理护士们提供基本护理，但没有护士资格。
The government's first concern was to augment the army and auxiliary forces.政府首要关注的是扩充军队与后备军。
...an auxiliary motor.…一台备用的发动机。


adj. 言语简短的（且常看起来不礼貌或不友好的）:
terse |[tɜ:s;美tɜ:rs]
His tone was terse as he asked the question. 他提问时语气生硬。
The President issued a terse statement denying the charges. 总统发表了一份简短的声明，否认那些指控。
a terse style 生硬冷漠的风格 
a terse nod 简短的点头

n. [C] 果园:
orchard |[ˈɔ:tʃəd;美ˈɔ:rtʃərd]
A pig rooted in the orchard. 果园被一头猪给拱了。

n. [C] ~ (on sth) 正式的长篇专题论文，尤指学位论文:
dissertation |[ˌdɪsəˈteɪʃn;美-sərˈt-]
research dissertation 研究论文 
doctoral, Master's, under-graduate（英）dissertation 博士论文；硕土论文；本科生学位论文 
MSc, PhD dissertation 理学硕士论文；哲学博士论文 
15 000-word dissertation 15，000字的论文 
unpublished dissertation 未发表的论文 
Students can either do a dissertation or take part in a practical project. 学生可以做学位论文，也可以参加实践项目。
Candidates are required to present a dissertation of between 8 000 and 12 000 words. 考生需要递交一份8，000至12，000字的论文。
He wrote his Master's dissertation on rats. 他的硕士论文写的是关于老鼠的问题。
He is currently writing a dissertation on the Somali civil war. 他目前正在写一篇关于索马里内战的论文。

adj.（光）非常明亮的。不太常用:
adj.（颜色）非常明亮的:
adj. 1（记忆、描述等）在头脑里产生非常清晰的图片的，即生动的，逼真的，相当于graphic:
2（人的想象）能够在头脑中对观念、情况等轻易地形成图片的:
vivid |['vɪvɪd]
vivid blue eyes 碧蓝的眼睛
vivid memories 清晰的记忆 
a vivid account of his life 对他生活的生动描述 
a vivid imagination 生动逼真的想象 
to be vivid in sb’s mind 在某人脑海中栩栩如生 

vt.&vi. ~ (at/to sb) (about/at sb/sth) 咕哝、嘟囔、发牢骚:
vi. 发出持续且低沉的声音，如咕隆、发轰隆声:
vt.&vi. ~ (at/to sb) (about/at sb/sth) 咕哝、嘟囔:
grumble |[ˈgrʌmbl]
She's always grumbling to me about how badly she's treated at work. 她总是向我抱怨她在工作中如何受亏待。
‘I'll just have to do it myself, ’ he grumbled. “我只好自己动手了。”他咕哝着说。
They kept grumbling that they were cold. 他们不停地嘟囔着说冷。
I shouldn't grumble about Mum — she's lovely really. 我不该抱怨妈妈——她真的很好。
Taft grumbled that the law so favored the criminal that trials seemed like a game of chance. 塔夫脱抱怨法律如此偏袒罪犯，审判看来像是一场碰运气的游戏。
Thunder grumbled in the distance. 远处雷声隆隆。
It was quiet now, the thunder had grumbled away to the west. 隆隆的雷声向西边传去，现在寂静下来了。
The dogs made a noise, a rough, grumbling sound. 这些狗发出刺耳的低吼声。
‘I'll just have to do it myself, ’ he grumbled. “我只好自己动手了。”他咕哝着说。
They kept grumbling that they were cold. 他们不停地嘟囔着说冷。

n. 1 [C]（自然或社会中的）现象（尤指未被充分理解的现象）:
2 [C] phenomenons 在美国可指非常成功或令人印象非常深刻的一个人或事物:
n. [C] phenomenons 在美国可指令人印象非常深刻的一个人或事物:
n. [C] phenomenons 在美国可指非常成功的一个人或事物:
phenomenon |[fɪ'nɒmɪnən]
a global phenomenon 全球现象 
natural, cultural, physical, social phenomenon 自然现象；文化现象；物理现象；社会现象 
supernatural phenomenon 超自然现象 
The phenomenon occurs in the early stages of pregnancy. 这种现象出现在怀孕早期。
The movie has become a summer phenomenon. 看电影成了人们消夏的一种方式。

vt.&vi. ~ (sb/sth) (around/behind/to sb/sth) 集合（或把人们召集起来）以帮助或支持某人或某事物:
vi. [金融]（尤指股票价格或一国的货币）价值跌后回升:
n. [sing.]（在证券交易中）止跌回升:
vi. 在一段时间的疾病、虚弱等状态之后变得更健康、更强壮等:
n. [C] [英]（汽车、摩托车等在公共道路上举行的）拉力赛:
n. [C]（在网球、羽毛球、壁球等类似运动项目中）（争夺一分的）一系列拍击:
n. [C] 大型公众集会，尤指支持某个思想或政党的大型公众集会:
n. [sing.]（在体育运动）状态回升:
vi. 在一段时间的虚弱状态之后变得更好:
rally |[ˈræli]
Everyone rallied around and offered to help. 大家团结在一起，都主动帮忙。
The team captain vainly tried to rally his troops. 队长试图把队伍团结起来，但没有成功。
Friends rallied to her. 朋友们都团结起来支持她。
Friends and colleagues have rallied to her cause. 朋友和同事们联合起来支持她的事业。
We were at war and everyone was rallying around the flag. 我们当时正处于战争时期，大家都团结一心，同仇敌忾。
He rallied his own supporters for a fight. 他把自己的拥护者召集起来准备斗争。
She urged everyone to rally behind the president. 她敦促大家团结起来做总统的后盾。
The cabinet rallied behind the Prime Minister. 内阁团结一致支持首相。
Many national newspapers rallied to his support. 许多全国性报纸一致对他表示支持。
They have rallied a great deal of support for their campaign. 他们为竞选活动征得了大量的支持。
His supporters have rallied to his defence. 他的拥护者团结起来为他辩护。
BBC leaders rallied to his defence. 英国广播公司的领导们合力为他辩护。   
The company's shares had rallied slightly by the close of trading. 这家公司的股票价格在收盘前略有回升。
The pound rallied against the dollar. 英镑对美元的比值回升了。
a rally in shares on the stock market 证券市场股票的止跌回升 
the recent rally in the Treasury market（美国）国债市场最近的价格回稳 
bear-market, market, stock-market rally（均为商业用语）熊市反弹；市场回稳；股市反弹 
The US dollar is now ending its bear-market rally. 美元的熊市反弹已近尾声。
dollar rally 美元的价格反弹           
He never really rallied after the operation. 手术后，他根本没有真正康复。
He rallied enough to thank his doctors. 他身体好得差不多了，于是去感谢他的医生。          
club, international rally 俱乐部公路汽车赛；国际汽车拉力赛 
motor, motorcycle rally 汽车拉力赛；摩托车拉力赛 
the Monte Carlo rally 蒙特卡洛汽车拉力赛 
Carlos Sainz of Spain has won the New Zealand Motor Rally. 西班牙人卡洛斯·赛恩斯在新西兰摩托车公路大赛中夺冠。
rally circuit 赛车路线 
rally driver, rally driving 公路赛车手；公路赛车 
He will join the team on the rally next week. 他将加入该队，参加下星期的汽车拉力赛。
long, short rally 长时间的连续对打；短时间的对打 
an exciting rally 激动人心的对打 
to play the rally 展开对打 
to win the rally 在对打中取胜
big, huge, large, major, mass, massive rally 大型集会；重要集会；群众集会；盛大集会 
public rally 公众集会 
indoor rally 室内集会 
a massive outdoor rally in Paris 巴黎的一次大规模户外集会 
pep rally（美）赛前动员会 
a pep rally before the homecoming game 返校节比赛前的动员会 
campaign（尤美）, election（尤英）, political rally 竞选集会；选举集会；政治集会 
opposition, protest rally 反对派集会；抗议集会 
peace rally 和平集会 
anti-government, anti-war rally 反政府集会；反战集会 
pro-government, pro-war rally 支持政府的集会；支持战争的集会 
The demonstrators marched to Trafalgar Square where they held a rally. 示威者游行到特拉法尔加广场举行集会。
About 5,000 people attended a rally calling for peace. 约有5,000人参加了呼吁和平的集会。
The government closed the schools and banned all rallies. 政府关闭了学校，并禁止了一切集会。
a rally calling for a boycott of the January elections 呼吁联合抵制一月份大选的集会 
She spoke at a public rally in Hyde Park. 她在海德公园的一次公众集会上讲了话。
a mass rally against the treaty 反对该条约的群众集会 
a rally for the winning candidate 为获胜候选人举行的集会 
a rally in support of the strike 支持罢工的集会 
About three thousand people held a rally to mark international human rights day. 大约3,000人举行了一场大会来庆祝国际人权日。
Supporters of the policy are reported to be gathering in Delhi for a mass rally. 有报道说这项政策的拥护者要齐聚德里召开群众集会。
The rally dispersed peacefully after six hours. 集会在六小时后和平解散。
After a furious late rally, they finally scored. 他们后来状态恢复迅速，终于得分了。
The visiting team staged a late rally. 客队在晚些时候状态有所好转。
Markets began to rally worldwide. 世界各地的市场开始复苏。
The champion rallied to win the second set 6–3. 冠军选手振作精神，以6:3赢下第二局。

Ceramics is the art of making artistic objects out of clay. 制陶艺术
Ceramics are ceramic ornaments or objects. 陶瓷制品
Ceramic is clay that has been heated to a very high temperature so that it becomes hard. 陶瓷
ceramic |英 [sɪ'ræmɪk]  美 [sə'ræmɪk]| adj. 陶瓷的；陶器的；制陶艺术的/n. 陶瓷；陶瓷制品/
...a degree in ceramics.…陶艺学学位。
...a collection of Chinese ceramics.…中国陶瓷收藏品。
...ceramic tiles.…瓷砖。


n. [U, C] 供烹饪或食用的动物舌头:
n. [C] 鞋舌:
n. [C] 人或动物的舌头:
n. [sing.] 某种说话方式:
adj. -tongued 用于构成形容词，指以某种方式来说话的，即说话…的:
n. [C] 某人的所说的话。是一种指代用法，虽然远不如word常用，但也还算常用。具有一定的文学色彩:
n. [C] [文学] tongue (of sth) 舌状物:
n. [C] [正式或文学] 一门语言:
tongue |[tʌŋ]
a slice of ox tongue 一条牛舌
long tongue 长舌头 
forked tongue 叉状舌 
The snake’s tongue flicked out of its mouth. 那条蛇吐出芯子。
loose, sharp tongue（均为比喻用法）口风不严；说话尖刻 
sharp-tongued 说话尖刻的
He had a nasty tongue. 他满口脏话。
The wine had loosened his tongue. 酒一下肚他就打开了话匣子。
He said it was a slip of the tongue and apologized. 他说那是一个口误，并且道了歉。
It was on the tip of her tongue to refuse. 她话到嘴边想要拒绝。
a tongue of flame 火舌
mother, native tongue 母语；本族语 
common tongue 通用语；共同语 
foreign tongue 外语 
strange tongue 陌生的语言

n. [C]（为解决某个问题或为达成某个目标的）新方案、倡议:
n. 1 [U] 主动性、自发性（而非等着别人告诉你如何去做）:
2 [sing.] the initiative可指比别人更快地掌握有利条件的能力（或机会），即主动权、先机:
n. [C] [美，法律]（美国某些州的）公民立法提案程序（即普通人通过签署请愿信来提交新法案的程序）:
initiative |[ɪˈnɪʃətɪv]
a United Nations peace initiative 联合国的和平倡议 
a government initiative to combat unemployment 政府应付失业问题的新方案 
Government initiatives to help young people have been inadequate. 政府在积极帮助年轻人方面做得还不够。
fresh initiatives to find a peaceful end to the conflict 和平解决争端的各项新方案 
pioneering initiatives in bioengineering 生物工程的开拓件新举措 
collaborative, cooperative, joint initiative 协作倡议；合作计划；联合方案 
grass-roots initiative 基层的倡议 
strategic initiative 战略方案 
business, e-business, e-commerce, marketing initiative 经营新思路；电子商务新思路；新的营销方案 
diplomatic, economic, legislative, peace, policy, political initiative 新的外交举措；新的经济计划；新法案；和平倡议；新的政策方案；新的政治举措 
safety, training initiative 新的安全方案；新的培训计划 
development, research initiative 开发方案；研究方案 
education, educational, health initiative 新的教育方案；新的健康计划 
conservation, environmental initiative 新的环保倡议 
reform initiative 改革方案 
The government has launched a new policy initiative. 政府已经开始推行一项新政策。
Ten schools have been involved in the initiative. 有十所学校参与了新计划。
You won't get much help. You'll have to use your initiative. 你不会得到多少帮助的。你得自己想办法。
She did it on her own initiative (= without anyone telling her to do it). 她是主动这么做的。
She was disappointed by his lack of initiative. 她对他缺少进取心感到失望。
workers who are able to sort out problems on their own initiative 能主动解决问题的工人 
It is a very hierarchical company and there's little place for individual initiative. 这家公司等级森严，少有发挥个人主动性的空间。
He had the initiative to ask what time the last train left. 他主动询问最后一班火车什么时候开。He acted on his own initiative and wasn't following orders. 他是主动这么做的，并不是奉命行事。
Don't ask me what you should do all the time. Use your initiative! 别老是问我你该干什么，你要有自己的主见！
Raising taxes on small businesses will stifle initiative. 提高小企业的税收会抑制它们的积极性。
The project was set up on the initiative of a local landowner. 项目是由当地一名土地所有人发起的。
Some scientists show little initiative in applying their knowledge. 有些科学家很少主动将自己的知识投入应用。
In an unprecedented action, the army, on its own initiative, arrested seven civilians. 军队竟然擅自逮捕了七名平民，这种行为是前所未有的。
to seize, the initiative, to lose the initiative 掌握先机；丧失先机 
It was up to the US to take the initiative in repairing relations. 在修复关系方面应由美国采取主动。
We must take the initiative in the struggle to end the war. 为尽早结束战争，我们必须抢先行动。
She knew she had to take the initiative and maintain an aggressive game throughout. 她知道自己必须采取主动，并且始终保持咄咄逼人的态势。
We have the initiative; we intend to keep it. 我们拥有主动权；我们不打算放弃它。
He paused enough to consider the options but never so long as to lose the initiative. 他停顿了一会儿权衡自己有哪些选项,但并没有久到丧失主动权。
After their latest setback, the rebel forces no longer hold the initiative. 经过上次的失败后，叛军不再掌握主动权了。
She then regained the initiative in winning the third game. 她赢得了第三局比赛，重新夺回了主动权。
The initiative to reopen negotiations came from Moscow. 重启谈判的主动权来自莫斯科方面。
She took the initiative in asking the board to conduct an enquiry.她主动提请委员会进行调查。

n. [C] ~ (for sth/for doing sth) 做或达成某事的一种方法:
n. [C] [化学用语] 分子式:
n. [C] 配方:
n. [C] [数学用语] 公式、方程式:
n. [C] ~ (for sth/for doing sth) 做或达成某事的一种方法:
n. [C] 在Formula One用法中，指方程式（按发动机大小等对赛车的分级）:
n. [U, C] [尤美] 也可用formula milk，指液态配方乳（用来代替母乳）:
n. [C] 特定场合的惯用词语，套话:
formula |[ˈfɔ:mjələ;美ˈfɔ:rm-]（复数形式为formulas，科技领域常用formulae）
to work out a peace formula acceptable to both sides in the dispute 制订出一个争端双方都可接受的和平方案 
There's no magic formula for a perfect marriage. 没有一个达到完美婚姻的神奇方法。
face-saving formula（尤英）保全面子的方案 
a winning formula 制胜方案 
What is their formula for success? 他们成功的秘诀是什么？
CO is the formula for carbon monoxide. CO是一氧化碳的分子式。
the secret formula for the blending of the whisky 调配威士忌的秘方
This formula is used to calculate the area of a circle. 这个公式用于计算圆的面积。
algebraic, chemical, mathematical, scientific formula 代数公式；化学公式；数学公式；科学公式
to work out a peace formula acceptable to both sides in the dispute 制订出一个争端双方都可接受的和平方案 
There's no magic formula for a perfect marriage. 没有一个达到完美婚姻的神奇方法。
face-saving formula（尤英）保全面子的方案 
a winning formula 制胜方案 
What is their formula for success? 他们成功的秘诀是什么？
Formula One™ racing 一级方程式赛车
legal formulae 法律惯用词语 
The minister keeps coming out with the same tired formulas. 这个牧师开口便是千篇一律、陈词滥调的套话。

An incipient situation or quality is one that is starting to happen or develop. 开始发生的; 正在发展的
incipient |英 [ɪn'sɪpɪənt]  美 [ɪn'sɪpɪənt]| adj. 初期的；初始的；起初的；发端的/
...an incipient economic recovery....一种初期的经济复苏。


n. [sing.] [正式] 同时存在，并存:
n. [sing.] [正式]（两个或多个意见等的）相同，一致:
n. [C, U]（两件或多件相似或相关的事情）偶然地同时发生，即巧合:
coincidence |[kəʊ'ɪnsɪdəns]
the coincidence of inflation and unemployment 通货膨胀与失业的并存
a coincidence of interests between the two partners 两个合伙人之间利益的一致
What a coincidence! I wasn’t expecting to see you here. 真巧！我没料到会在这里见到你。
a series of strange coincidences 一连串奇怪的巧合 
By coincidence, we both went to the same school. 碰巧我们俩上的是同一所学校。

vt. [尤英] 想象未来将发生某事:
envisage |[ɪnˈvɪzɪdʒ]
What level of profit do you envisage? 你预计会有什么样的利润水平？
I don't envisage working with him again. 我想象不出再与他一起工作的可能。
I can't envisage her coping with this job. 我无法设想她如何应付这个工作。
It is envisaged that the talks will take place in the spring. 谈判预期在春季举行。
He envisages the possibility of establishing direct diplomatic relations in the future. 他设想在未来可以建立直接的外交关系。
He had never envisaged spending the whole of his working life in that particular job. 他从没有想象过自己整个职业生涯都要从事那个工作。
It was originally envisaged that the talks would take place in the spring. 最初的设想是在春季举行会谈。
It was never envisaged that this would be a long-term solution. 从未想过这将会是一个长远的解决方案。
I can envisage difficulties if we continue with this policy. 如果我们继续实行这项政策，我可以想象到可能遇到的困难。
I cannot envisage myself playing again next season. 我无法想象自己下一个赛季还要比赛。

n. [usually pl.] ~ (against sth) 预防措施:
n. [pl.] precautions可指避孕措施:
precaution |[prɪˈkɔ:ʃn]
fire, safety, security precaution 防火措施；安全措施；保安措施 
precautions against fire 防火措施 
You must take all reasonable precautions to protect yourself and your family. 你必须采取一切合理的预防措施，保护自己和家人。
I'll keep the letter as a precaution. 我要保存这封信，以防万一。
Could he not, just as a precaution, move to a place of safety? 就算仅仅是为了以防万一，难道他就不能挪到安全的地方吗？
I had taken the precaution of doing a little research before I left London. 我已在离开伦敦前进行了准备，做了些调查研究。
Condoms are a necessary precaution. 避孕套是一种必要的预防措施。
the need to take great precautions to protect sources 采取大量的防范措施保护资源的必要性 
You'll be safe if you observe certain basic precautions. 如果遵守一些基本的预防措施，你就不会有危险。
We take every precaution to ensure your safety. 我们采取一切预防措施以确保你的安全。
Remember to use all necessary safety precautions. 请记住，要采取所有必要的安全防范措施。
She had to stay in hospital overnight, just as a precaution. 她得在医院待一晚上，以防万一。
a precaution against customers who try to leave without paying 预防顾客企图不付钱就离开的措施 
Staff are expected to take reasonable precautions for their own safety. 希望员工为了自身安全而采取合理的预防措施。
I took the precaution of turning the water supply off first. 我先关闭了供水系统，以防万一。
We didn't take any precautions and I got pregnant. 我们没有采取任何避孕措施，所以我怀孕了。

vt. 对一个陈述（或行动）的正确性、合法性等提出质疑；拒绝接受某事。相当于dispute:
n. [C] challenge (to sth) 某人所做出的拒绝接受某事，并质疑其正确性、合法性等的陈述或行动:
vt. 命令某人停下来并让其说出身份（或让其交代自己正在做什么），即盘问:
n. 1 [C]（可以考验某人的能力和技能的）一项新的或困难的任务，可称为挑战:
2 [C]（对某人所下的）挑战书（以邀请其参加一场比赛、一场打斗等）:
vt. 1（尤指以一种有趣的方式）考验某人的能力和技能:
2 challenge sb (to sth) 要求某人去参加一场比赛、打斗等，即向某人发出挑战；强烈建议某人应该做某事（尤指认为对方可能不愿意做此事）:
challenge |['tʃælɪndӡ]
to challenge her authority 挑战她的权威 
She challenged him on his views. 她不同意他的观点。
This discovery challenges traditional beliefs. 这项发现是对传统信念的冲击。
The newspaper was directly challenging the organization’s legitimacy. 报社直接质疑该组织的合法性。
The demonstration represents a direct challenge to the new law. 这次示威是对新法律的直接质疑。
He was answering challenges to the government’s policy. 他在回应对政府政策的质询。
a legal challenge to the President’s power 对总统权力的合法质询
We were challenged by police at the border. 我们在边境受到警察盘问。
the biggest challenge of his acting career 他演艺生涯中的最大挑战 
to face a challenge 面临挑战 
economic, environmental, intellectual, technical challenge 经济上的挑战；环境上的挑战；智力上的挑战；技术上的挑战 
a title challenge 称号挑战赛；冠军挑战赛 
I accepted his challenge to a game of chess. 我接受他的挑战，与他下一盘棋。
a challenge from the other political party 另一政党发出的挑战
The job doesn’t really challenge her. 这项工作不能真正考验出她的能力。
Mike challenged me to a game of chess. 迈克硬逼着要和我下一盘棋。
The opposition leader challenged the prime minister to call an election. 反对党领袖要求首相宣布进行大选。
No one has seriously challenged the champion. 从来没有人真正挑战过这个冠军。

vt. 彻底毁灭:
vt. 彻底击败…:
vt. 消灭、歼灭:
annihilate |[əˈnaɪəleɪt]
The human race has enough weapons to annihilate itself. 人类有足够的武器灭绝自己。
There are lots of ways of annihilating the planet. 毁灭地球有很多方法。                       
She annihilated her opponent, who failed to win a single game. 她大获全胜，对方连一局也没有赢。
The Dutch annihilated the Olympic champions 5-0. 荷兰队以5比0完胜奥运冠军队。
The Army was annihilated. 陆军被彻底击溃了。

n. [C] 对某事入迷（因而花很多时间做此事）的人:
n. [C] 吸毒成瘾的人:
addict |[ˈædɪkt]
a video game addict 游戏机迷 
She is a TV addict and watches as much as she can. 她是个电视迷，看起电视来没完没了。
Many young boys become computer adherences. 许多男孩子小小年纪就迷上了电脑。
cocaine, heroin, drug, nicotine addict 吸食可卡因成瘾的人；吸食海洛因成瘾的人；吸食毒品成瘾的人；吸食尼古丁成瘾的人 
He's only 24 years old and a drug addict. 他只有24岁，却是个瘾君子。

adj. 1 反对巨大或突然的社会变革的；表现出对传统风格和价值观的偏爱的。即保守的，守旧的:
2（估计）低于可能的实际数额或数量的，即保守估计的:
n. [C] 一个保守的人:
adj. 常用Conservative，与英国的保守党有关的，即保守党的:
n. [C] 常用Conservative，简写为Con. 英国保守党的一名党员或一名支持者:
conservative |[kən'sə:vətɪv][kən'sə:vətɪv]
the conservative views of his parents 他父母的保守观念 
a conservative political outlook 保守的政治观点 
conservative values 保守的价值观 
culturally, morally conservative 文化上保守的；道德上保守的 
Her style of dress was never conservative. 她的服装式样一点儿也不保守。
At a conservative estimate, he’ll be earning £800. 按照保守的估计，他会赚到800英镑。
diehard conservative 顽固的保守主义者 
political conservative 政治上的保守分子 
cultural conservative 文化保守主义者
Conservative members, Conservative supporters 保守党的党员；保守党的支持者 

vi. 略微增加（或减少）:
n. [sing.] 常用the edge，指某事（尤指坏事）可能开始发生的一刻，相当于brink或verge:
n. [sing.] 尖利的嗓音（常带有愤怒）:
vt.＆vi. 朝某个方向慢慢移动；使…朝某个方向慢慢移动:
n. [C] 刀刃；刀剑的刃；刀口:
n. [C]（物体、表面或区域的）边缘；离中心最远的部分:
adj. -edged构成形容词，有某类边缘（或棱、锋）的:
vt. edge sth (with/in sth) 常用被动式，给某事物加边或镶边:
n. [C] 刀刃；刀剑的刃；刀口:
n. [sing.] 锐利；尖锐；敏锐；强烈等:
n. [sing.] edge (on/over sb/sth)（相对于…的）微弱的优势:
edge |[edӡ]
Prices edged up 2% in the year to December. 到12月为止的年度价格上涨了2%。
They had brought the country to the edge of disaster. 他们使国家濒临灾难。
There was a distinct edge to his voice. 他话音里带着明显的怒气。
She edged a little closer to me. 她慢慢地向我靠近了一些。
I edged nervously past the dog. 我紧张不安地从狗旁边慢慢走过去。
Emily edged her chair forward. 埃米莉把椅子慢慢地向前挪动。
We slowly edged our way towards/toward the exit. 我们朝着出口慢慢移动。
The Italian edged ahead to win the race. 意大利队逐渐赶上，最终取得胜利。
He drew level and for a moment edged ahead of his rival. 他追平了对手，有那么一会儿甚至略微领先。
Be careful--it has a sharp edge. 小心点——这刀刃很锋利。
serrated, jagged, ragged, rough edge 锯齿状的刀刃；参差不齐的刀刃；凹凸不平的刀刃；粗糙的刀刃 
smooth, blunt edge 平滑的刃；钝的刃
the edge of the cliff 悬崖边 
on the edge of town 城边 
Stand the coin on its edge. 让硬币竖起来。
the edge of the lake 湖边 
the rounded edges of her collarbone 她锁骨的圆形轮廓 
the frayed edges of my jeans 我牛仔裤磨损的边缘 
the edge of the map 地图显示的最边缘处 
the edges of the path 小路两旁 
the edges of the courtyard 庭院的边缘 
the edge of the woods 树林的边缘 
the edge of his bed 他的床边 
Smoke was making its way around the edges of the door. 烟从门缝里飘了出来。
a lace-edged handkerchief 有网眼花边的手绢 
The handkerchief is edged with lace. 这条手绢镶着网眼花边。
Be careful--it has a sharp edge. 小心点——这刀刃很锋利。
serrated, jagged, ragged, rough edge 锯齿状的刀刃；参差不齐的刀刃；凹凸不平的刀刃；粗糙的刀刃 
smooth, blunt edge 平滑的刃；钝的刃
Her show now has a hard political edge to it. 她现在的表演具有强烈的政治性。
to improve the competitive edge 提高竞争力 
technological edge 技术上的优势 
slight edge 微弱的优势 
definite edge 明确的优势 
Their training gave them an extra edge. 训练使他们更具优势。
Taiwan still retained a decisive edge in many industries. 台湾在很多产业上仍然保持着绝对的优势。

n. [C, U] ~ (of/about sth) | ~ (that …) 谣言、传闻:
vi. be rumoured可指谣传、传言:
rumour |[ˈru:mə(r)]
to start a rumour, to spread a rumour 制造谣言；散布谣言 
There are widespread rumours of job losses. 到处谣传要裁员。
There have been persistent rumours of quarrels within the movement. 运动团体内部存在争执的传闻始终未断。
Some malicious rumours are circulating about his past. 有人别有用心地散布谣言，说他过去如何如何。
I heard a rumour that they are getting married. 我听到传闻，说他们要结婚了。
Many of the stories are based on rumour. 这些说法很多都是道听途说。
Rumour has it (= people say) that he was murdered. 有传言说他被杀害了。
Internet rumour 网上的谣言 
His lengthy absence will fuel rumours that he has been fired. 他长时间不来，会使大家更相信他已被解雇了。
The actor confirmed rumours that he will be leaving the series. 那位演员证实了他将离开那部连续剧的传言。
The Chief Executive issued a statement to quash rumours of financial problems. 总裁发布了一项声明来平息有关财务问题的谣言。
The rumour quickly swept the town. 谣言迅速传遍了整个镇子。
rumour factory（英）, rumour mill 谣言工厂 
The Washington rumour mill suggests the money changed hands illegally. 华盛顿的传言暗示那笔钱已经非法易手。
The manager resigned suddenly amidst rumours of misconduct. 经历在其失职传闻缠身的情况下突然辞职了。
There were persistent rumours of drug-taking among staff. 职员吸毒的传言不绝于耳。
Among the other employees, rumour has it that he was fired from his last job. 员工中传言说，他上一份工作是被炒了鱿鱼的。
There is no truth in the rumour that she is about to resign. 她要辞职的传闻不实。
It's widely rumoured that she's getting promoted. 到处都在传要提拔她了。
He was rumoured to be involved in the crime. 有传言说他卷入了这桩罪行。

vt. 虐待（某人）；不公平地对待（某人）:
vt. 虐待或不公平地对待某人:
n. [U, C, usually sing.] 非法使用或错误地使用，即误用；滥用；盗用:
vt. 误用；滥用；盗用:
n. [U, C, usually sing.] 非法使用或错误地使用，即误用；滥用；盗用:
vt. 误用；滥用；盗用:
misuse |[ˌmɪsˈju:s]
alcohol, drug, substance misuse 酗酒；药物滥用；毒品滥用 
alcohol misuse among teenagers 青少年的酗酒 
pollution caused through misuse of pesticides 由于滥用杀虫剂而造成的污染 
criminal misuse（美）基于犯罪目的滥用 
Can manufacturers be held liable for the criminal misuse of their products? 制造商会因为他们的产品被用作犯罪工具而被追究责任吗? 
computer misuse（尤英）
He was fired for computer misuse. 他因滥用计算机而被解雇了。
the misuse of power/authority 滥用职权 
the misuse of privilege 滥用特权 
He was accused of the misuse of public funds.（尤英）他被控滥用公共资金。
individuals who misuse power for their own ends 以权谋私的人 
She misused her position in the appointment of 26,000 party supporters to government jobs. 她滥用职权，任命了26,000名党羽在政府部门工作。
You are protected instantly if a thief misuses your credit card. 如果小偷盗用你的信用卡，你的卡会立即受到保护。
He had grossly misuse d his power. 他严重滥用职权。
'Marketing' is a widely misused word in the book business. "营销"是一个被图书行业广泛误用的词。
alcohol, drug, substance misuse 酗酒；药物滥用；毒品滥用 
alcohol misuse among teenagers 青少年的酗酒 
pollution caused through misuse of pesticides 由于滥用杀虫剂而造成的污染 
criminal misuse（美）基于犯罪目的滥用 
Can manufacturers be held liable for the criminal misuse of their products? 制造商会因为他们的产品被用作犯罪工具而被追究责任吗? 
computer misuse（尤英）
He was fired for computer misuse. 他因滥用计算机而被解雇了。
the misuse of power/authority 滥用职权 
the misuse of privilege 滥用特权 
He was accused of the misuse of public funds.（尤英）他被控滥用公共资金。
individuals who misuse power for their own ends 以权谋私的人 
She misused her position in the appointment of 26,000 party supporters to government jobs. 她滥用职权，任命了26,000名党羽在政府部门工作。
You are protected instantly if a thief misuses your credit card. 如果小偷盗用你的信用卡，你的卡会立即受到保护。
He had grossly misuse d his power. 他严重滥用职权。
'Marketing' is a widely misused word in the book business. "营销"是一个被图书行业广泛误用的词。

n. [U]（常贬）（政治领袖、政党等为了获得支持所进行的）宣传、鼓吹:
propaganda |[ˌprɒpəˈgændə;美ˌprɑ:pə-]
government, official, party, state propaganda 政府的宣传；官方的宣传；政党的宣传；国家的宣传 
corporate, political, religious propaganda 企业宣传；政治宣传；宗教宣传 
Communist, Conservative, socialist propaganda 共产党的宣传；保守党的宣传；社会主义者的宣传 
left-wing propaganda 左翼宣传 
anti-American, anti-Semitic propaganda 反美宣传；反犹太人宣传 
enemy, war, wartime propaganda 敌方宣传；战争宣传；战时宣传 
covert propaganda 秘密宣传 
The pirate radio station broadcasts anti-government propaganda. 非法广播电台散播了反政府的言论。
propaganda battle, propaganda campaign, propaganda effort, propaganda exercise（尤英）, propaganda ploy（尤美）, propaganda war 宣传斗争；宣传运动；宣传努力；宣传训练；宣传策略；宣传战 
propaganda victory 宣传上的胜利 
propaganda department, propaganda machine 宣传部门；宣传机构（也可译为“宣传机器”） 
the lies that were spewed out by the regime's propaganda machine 由该政权的宣传机器吐出的谎言 
propaganda film, propaganda leaflet, propaganda material, propaganda piece, propaganda poster 宣传影片；宣传单；宣传材料；宣传品；宣传海报 
propaganda tool, propaganda weapon 宣传工具；宣传武器 
anti-European propaganda movies 反欧洲的宣传影片 
The movie was made in 1938 for propaganda purposes. 这部电影是1938 年出于宣传目的拍摄的。
The Olympics were of great propaganda value to the regime. 奥林匹克运动会对这个政权来说具有很大的宣传价值。
He has been listening to his own propaganda for so long that he is in danger of believing it. 他一直在听自己的宣传，听得久了连自己都差点儿信以为真了。
The papers were full of political propaganda about nationalization. 报纸上全是关于国有化的政治宣传。
Soviet propaganda against Fascism 苏联的反法西斯主义宣传 
The Front adopted an aggressive propaganda campaign against its rivals. 该阵线采用激进的宣传手段对付它的对手。

vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (from sb) 继承（逝者的金钱、财产等）:
vt. ~ (sth) (from sb) 接替某人的职责，如继任:
vt. ~ (sth) (from sb) 经遗传获得（品质、身体特征等）:
inherit |[ɪnˈherɪt]
She inherited a fortune from her father. 她从她父亲那里继承了一大笔财富。
He has no son to inherit his land. 他没有儿子来继承田产。
paintings that he inherited from his father 他从父亲那里继承来的油画 
He stood to inherit (= was likely to inherit)property worth over five million.当时他很有可能继承价值 500 多万的财产。
She inherited some money from her mother. 她从母亲那里继承了一笔钱。
policies inherited from the previous administration 因袭上届政府的政策 
The government inherited an impossible situation from its predecessors. 这届政府从前任那里接过了一个非常棘手的烂摊子。
Our legal system inherited laws from the English system. 我们的司法体系沿袭了英国的法律体系。
He has inherited his mother's patience. 这种耐心是母亲遗传给他的。
an inherited disease 遗传病 
How many of these traits are genetically inherited? 这些特征中有多少是遗传的?
We inherit from our parents many of our physical characteristics. 我们的许多身体特征都是从父母那里遗传而来的。
Her children have inherited her love of sport. 她的孩子们继承了她对运动的热爱。

n. 1 [U] [术语]（动植物液体物质的）分泌:
2 [C, usually pl.] [术语] 分泌物:
secretion |[sɪˈkri:ʃn]
the secretion of bile by the liver 肝脏分泌胆汁的过程 
the secretion of adrenaline 肾上腺素的分泌 
insulin secretion 胰岛素分泌 
mucus secretion 黏液的分泌 
bodily secretions 人体分泌物 
gastric secretions 胃分泌物

n. 1 [U, C] 出席、到场、上学出勤:
2 [C, U] 出席人数:
attendance |[əˈtendəns]
compulsory, mandatory（尤美）强制参加；不得缺席 
church, cinema（英）, college, movie（美）, school attendance 去教堂；看电影；上大学；上学等 
Attendance at these lectures is not compulsory. 这些课不是硬性规定要听的。
Teachers must keep a record of students' attendances. 老师必须记录学生的出勤情况。
Her attendance at school was sporadic. 她三天两头旷课。
Councillor Paul Tisley will be in attendance at the start of the meeting to welcome us. 议员保罗·提斯里将在会议开始时出席，以欢迎我们。
Police with riot gear and several fire engines are in attendance. 防暴警察和数辆消防车都到了。
He lived in considerable style, travelling widely, usually with a cook, valet, butler and chauffeur in attendance. 他活得相当潇洒，通常带着厨师、用人、管家和司机到处游玩。
Weekly attendance at a religious service was the norm. 每周参加一次宗教仪式是常规。
Regular attendance at lectures is important. 定期参加讲座很重要。
The ambulances were in attendance within 22 minutes. 救护车 22 分钟就赶到了现场。
attendance at the meetings 出席会议 
take attendance（美）（英式英语用take the register）点名 
Mrs Sakamoto had finished taking attendance. 坂本夫人已经点完名了。
There was an attendance of 42 at the meeting. 有42人参加了会议。
Average weekly cinema attendance in February was 2.41 million. 2月份，平均每周的观影人数为241万。
This year attendances were 28% lower than forecast. 今年的出席人数比预期少28%。
It was a record attendance for a midweek game. 对于一场周中期进行的比赛，有这么多人到场还是首次。
Despite falling attendances, the zoo will stay open. 尽管参观人数不断减少，动物园将继续开放。
The average attendance at sports events increased last year. 去年现场观看体育赛事的平均人数有所增长。
Average daily school attendance was only 75%. 学生平均每天的出勤率只有75%。
Building a new stadium has boosted attendances by 40%. 新体育场的修建使观众人数提高了 40%。
Attendances at the pool always fall in winter. 冬天去游泳的人总会减少。
Movie attendance soared during the war. 战争期间去看电影的人数陡增。
attendance figures, attendance numbers（尤美）, attendance rate, attendance record 出席人数；到场人数；出席率；出席记录 
Attendance figures were up this year. 今年的出席人数上升了。
