massacre				大屠杀，惨败
waver				消退，犹豫不决，摇曳
decrepit				老弱的，破旧的
mortgage				抵押贷款
hypothesis					假设，学说
all						全部，唯一，完全的
finance							资金，财政
take						携带，拿，取走，减去，测量，接受
legislate				立法，预测并应对
permeate					渗透，散布
cavity				孔，腔
definite				明确的，明显的，自信的
skeleton				骨架，构架，纲要
quarterly				季度的
textile				纺织品
textiles				纺织业
conception			概念，构思，受孕
jury							陪审团，评委会
murmur				连续低沉的声音，低声说
virus							病毒
gasp					喘气
fatal							致命的，灾难性的
altitude								海拔，纬度
outdo				胜过
opinion							看法，观点，评价
decay				腐烂，破损，衰退
audit				审计，审查
forthcoming				即将到来的，可得到的，乐于助人的
anthology				选集
yarn					纱线，离奇故事
plaintive				悲伤的
\\\\\\\\

vt. 屠杀大量人口:
n. [C, U]（尤指以残忍的方式）杀害很多人，即屠杀:
n. [C, U] [非正式] 运动或比赛、竞争中的惨败:
The game was a 10–0 massacre for our team. 这场比赛我们队以0:
vt. [非正式] 在运动或比赛、竞争中使某人惨败:
massacre |[ˈmæsəkə(r)]
300 civilians are believed to have been massacred by the rebels. 据信有300位平民被叛乱分子残杀。
Troops indiscriminately massacred the defenceless population. 军队肆无忌惮地屠杀手无寸铁的民众。
the bloody massacre of innocent civilians 对无辜平民的血腥屠杀 
Nobody survived the massacre. 这次大屠杀无人幸免。

If something wavers, it shakes with very slight movements or changes. 摇摆
If you waver, you cannot decide about something or you consider changing your mind about something. 犹豫不决; 踌躇
waver |英 ['weɪvə]  美 ['wevɚ]| vi. 摇曳；踌躇；摆动/n. 动摇；踌躇；挥动者/
The shadows of the dancers wavered continually.舞者的身影摇摆不停。
Some military commanders wavered over whether to support the coup.一些军队指挥官对是否支持政变犹豫不决。


Something that is decrepit is old and in bad condition. Someone who is decrepit is old and weak. 破旧的; 衰老的
decrepit |英 [dɪ'krepɪt]  美 [dɪ'krɛpɪt]| adj. 衰老的；破旧的/
The film had been shot in a decrepit old police station.这部电影拍摄地点在一个破旧的老警察站。


n. [C]（也可用非正式的home loan）从银行（或类似机构）借出的一笔用于购置房产、土地等的款项（需要在一定年限内还清），即房屋抵押贷款，也可叫按揭贷款。可指此种钱款，也可指此种按揭贷款协议:
vt.（根据按揭贷款协议向银行等机构）抵押（房产、土地等）:
mortgage |[ˈmɔ:gɪdʒ;美ˈmɔ:rg-]
an increase in mortgage rates 房屋抵押贷款利率的提高 
a mortgage on the house 一项房产按揭 
a mortgage of £60 000 6万英镑的按揭贷款 
monthly mortgage repayments 每月偿还的按揭贷款 
big, huge mortgage 大笔按揭贷款 
small mortgage 小额按揭 
Banks often offer their employees cheap mortgages. 银行经常给员工提供低息按揭贷款。
reverse mortgage（美）反向抵押 
fixed-rate mortgage 固定利率按揭 
home, residential mortgage 住房抵押贷款；住宅抵押贷款 
He raised the money by taking out a second mortgage on his house. 他通过对自己的房屋办理二次抵押筹集了这笔钱。
We have a big mortgage. 我们得到了一大笔按揭贷款。
They were having trouble getting a mortgage. 他们办理按揭货款遇到了困难。
We'll have to take out a second mortgage to pay for this wedding! 我们将不得不办理第二笔按揭来支付婚礼费用! 
He wasn't earning enough to pay the mortgage. 他挣的钱不够还按揭。
There are penalties if you want to redeem your mortgage early. 如果你想提前还清按揭贷款，需要交违约金。
They fell behind with/on their mortgage, so their home was repossessed.（on为美式用法；with为英式用法）他们没有按时还按揭款，所以房子被收走了。
mortgage payment, mortgage repayment（英）按揭偿付；按揭还款 
They were struggling to keep up with their mortgage payments. 他们千方百计按时偿付按揭款。
mortgage application 抵押贷款申请 
mortgage loan 抵押贷款 
mortgage credit 抵押信贷 
mortgage debt抵押债务 
mortgage business, mortgage industry, mortgage market 抵押贷款业务；抵押贷款行业；抵押贷款市场 
mortgage broker, mortgage company, mortgage lender 按揭经纪人；按揭公司；按揭放贷者 
mortgage finance抵押融资 
mortgage product 抵押产品 
mortgage insurance 住房抵押贷款保险 
mortgage portfolio抵押资产组合 
mortgage refinancing 转按揭 
I couldn't get a mortgage on the property. 我未办成该房产的按揭。
He had to mortgage his house to pay his legal costs. 他不得不把房子抵押出去来付诉讼费。
They had to mortgage their home to pay the bills. 他们不得不抵押房屋借贷来支付这些款项。
mortgaged homes 按揭房

n. [C]（有少量事实依据但未被完全证实的）假说，假设:
n. [U] 凭空的猜测、猜想:
hypothesis |[haɪˈpɒθəsɪs;美-ˈpɑ:θ-]
Scientists have proposed a bold hypothesis. 科学家提出了一个大胆的假设。
Different hypotheses have been put forward to explain why these foods are more likely to cause problems. 人们已经提出不同的假说来解释为什么这些食物更有可能带来问题。
A number of hypotheses have been put forward. 已经提出了几个假说。
Work will now begin to test the hypothesis in rats. 现在将开始在老鼠身上做实验以验证该假设。
These observations appear to support our working hypothesis. 这些观察结果看来与我们暂时的假设一致。
scientific hypothesis 科学假说 
It is possible to make a hypothesis on the basis of this graph. 以这张图表为基础做出假设是可能的。
None of the hypotheses can be rejected at this stage. 在现阶段，任何一个假设都不能排除。
Her hypothesis concerns the role of electromagnetic radiation. 她的假说涉及到电磁辐射的作用。
The hypothesis predicts that children will perform better on task A than on task B. 这一假设预计孩子们完成任务A将比完成任务B更出色。
Her study is based on the hypothesis that language simplification is possible. 她的研究基于语言可以简化这样一个假设。
an interesting hypothesis about the development of language 关于语言发展的一个有趣假说 
a hypothesis about the function of dreams 关于梦的作用的假说 
The results confirmed his hypothesis on the use of modal verbs. 结果证实了他的关于情态动词用法的假设。
It would be pointless to engage in hypothesis before we have the facts. 在我们还没掌握事实的情况下瞎猜是毫无意义的。

det. 1 与复数名词连用，名词前可用the、this、that、my、her、his等，也可用数词。表示全部，所有，一切:
2 与不可数名词连用，名词前可用the、this、that、my、her、his等，表示全部，所有，一切:
3 只由一种事物组成的，或看起来只由一种事物组成的，即唯一；全是；仅仅:
4 无论什么，任何:
pron. 1 全部；所有；全体；一切等:
2 后常接不带that的关系从句（有时也可带that），指唯一的事物；所有的事物；一切:
det. 与单数名词连用，表示某事在某段时间内一直（或持续）发生，即全部的，整个的:
adv. 体育运动或比赛、游戏中可指各方，每方:
adv. 完全地:
adv. 1 [非正式] 很，非常，十分:
2 all too ... 用于表示某事超过某人的预期，即太，过分等:
det. 最大可能的，如极度，尽量:
all |[ɔ:l]
All horses are animals, but not all animals are horses. 所有的马都是动物，但并不是所有的动物都是马。
All my plants have died. 我的花草全死光了。
All wood tends to shrink. 所有的木头都会收缩。
You’ve had all the fun and I’ve had all the hard work. 所有的快乐都让你享受了，所有的辛苦都让我尝尽了。
He has lost all his money. 他失去了所有的钱。
The magazine was all advertisements. 这份杂志全是广告。
She was all smiles. 她笑容满面。
All of the food has gone. 食物全光了。
They all enjoyed it. 他们都喜欢。
His last movie was best of all. 他最近的那部电影是他所有电影中最好的。
All is silent on the island now. 现在这个岛上一片寂静。
All I want is peace and quiet. 我只要和平安宁。
It was all that I had. 那就是我所拥有的一切。
He’s worked hard all year. 他一年到头都在辛勤劳动。
She was unemployed for all that time. 那段时间她一直失业。
The score was four all. 比分是四比四平。
She was dressed all in white. 她穿一身白。
He lives all alone. 他索居独处。
The coffee went all over my skirt. 咖啡溅了我一裙子。
She was all excited. 她非常激动。
Now don’t get all upset about it. 别再为那件事那么难过了。
I’m all too aware of the problems. 我实在太明白这些问题了。
The end of the trip came all too soon. 这次旅行结束得未免太早了。   
In all honesty, I can’t agree. 说实在的，我不能同意。

n. [U] finance (for sth) 用于运营企业或项目、开展活动的资金（美式英语通常用financing）:
vt. 为一个项目提供资金，与fund近义:
n. [U]（尤指政府或商业组织）管理资金的活动，即金融、财务、财政:
n. [C] finances 复数表示对于一个人、组织或国家来说可用的资金；还可指管理上述资金的方式。即财务状况:
finance |['faɪnæns]
cheap finance 低息贷款 
private, public finance 私人资金；公共资金 
equity finance 股本融资 
housing, mortgage finance 住房贷款；按揭贷款 
the finance for education available to local government 当地政府可用的教育资金 
to provide finance for the project 为该项目提供资金 
a source of finance 资金来源 
privately, publicly finance 私人出资；公共出资 
the money needed to finance the redevelopment 再开发所需要的资金 
The project was financed jointly by the Chinese and British governments. 该项目由中英两国政府联合出资。
He took a job to finance his stay in Germany. 他找了一份工作以赚钱支付在德国的费用。
a diploma in banking and finance 银行与金融学文凭 
international finance 国际金融 
finance company 金融公司 
finance industry 金融业 
company finance 公司财务 
personal finance 个人财务 
finance director 财务总监 
government, public, state finance 政府财政；公共财政；国家财政 
finance officer 财政官员 
company finances 公司财力 
government, public, state finances 政府财力；公共财力；国家财力 
family, personal, private finances 家庭经济状况；个人经济状况 
the state of sb’s finances 某人的财务状况 
tight finances 紧张的财务状况 
to plan your finances for a comfortable life 安排资金以便过上舒服的生活 
The company’s finances are (in) a mess. 该公司的财务状况一团糟。
We don’t have the finances to throw a big party. 我们没钱举办大型聚会。

vt. 以某种方式来对待或处理…:
vt. take sth (from sb) 夺取或占领一个地方，抓住一个人，控制住某事物:
vt. 经历…，或受到…影响。常经历的是坏事:
vt. 写下，记录:
vt. take sth (as sth) 以某种方式来理解、考虑:
vt. take sb/sth for sb/sth/to be sb/sth 把…看作…，尤指错误地看作（或认为）:
vt. 因…而需要或要求:
vt. 能够忍受，容忍。是一个简单用词:
vt. 有足够的空间而装得下，容纳:
vt.＆vi. 需要一定的时间，耗费时间:
vi. 起作用，行得通，成功:
take (sb) sth 将某物从一地带到另一地:
2 把人从一地带到另一地:
3 将…从一个水平、情况等带到（或推向）另一个水平、情况等:
4 未经允许或由于失误而将…拿走或带走:
vt. 1 伸出手或胳膊去控制住某物或某人，即拿，握，取，接，抱等。既可表示一种持续的状态（且常表示在“抓住”等这类瞬间动作之后的一种持续掌控的状态），也可表示一种瞬间的结果（即某人先抓住某东西，然后瞬间将其掌控住）。其过程常包含了catch和hold:
2 拥有某种感情，持有某种观点或态度:
vt. 就任某个职位，处于某种状态:
vt. 将…从某地或某人处移开:
vt. 用投票或调查等方式来获取民意:
vt. 与名词连用，表示某人的动作、举动等:
vt. 1 采取行动或措施（以应对某一问题或达到某一目标）。是一个简单用词，但很常用:
2 采用某种形式:
vt.（机器等）使用…而运转（或工作）:
vt. 吃，喝，服用等。是一个简单用词:
vt. 穿某个尺码的鞋或衣服。是一个简单用词:
n. [C] 不停机一次连续拍摄的场景或镜头:
vt. 计量中可指量取或测定…。是一个简单用词:
take A away 数学中可指减去，相当于subtract:
vt. take sth (as sth) 以某种方式来理解、考虑。是一个简单用词:
n. [C] take on sth 某人对某事所持有的观点、看法，是一种非正式用法:
vt. 越过，跨过，绕过，跳过:
vt. 就座或占座:
vt. 1 采取行动或措施（以应对某一问题或达到某一目标）。是一个简单用词，但很常用:
2 采用某种形式:
vt.（机器等）使用…而运转（或工作）:
vt. 选中，买下，或租用:
vt. 接受或收到。是一个简单用词，日常生活中较常用:
vt. take sth from sth/out of sth 从某个来源中获得…:
vt. 接待顾客、患者等。其实其本义是“接收”某人，是一个较中性的词，而不太用于社交场合。是一个简单用词:
vt. 服用:
vt. 体育比赛中的运动员从一个固定（或被各方同意的）位置踢出或扔出球:
vt. 给…拍照，摄影。是一个简单用词，日常生活中比较常用:
n. [C] 某人所收到的一笔钱，尤指商业行为在一段时间内的收入，即收入额，或称为进项，通常用单数，是一种非正式用法。语义上相当于takings:
vt. 定期购买报纸或杂志，为正式用法。词义上为subscribe所包含，但take更强调该订阅对象是一种被“选定”的结果:
vt. 学习（课程）。也是一个简单用词，不太常用，不过比do常用:
vt. 参加考试或测验。为此义的常规用词:
take sth 授课或主持宗教活动:
vt. 乘坐交通工具，走某条道路:
vt.（动词、名词等用于句子或其他结构中时）有或需要…:
take |[teɪk]
He took the criticism surprisingly well. 他对待这一批评的态度竟意外地好。
These threats are not to be taken lightly. 这些威胁可不能等闲视之。
She took it in the spirit in which it was intended. 她根据其精神实质来认识此事。
Harry took his rejection philosophically. 哈里达观地看待自己被拒的事。
I wanted to be taken seriously as an artist. 我希望别人真正视我为艺术家。
The rebels succeeded in taking the town. 反叛者攻占了那个城镇。
The state has taken control of the company. 政府已经接管了这家公司。
The rebels took him prisoner. 反叛者把他俘虏了。
The school took the full force of the explosion. 爆炸的全部破坏力都集中在这所学校。
Can the ropes take the strain? 这些绳子能承受住这一张力吗？
The team took a terrible beating. 这个队遭到惨败。
The police officer took my name and address. 警察记下了我的姓名和地址。
Did you take notes in the class? 你在课堂上做了笔记吗？
She took what he said as a compliment. 她把他说的看作是称赞。
How am I supposed to take that remark? 我应该怎么理解那话的意思？
Taken overall, the project was a success. 总的看来，这个项目是成功的。
Even the experts took the painting for a genuine Van Gogh. 连行家都误以为这幅画是凡·高的真迹。
Of course I didn’t do it! What do you take me for (= what sort of person do you think I am)? 那当然不是我干的！你把我当成什么人啦？
I took the man with him to be his father. 我误以为和他在一起的那个男人是他父亲。
It only takes one careless driver to cause an accident. 只要有一个粗心大意的司机便会发生车祸。
It doesn’t take much to make her angry. 她动辄就发脾气。
She can’t take criticism. 她受不了批评。
I don’t think I can take much more of this heat. 我觉得再也忍受不了这种高温了。
I find his attitude a little hard to take. 我觉得他的态度有点儿令人难以接受。
The bus can take 60 passengers. 这辆公共汽车可容纳60名乘客。
The tank takes 50 litres. 这罐能装50升。
It takes about half an hour to get to the airport. 到机场大概需要半小时。
That cut is taking a long time to heal. 那伤口需要很长时间才能愈合。
I need a shower--I won’t take long. 我要冲个澡，用不了多长时间。
The skin graft failed to take. 皮肤移植未能成功。
vt. 1 take sth (with you) 
take sth (to sb) 
I forgot to take my bag with me. 我忘了拿包。
Take this to the bank for me, would you? 请替我把这送到银行去好吗？
Shall I take a gift to my host family? 我要不要给主人家带件礼物呢？
I’ll take you by car. 我开车送你去。
A boy took us to our room. 服务员带我们到房间。
I’m taking the kids swimming later. 我待会儿带孩子们去游泳。
Her talent took her to the top of her profession. 她凭着天赋的才能达到了事业的顶峰。
The new loan takes the total debt to $100 000. 加上这笔新贷款，负债总额达到10万美元。
I’d like to take my argument a stage further. 我想把我的论点进行进一步的发挥。
He believes he has the skills to take the club forward. 他相信他有能力使俱乐部继续发展。
We’ll take the matter forward at our next meeting. 我们将在下一次会议上进一步讨论这个问题。
Someone has taken my scarf. 有人把我的围巾拿走了。
Did the burglars take anything valuable? 入室窃贼偷走了贵重的东西没有？
The storms took the lives of 50 people.（比喻用法）这场暴风雨夺走了50人的生命。
I passed him the rope and he took it. 我把绳子递给他，他接了过去。
He took her hand. 他拉着她的手。
She took the child in her arms and kissed him. 她把孩子搂在怀里亲吻他。
to take interest in … 对…感兴趣 
Don’t take offence (= be offended) at what I said. 我讲的话你别见怪。
I took a dislike to him. 我对他产生了反感。
He takes the view that children are responsible for their own actions. 他的观点是孩子应对自己的行为负责。
The new President takes office in January. 新总统将于一月份就职。
Will you take your books off the table? 把你的书从桌子上拿走好吗？
The sign must be taken down. 这个指示牌一定要摘下来。
He took some keys out of his pocket. 他从口袋里取出几把钥匙。
My name had been taken off the list. 我的名字从名单上划掉了。
The new sports centre will take the pressure off the old one.（比喻用法）新的体育运动中心将减轻老体育运动中心的压力。
to take a vote, to take poll, to take survey 付诸表决；进行民意测验；进行调查
to take a step 迈步 
to take a bath 洗澡 
to take a look 看一看 
to take a drink 喝一口 
to take a deep breath 深吸一口气 
to take a rest 休息一下 
to take a decision 做出决定
The government is taking action to combat drug abuse. 政府正在采取措施，打击毒品滥用。
We need to take a different approach to the problem. 我们应该采用另一种方法来解决这一问题。
Our next class will take the form of a debate. 我们下一堂课将采用辩论的形式。
All new cars take unleaded petrol. 所有的新汽车都加无铅汽油。
Do you take sugar in your coffee? 你的咖啡里要放糖吗？
The doctor has given me some medicine to take for my cough. 医生已给我开了治咳嗽的药吃。
He started taking drugs at college. 他上大学时开始吸毒。
What size shoes do you take? 你穿多大号的鞋？
We managed to get it right in just two takes. 我们仅拍了两个镜头就把这部分戏拍好了。
to take sb’s temperature 给某人量体温 
to take blood pressure 量血压
vt. take A (away) from B 
Take 5 from 12 and you’re left with 7. 12减5，剩7。
80 take away 5 is 75.（非正式用法）80减去5等于75。
How am I supposed to take that remark? 我应该怎么理解那话的意思？
What’s his take on the plan? 他对这项计划有什么意见？
a new take on the Romeo and Juliet story (= a way of presenting it) 对《罗密欧与朱丽叶》故事的重新演绎
The horse took the first fence well. 那匹马轻快地跃过了第一道栅栏。
He takes bends much too fast. 他拐弯时车开得太快。
Are these seats taken? 这些座位有人吗？
Come in and take a seat. 进来坐下。
The government is taking action to combat drug abuse. 政府正在采取措施，打击毒品滥用。
We need to take a different approach to the problem. 我们应该采用另一种方法来解决这一问题。
Our next class will take the form of a debate. 我们下一堂课将采用辩论的形式。
All new cars take unleaded petrol. 所有的新汽车都加无铅汽油。
I’ll take the grey jacket. 我要那件灰色夹克衫。
to take the job, to take bribes, to take a call, to take the blame for sb, to take advice 接受这份工作；收受贿赂；接电话；代人受过；接受劝告 
Does the hotel take credit cards? 这家旅馆接受信用卡付款吗？
Will you take $10 for the book? 这本书10美元你卖吗？
The store took $100 000 last week. 这家商店上星期的营业额为10万美元。
She took the news of her father’s death very badly. 她难以接受父亲去世的噩耗。
Stop crying and take it like a man! 别哭了，像个爷们儿！
to take water samples 采水样 
Part of her article is taken straight (= copied) out of my book. 她的文章有一部分是从我的书中抄来的。
The machine takes its name from its inventor. 这机器是根据发明者的姓名命名的。
The school doesn’t take boys. 这所学校不收男生。
The dentist can’t take any new patients. 这位牙科医生接待不了新患者了。
to take medicine 服药 
He started taking drugs (= illegal drugs) at college. 他上大学时开始吸毒。
to take a penalty, to take a free kick, to take a corner 罚点球；罚任意球；开角球
to take a photograph of sb/sth 给（某人或某物）拍照 
to have your picture taken 让人给你拍照
How much is my share of the take? 我的那一份收入是多少？
We take the ‘Express’. 我们订阅的是《快报》。
to take a computer course 修一门计算机课程 
How many subjects are you taking this year? 你今年修多少门课？
to take driving test 参加驾驶执照考试
vt. take sb (for sth) 
The head teacher usually takes us for French. 校长通常给我们上法语课。
to take the bus 乘公共汽车 
to take the coast road 走海滨公路 
Take the second road on the right. 第二个路口向右拐。
The verb ‘rely’ takes the preposition ‘on’. 动词rely需要和介词on连用。

When a government or state legislates, it passes a new law. 通过 (法律); 立法
legislate |英 ['ledʒɪsleɪt]  美 ['lɛdʒɪslet]| vt. 用立法规定；通过立法/vi. 立法；制定法律/
You cannot legislate to change attitudes.你不能靠立法来让人们改变态度。
Most member countries have already legislated against excessive overtime.大部分成员国已经立法禁止过度加班。


vt.&vi. [正式]（液体、气体、气味等）扩散、弥漫、渗透到一个物体或地方的各个部分:
vt.&vi. [正式]（气体、气味等）扩散、弥漫到一个物体或地方的各个部分:
vt.&vi. [正式]（思想、感情、态度、影响等）影响某事物的各个部分，即感染、传播、扩散:
permeate |[ˈpɜ:mieɪt;美ˈpɜ:rm-]
rainwater permeating through the ground 渗入地下的雨水 
Eventually, the water will permeate through the surrounding concrete. 最终，水会渗透进周围的混凝土中。
The smell of leather permeated the room. 屋子里弥漫着皮革的气味。
The smell of roast beef permeated the air. 空气中弥漫着烤牛肉的香味。
The smell of leather permeated the room. 屋子里弥漫着皮革的气味。
The smell of roast beef permeated the air. 空气中弥漫着烤牛肉的香味。
a belief that permeates all levels of society 深入社会各阶层的一种信念 
Dissatisfaction among the managers soon permeated down to members of the workforce. 管理人员的不满情绪很快传染给了全体职工。
Bias against women permeates every level of the judicial system. 司法体制中各个层面都有歧视女性的现象。
An obvious change of attitude at the top will permeate through the system. 上级态度的明显改变将影响到整个体制。
Technology permeates the whole of our lives. 技术渗透进我们生活的方方面面。

n. [C] 实心事物的洞、窟窿、腔:
n. [C] 龋齿的洞:
cavity |[ˈkævəti]
chest, abdominal cavity 胸腔；腹腔       

adj. 1 易于看到或易于理解的，即明显的:
2（形状或颜色）清晰的、分明的:
adj.（颜色）清晰的:
~ (that…)（一个人对别人说某事时）对某事的真实性表示肯定、有把握，或表示此事必然会发生:
adj. 1 ~ (that…)（决定或安排）确定的、肯定的、不可能改变的:
2（证据或信息）确凿的、确切的:
n. [sing.] [非正式] 你确信会发生的事；肯定会做某事的人:
definite |[ˈdefɪnət]
The look on her face was a definite sign that something was wrong. 一看她的神色就知道出事了。
There was a definite feeling that things were getting worse. 人们明显感到事情越来越糟。
There has already been a definite improvement. 已经有了显著的改进。
That's a very definite possibility. 那是很有可能的。
Studying his face in the bathroom mirror he wished he had more definite features. 看着浴室镜子中的脸，他真希望自己的五官能够更分明一些。
I'm definite about this. 我对这事非常肯定。
Can you give me a definite answer by tomorrow? 你最晚明天能给我一个确定的答复吗？
Is it definite that he's leaving? 他肯定要离开吗？
a definite offer of a job 明确给予一份工作 
They have very definite ideas on how to bring up children. 关于如何培养孩子，他们有非常明确的想法。
Her Royal Highness has definite views about most things. 女王陛下对大多数事情都有明确的观点。
We didn't have any definite proof. 我们没有任何确实的证据。
If you have any definite news of my husband, please let me know. 如果有我丈夫的确切消息，请一定告诉我。
I've heard rumours, but nothing definite. 我听到一些流言，但都不确定。
I'm not sure─I can find out for definite if you like. 我没把握——如果你愿意我可以去核实。
‘We're moving our office to Glasgow. ’ ‘That's a definite, is it? ’ “我们的办事处要搬到格拉斯哥去。”“这事儿定了，是吗？” 
‘Is Sarah coming to the party? ’ ‘Yes, she's a definite. ’ “萨拉要来参加聚会吗？”“是的，她肯定来。”

n. [sing.] ~ staff, crew, etc. 做某事所需的最少人员:
n. [C] [非正式] 骨瘦如柴的人或动物:
n. [C]（支撑人或动物的）骨骼、骨架；骨骼标本:
n. [usually sing.] 建筑物等的主体骨架、框架:
n. [usually sing.]（计划、文章等的）梗概、提纲、轮廓:
skeleton |[ˈskelɪtn]
There will only be a skeleton staff on duty over the holiday. 假期将只留必需的少数职员值班。
Only a skeleton staff remains to show anyone interested around the site. 只有一小部分必需的工作人员留在那里，带有兴趣的人参观遗址。
We managed to operate a skeleton bus service during the strike. 罢工期间，我们设法保持最起码的公共汽车营运。
The human skeleton consists of 206 bones. 人的骨骼由206块骨头组成。
dinosaur, fish skeleton 恐龙骨架；鱼骨架 
external, internal skeleton 外骨骼；内骨骼 
a partial skeleton of an undiscovered species 未知物种的部分骨架 
The other skeleton belonged to a young man. 另一具骨架是一名年轻男子的。            
Only the concrete skeleton of the factory remained. 厂房只剩下混凝土骨架了。
Only skeletons of buildings remained. 只剩下了建筑物的框架。
Examples were used to flesh out the skeleton of the argument. 通过例证使干巴巴的论点充实起来。
a skeleton of policy guidelines 政策纲领的概要

A quarterly is a magazine that is published four times a year, at intervals of three months. 季刊
Quarterly is also an adverb. 一年四次地; 每季地
A quarterly event happens four times a year, at intervals of three months. 一年四次的; 每季的
quarterly |英 ['kwɔːtəlɪ]  美 ['kwɔrtɚli]| adj. 季度的，按季度的；一年四次的/adv. 按季度，[农] 一季一次地；纵横四分地/n. 季刊/n. (Quarterly)人名；(英)夸特利/
The quarterly had been a forum for sound academic debate.这份季刊曾经是正统学术辩论的论坛。
It makes no difference whether dividends are paid quarterly or annually.红利是按季度还是按年度支付没有区别。
...the latest Bank of Japan quarterly survey of 5,000 companies.…日本银行对5000家公司最新的季度调查。


n. [C] 纺织品:
n. [pl.] textiles可指纺织业:
textile |[ˈtekstaɪl]
a factory producing a range of textiles 生产一系列纺织品的工厂 
decorative textiles for the home 家用装饰织品 
the Scottish textile industry 苏格兰纺织业 
textile designer 纺织品设计师 
textile business, textile company, textile factory, textile firm, textile manufacture, textile manufacturer, textile manufacturing, textile mill, textile trade, textile worker 纺织企业；纺织公司；纺织厂；纺织品生产；纺织品生产商；纺织制造业；纺织贸易；纺织工人 
textile exports 纺织品出口
Another 75,000 jobs will be lost in textiles and clothing. 纺织和服装业又要减少75,000个工作岗位。
She has a job in textiles. 她在纺织业工作。

Textiles are the industries concerned with the manufacture of cloth. 纺织业
Textiles are types of cloth or fabric, especially ones that have been woven. 纺织品
textiles |英/美 ['tekstail; -til]| n. 纺织品；[纺] 纺织业；纺织面料；纺织品类（textile的复数）/
Another 75,000 jobs will be lost in textiles and clothing.纺织业和制衣业又将失去7.5万个就业机会。
...decorative textiles for the home.…家用的装饰性纺织品。


n. 1 [U] 构思；构想；设想:
~ (that…) 理解（认为某事怎样或应该怎样）；观念；看法:
n. [C, U] 怀孕、受孕:
conception |[kənˈsepʃn]
The plan was brilliant in its conception but failed because of lack of money. 尽管这计划构想绝妙，但终因资金不足而告流产。
The symphony is admirable in conception. 这支交响乐的构思好极了。
The other fundamental consideration in the conception of a plan is function. 在构思设计图时要考虑的另一个基本因素是功能。
His work is strikingly fresh in conception. 他的作品构思非常新颖随。
Marx's conception of social justice 马克思对社会公平概念的理解 
He has no conception of how difficult life is if you're unemployed. 他不懂得失业后生活会是怎样的艰难。
You have no conception of what her life is like.你完全不了解她的生活是什么样子。
My conception of a garden was based on gardens I had visited in England. 我对花园的概念是基于我在英格兰观赏过的花园。
I see him as someone with not the slightest conception of teamwork. 我认为他丝毫没有团队意识。
We now have a clearer conception of the problem. 我们现在对这个问题有了更清楚的概念。
liberal conceptions of the role of the state 关于国家职责的开明观念 
Christian, Jewish conception 基督教思想；犹太教思想 
Saussure began developing his conception of linguistics in 1916. 索绪尔在1916年开始逐渐形成自己的语言学思想。
The Internet challenges traditional conceptions of copyright. 互联网对传统的版权概念形成挑战。
the moment of conception 受孕的一刻 
Six weeks after conception your baby is the size of your little fingernail. 怀孕六个星期后，胎儿的大小相当于小拇指的指甲。
Teenage conceptions have risen steadily in the last ten years. 过去十年中，少女怀孕的现象不断增多。
conception probability, conception rate 受孕概率；受胎率 
Sex identity is fixed at conception. 在受孕时婴儿的性别就确定了。

If you say that the jury is out or that the jury is still out on a particular subject, you mean that people in general have still not made a decision or formed an opinion about that subject. 尚无定论
makeshift 应急的
A jury is a group of people who choose the winner of a competition. (竞赛的) 评委会
In a court of law, the jury is the group of people who have been chosen from the general public to listen to the facts about a crime and to decide whether the person accused is guilty or not. 陪审团
jury |英 ['dʒʊərɪ]  美 ['dʒʊri]| n. [法] 陪审团；评判委员会/adj. 应急的/n. (Jury)人名；(西)胡里；(英、法)朱里；(德)尤里/
The jury is out on whether or not this is true.这是否属实尚无定论。
jury-rigged
I am not surprised that the jury chose to award this novel the prize.我并不惊讶于评委选择给这部小说颁奖。
The jury convicted Mr. Hampson of all offences.该陪审团裁定汉普森先生的全部罪名成立。


vi. [文学] ~ (against sb/sth) 私下抱怨某人或某事:
vi. 连续发出类似喃喃细语的声音:
n. [sing.]（也可用murmuring）从背景处接连传来的低沉声音:
vt.&vi.（难以听到或理解的）低声细语、喃喃细语:
n. 1 [C] 低语、喃喃细语:
2 [C]（也可用murmurings）情感的安静表达，如嘟哝、咕哝:
n. [C] [医学] 胸部的微弱杂音（通常是心脏病的迹象）:
murmur |[ˈmɜ:mə(r);美ˈmɜ:rm-]
The wind murmured in the trees. 风在树林中沙沙作响。
the distant murmur of traffic 远处传来的车辆的嘈杂声 
The piano music mixes with the murmur of conversation. 钢琴的弹奏声混杂着低低的交谈声。
I could hear the murmur of the sea. 我能听到大海的呢喃声。      
She murmured her agreement. 她低声表示同意。
He murmured something in his sleep. 他在睡梦里嘟囔了些什么。
She was murmuring in his ear. 她在他耳边悄声说话。
He turned and murmured something to the professor. 他转身对教授小声说了些什么。
She murmured a few words of support. 她小声说了几句支持的话。
‘What a fool I've been,’ he murmured softly.“我以前可真傻。”他轻声嘀咕道。
'Night, night,' she murmured sleepily. “晚——安——。”她睡意十足地低声说。
‘Mmm,’ she murmured appreciatively. 她赞赏地嗯了一声。
She heard him murmur something under his breath. 她听见他低声咕哝了几句。
He held her tight and murmured to her. 他紧紧搂住她，在她耳旁低语。
She answered in a faint murmur. 她低声应答。
They spoke in low murmurs. 他们低声说着话。
She gave a little murmur. 她低声咕哝了一句。
Murmurs of ‘Praise God’ went around the circle. 周围的人群发出了“赞美主”的低语声。
the murmur of voices 窃窃私语声 
a murmur of agreement, a murmur of approval, a murmur of complaint 表示同意的低语声；表示赞同的低语声；表示抱怨的低语声 
He paid the extra cost without a murmur (= without complaining at all). 他一声不吭地付了额外的花费。
They did as they were told, without a murmur. 他们一声不吭地照要求做了。
polite murmurings of gratitude 有礼貌地连连低声道谢 
He took the mug of coffee with a murmur of thanks. 他接过那杯咖啡，轻声道了谢。
The promise of some basic working rights draws murmurs of approval. 对一些基本工作权利的承诺引来一片低声的赞许。
Already there are murmurs of discontent. 已有一些不满的怨言。
a general murmur of assent 众人表示赞同的低语声 
He gave a little murmur of relief. 他轻轻地舒了一口气。
A murmur of excitement rippled through the audience. 观众一阵激动，发出窃窃私语声。
A murmur of amusement ran around the room. 轻轻的笑声在屋子里传开了。
The doctor said James had now developed a heart murmur. 医生说詹姆斯的心脏有杂音。

n. [C]（在人或动植物中能引起疾病的）病毒:
n. [C] 计算机病毒:
n. [C] [非正式] 由病毒引起的疾病，即病毒性疾病:
virus |['vaɪərəs]
flu virus 流感病毒 
virus infection 病毒感染 
deadly virus 致命的病毒
computer, email virus 计算机病毒；电子邮件病毒 
virus protection, virus scanning 病毒防护；病毒扫描
There was a virus going around the village. 那个村庄里流行着一种病毒性疾病。

vi. [英，非正式] be gasping (for sth) 非常想要或需要某事物（尤指饮料或香烟）:
vt.&vi. ~ (at sth)（尤指由于惊讶或疼痛而）张着嘴快速地深呼吸:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (out) 呼吸困难或说话困难（如气喘吁吁地说）:
n. [C]（常指由强烈情感引起的）快速的深呼吸:
gasp |[gɑ:sp;美gæsp]
She gasped at the wonderful view. 如此美景使她惊讶得屏住了呼吸。
She gasped at his boldness. 他的放肆令她倒抽一口气。
They gasped in astonishment at the news. 他们听到这消息惊讶得倒抽了一口气。
Denis almost gasped aloud in astonishment. 丹尼斯惊讶得差点儿大叫起来。
‘What was that noise? ’ he gasped. “那是什么声音？”他喘着气问。
She gasped for air and drew in a lungful of water. 她喘了口气，吸入了一大口水。
Her breath went and left her gasping for air. 她呼吸困难，大口喘着气。
I heard myself gasp and cry out. 我听到自己一边喘一边喊。
The cold made her gasp. 寒冷使得她倒抽了一口凉气。
‘No!’ she managed to gasp. “不！”她喘着气好不容易喊了出来。
She was gasping with pain. 她痛得直吸气。
the last gasp of a dying system of censorship（比喻用法）行将就木的审查制度的最终时刻 
He snatched a last gasp winner.（比喻用法）他在最后关头一举夺冠。
He came to the surface of the water gasping for air. 他浮出水面急促地喘着气。
She managed to gasp out her name. 她终于气喘吁吁地说出了她的名字。
big, great gasp 大口喘气；喘粗气 
little, short, small gasp 轻轻的喘气；短促的喘气；轻微的喘气 
quick, sharp, sudden 急促的喘气；剧烈的喘气；突然的吸气 
ragged gasp（尤美）急促的喘气 
audible, loud gasp 听得见的喘息声；大声的喘息 
shocked, startled, surprised gasp 惊愕的倒吸气 
strangled gasp 喘不过气 
involuntary gasp 不自主的呼吸 
You could hear a collective gasp from the audience. 你可以听到观众一齐发出惊叹。
The stunt brought shocked gasps from the audience. 特技表演引起了观众的惊呼。
He was taking in great gasps of air. 他大口大口地吸气。
‘Listen carefully,’ he said, between gasps of breath.“仔细听好了。”他喘着气说。
He leant against the railing, his breath coming in short gasps. 他倚着栏杆，急促地喘着气。
She gave a little gasp of delight. 她欣喜地喘了一口气。
to give a gasp of horror, to give a gasp of surprise, to give a gasp of relief 惊恐得倒吸一口气；吃惊得倒吸一口气；如释重负地松一口气 
An audible gasp went round the court as the jury announced the verdict. 陪审团宣布判决的时候，听到法庭上有人倒抽了一口气。
She gave a small gasp of pain. 她疼得吸了一小口气。

adj. 1（事故或疾病）导致死亡的，即致命的、致死的:
2（行为）导致灾难或失败的，如灾难性的:
fatal |[ˈfeɪtl]
fatal accident, fatal blow, fatal illness 致命的事故；致命的一击；致命的疾病 
a potentially fatal form of cancer 潜在致死型癌症 
If she gets ill again it could prove fatal. 如果她再患病，就会有性命之忧。
the fatal stabbing of a police sergeant 对警官致命的一刺 
A hospital spokesman said she had suffered a fatal heart attack. 医院发言人说她死于心脏病发作。
He has not driven since his nearly fatal accident earlier this year.（nearly fatal尤为美式用法；英式用near-fatal）自从今年较早时那次差点儿丧命的车祸之后，他就没有开过车。
The disease is potentially fatal. 这种疾病可能会致命。
This kind of accident is almost always fatal for the pilot. 飞行员遇到这类事故，几乎无一幸免于难。
a chemical which is invariably fatal to small mammals 对小型哺乳动物无一例外会致命的一种化学品 
fatal error, fatal mistake 灾难性的错误 
Any delay would be fatal. 任何延误都可能导致失败。
There was a fatal flaw in the plan. 计划中有一个致命的缺陷。
It'd be fatal to try and stop them now. 现在要试图制止他们就会导致灾难性后果。
It would clearly be fatal for Europe to quarrel seriously with America. 欧洲若与美国反目显然会有致命的后果。
He made the fatal mistake of compromising early. 他犯了过早妥协的致命错误。
a possibly fatal setback to his plans 可能导致他计划完全失败的因素 
Her disregard of this advice was ultimately fatal. 她不听这个建议，结局是灾难性的。
Tax increases have proved fatal to the nation's business community. 事实已证明，加税对该国的企业界造成了致命打击。

n. [C, usually sing.] 高出海平面的高度，即海拔高度。是此义的常规用词:
n. [C, usually pl., U] 海拔高的一个地方:
altitude |['æltɪtju:d]
We are flying at an altitude of 6 000 metres. 我们的飞行高度是6000米。
high altitude 高海拔 
The plane suddenly started to lose altitude. 飞机突然开始下降。
high altitudes 高海拔地区 
It’s harder to breaths at altitude. 在高海拔地区呼吸更加困难。
altitude sickness 高山病 
altitude training 高原训练

You use not to be outdone to introduce an action which someone takes in response to a previous action. 不甘落后
If you outdo someone, you are a lot more successful than they are at a particular activity. 超过
outdo |英 [aʊt'duː]  美 [,aʊt'du]| vt. 超过；胜过/
She wore a lovely tiara but the groom, not to be outdone, had on a very smart embroidered waistcoat.她戴着一个漂亮的冕状头饰，而新郎也不甘示弱，穿了一件很潇洒的刺绣马甲。
It was important for me to outdo them, to feel better than they were.对我来说重要的是超过他们，感觉比他们更好。


n. [C] 一位专业人士所给出的建议或意见:
opinion (that ...) 对某人或某事物（而非对一个事实）的意见、想法、看法。是此义的常规用词:
2 [U]（一个群体的）观点或信念、信仰:
opinion |[ə'pɪnjən]
They called in a psychologist to give an independent opinion. 他们征询一位心理学家的独立意见。
I’d like a second opinion (= advice from another person) before I make a decision. 我在做决定之前，想听听别人的意见。
to give opinions 提出意见 
I’ve recently changed my opinion of her. 我最近改变了对她的看法。
Everyone had an opinion on the subject. 大家对这个问题都有自己的看法。
in my opinion 依我看 
Opinion is divided on the issue. 大家在这件事情上存在分歧。
There is a wide body of opinion that supports this proposal. 支持这项提议的大有人在。
world opinion 国际舆论 
expert, professional opinion 专家观点；专业观点 
academic, legal, political opinion 学术界观点；法律界观点；政界观点 
opinion poll 民意测验 
opinion leader 舆论引导者

vi.（建筑、地方等）破败，衰落，衰败:
n. [U]（建筑物、地方等的）破败:
n. [U]（社会、机构、制度等的）衰败，衰退，衰落:
vi.（社会、制度、机构等）衰败，衰退，衰落（即人、社会等的影响力减弱）:
vt.&vi.（使）通过自然过程而腐烂:
n. [U] 因自然原因或未得到照料而腐烂:
decay |[dɪˈkeɪ]
decaying inner city areas 衰败中的旧城区
The landlord had let the building fall into decay. 房东不管，房子已经破烂不堪。
industrial decay（尤英）工业衰败 
urban decay 城市衰落 
economic decay 经济衰退 
moral, social decay 道德败坏；社会衰落          
Popular cinema seems to have decayed. 大众电影似乎已经衰落了。
Congress has tried dozens of approaches to revitalize decaying urban and rural areas. 国会已试行过数十种方法来重振正在走向衰败的城乡地区。
decaying standards of morality 日趋低下的道德标准          
decaying leaves, decaying teeth, decaying food 烂叶；蛀齿；腐烂食物 
The bodies buried in the fine ash slowly decayed. 埋在灰烬里的尸体慢慢地腐烂了。
The ground was scattered with decaying leaves. 地上满是腐败的落叶。
dental（尤英）, tooth decay 蛀牙 
My dentist could not find any signs of decay. 牙医没发现我的牙齿有任何蛀牙的迹象。
Smoking accelerates age-related decay in the heart and arteries. 吸烟加速心脏和动脉的老化。
The wood is treated with preservative to prevent decay. 这块木头用防腐剂作过防腐处理。
The smell of death and decay hung over the town. 城市上空弥漫着死亡和腐烂的气息。
physical decay 身体衰弱

vt. 对公司的账目进行审计:
n. [C, U] 工商业的审计（如财务审计、税务审计）:
n. [C, U] 对质量或标准的官方检查或审查:
vt. [美] 旁听大学课程:
audit |[ˈɔ:dɪt]
Each year they audit our accounts and certify them as being true and fair. 他们每年对我们进行账务审核，以确保其真实无误。
an annual audit 年度审计 
a tax audit 税项审计 
audit committee 审计委员会 
audit firm 审计公司 
audit report 审计报告

adj. [名词前不可用] 乐于提供关于某事的信息的:
adj. [只用于名词前] 即将发生的、即将出版等的:
adj. [名词前不可用]（被需要的时候）随时可用的、随时准备好的，相当于available:
forthcoming |[ˌfɔ:θˈkʌmɪŋ;美ˌfɔ:rθ-]
She's never very forthcoming about her plans. 她一直不很愿意说出自己的计划。
She wasn't very forthcoming about where she'd been. 她不太愿意讲她去了哪里。
the forthcoming elections 即将举行的选举 
the band's forthcoming UK tour 乐队即将在英国的巡回演出 
a list of forthcoming books 近期将出版书籍的目录
Financial support was not forthcoming. 财政支援尚未到手。
Help was immediately forthcoming. 援助稍后即到。
They promised that the money would be forthcoming. 他们承诺钱会到位。
We must first see some real evidence. So far it has not been forthcoming. 我们必须先看到一些实证，而到目前为止并没有看到。

n. [C]（不同作家的作品的）选集:
anthology |[ænˈθɒlədʒi;美-ˈθɑ:l-]
an anthology of poetry 诗歌选集 
literary anthology 文学选集 
horror, poetry, short-story anthology 恐怖作品选集；诗集；短篇小说选集 
We have put together an anthology of children's poetry. 我们已经汇编了一本儿童诗选集。
The essay first appeared in an anthology of feminist criticism. 这篇文章最早出现在一本女权主义批评选集上。

n. [U]（纺出来的，用于编织、制作布料等的）纱线:
n. [C] [非正式]（尤指夸张的或编造的、经过添油加醋的）长故事:
yarn |[jɑ:n;美jɑ:rn]
She still spins the yarn and knits sweaters for her family. 她仍然纺纱为家人织毛线衫。
vegetable-dyed yarns 用植物染料染过色的纱线 
cotton, synthetic, wool yarn 棉纱；人造纱；羊毛纱 
The yarn is woven into a coarse fabric. 纱线被织成了粗布。
The yarn has to be threaded through the needle. 得把纱线穿进针去。
There's a knot in the yarn. 纱线上有个结。
He went on to spin an entertaining yarn about his army days. 他接着给我们杜撰了一个关于他当兵时的有趣故事。
Galton's life makes a rattling good yarn. 高尔顿的人生就是一个扣人心弦的绝妙故事。
adventure, seafaring yarn 冒险故事；航海故事 
He tried to spin us some yarn about how he was collecting for the church. It was all lies. 他试图给我们编一个他如何为教会募捐的故事。那全都是谎言。

A plaintive sound or voice sounds sad. (声音或嗓音) 哀伤的
plaintive |英 ['pleɪntɪv]  美 ['plentɪv]| adj. 哀伤的；悲哀的/
They lay on the firm sands, listening to the plaintive cry of the seagulls.他们躺在坚实的沙滩上，听着海鸥的哀鸣。

