seclude				隔离
heighten				加高，增强
predecessor			前任
aboriginal			土著的，本地的
chronological			按时间先后顺序排列的
assault					袭击，冲击
sober				未醉的，严肃的，冷静的
implement						工具，实施
quiver						发抖，颤抖
ostentation			炫耀
compulsory				必修的
hike					远足，大幅度上升，拉起
tackle							处理，阻截
legislation							法律
estate				庄园，财产，人生阶段，政体阶级
interrogate			审讯，查询
plummet				坠落，暴跌
roll								使滚动，转动，弄翻，翻滚，花名册
assimilate					吸收，同化
harsh							严厉的，恶劣的，刺眼的
recall					召回，回忆起，使...恢复
electronics				电子学，电子器件
abbreviation				缩写
flee							逃跑
numb									失去知觉的，麻木的
crude						粗鲁的，粗略的，粗糙的
metropolitan					大都市的，本土的
notable						著名的，重大的
treble						三倍的
propagate						繁殖，传播
\\\\\\\\


seclude |英 [sɪ'kluːd]  美 [sɪ'klud]| vt. 使隔离，使隔绝/



vt.&vi.（使）（情感）加强，提高，增加:
heighten |[ˈhaɪtn]
Tension has heightened after the recent bomb attack. 最近的炸弹袭击之后，情势更加紧张。
The move has heightened tension in the state. 该举动加剧了州里的紧张气氛。
These latest murders have heightened fears of further attacks. 最近发生的这些谋杀案让人们愈加担心会出现更多的袭击。
The campaign is intended to heighten public awareness of the disease. 这场运动的目的是使公众更加了解这种疾病。
This latest attack has greatly heightened fears of an all-out war. 最近的袭击事件大大加剧了人们对爆发全面战争的恐慌。
Seeing others enjoying themselves only served to heighten his sense of loneliness. 看到别人开心快乐的样子反倒让他更觉孤独。

The predecessor of an object or machine is the object or machine that came before it in a sequence or process of development. 前一代
Your predecessor is the person who had your job before you. 前任
predecessor |英 ['priːdɪsesə]  美 ['prɛdəsɛsɚ]| n. 前任，前辈/
Although the car is some 2 inches shorter than its predecessor, its boot is 20 percent larger.尽管这款汽车比其上一代产品短2英寸，但它的行李箱大了20%。
He maintained that he learned everything he knew from his predecessor.他坚称他所知道的一切都是从他的前任那儿学到的。


adj. 1（通常用Aboriginal）澳大利亚土著的:
2（欧洲人到来之前某地区的人、动物等）土著的，土生土长的:
n. [C]（通常用Aboriginal）（尤指澳大利亚的）土著人:
aboriginal |[ˌæbəˈrɪdʒənl]
the issue of Aboriginal land rights 澳大利亚土著土地权问题 
Aboriginal art 澳大利亚土著艺术 
aboriginal art, aboriginal culture, aboriginal tribe 土著艺术；土著文化；土著部落 
the aboriginal peoples of Canada 加拿大土著 
Most Canadians acknowledge that the aboriginal people have had a rotten deal. 大多数加拿大人承认土著居民遭受了不公平的待遇。
He remained fascinated by the Aboriginals' tales. 他一直对澳大利亚土著居民的传说极感兴趣。

adj.（很多事件）按发生的时间顺序排列的:
adj. [正式] ~ age 按时间计算的（年龄）（相对于身体、智力或情感等方面的发展而言）:
chronological |[ˌkrɒnəˈlɒdʒɪkl;美ˌkrɑ:nəˈlɑ:dʒ-]
I have arranged these stories in chronological order. 我把这些报道按时间顺序整理好了。
The facts should be presented in chronological order. 这些事实应按时间先后顺序陈述。
a strictly account of the events 严格按时间顺序的纪事 
The anthology is broadly/roughly chronological. 这本选集大体上是按时间顺序编排的。

vt. [正式] 使感官感到难受:
n. [C] ~ (on/upon sth) 对困难或危险的事情的努力达成，即（向困难或危险事物发起的）冲击:
n. [C] ~ (on/upon/against sb/sth) 对某人或某事的猛烈抨击、批评:
adj.（武器）用于战争的、军用的:
n. [C] ~ (on/upon/against sb/sth)（军队等）攻击、袭击一个建筑物、地区等（以获取其控制权）:
n. [U, C] ~ (on/upon sb) 侵犯他人身体的罪行:
vt. 猛烈攻击或袭击某人（尤指构成犯罪）:
assault |[əˈsɔ:lt]
Loud rock music assaulted our ears. 喧闹的摇滚乐直往我们耳朵里钻。
The government has mounted a new assault on unemployment (= in order to reduce it). 政府向失业发起新的攻势。
Three people died during an assault on the mountain (= while trying to climb it). 登山过程中有三人死亡。
The paper's assault on the president was totally unjustified. 这份报纸对总统的攻击纯属无稽之谈。
He leveled a verbal assault against his Democratic opponents. 他猛烈抨击其民主党对手。
The suggested closures came under assault from all parties. 关闭机构的建议受到各方严厉批评。
She used the article to make a sustained assault on her former political allies. 她利用这篇文章继续抨击以前的政治同盟。
He launched into a verbal assault on tabloid journalism. 他对小报新闻进行了口头抨击。
Today these values are under assault. 今天这些价值观受到抨击。
a two-year legal assault on alleged tax fraud 对涉嫌税收诈骗的行为长达两年的法律抨击
a high-powered assault rifle 大火力军用步枪 
assault weapons 军用武器
military assault 军事进攻 
Enemy troops launched an assault on the town. 敌军对该镇发起了进攻。
The factory came under assault from soldiers in the mountains. 工厂遭到山地士兵的袭击。
The garrison was built to withstand assaults. 建起要塞是为抵御攻击。
An assault on the capital was launched in the early hours of the morning. 凌晨时分向首都发起了攻击。
The rebels are poised for a new assault on the government garrisons. 叛军准备好要对政府驻军发起新一轮的猛攻。
Most US soldiers welcomed the ground assault when the order was finally given. 当命令最终下达的时候，大多数美军士兵都愿意发动地面进攻。
After an all-out assault the village was captured by the enemy. 敌人发起全面进攻后，占领了整个村庄。
aerial, air, airborne, amphibious, ground assault 空中打击；空袭；空降突击；两栖进攻；地面进攻 
air assaults by fighter planes 战斗机进行的空袭 
assault course（英）突击训练课程 
They took part in a vigorous army assault course. 他们参加了一个高强度的陆军突击训练课程。
assault operation 突击行动 
assault gun, assault rifle, assault weapon 突击炮；突击步枪；突击用的武器 
assault force, assault team, assault troops 突击部队；突击队 
assault helicopter, assault ship, assault vehicle 突击直升机；突击舰；突击车辆 
a series of assaults on enemy targets 对敌军目标的一连串袭击
Both men were charged with assault. 两人均被控侵犯他人身体罪。
A significant number of indecent assaults on women go unreported. 很大数量的猥亵妇女罪没有举报。
sexual assaults 性攻击（指强奸、猥亵）
The attack is one of a series of savage sexual assaults on women in the university area. 这次袭击是在大学校园内发生的一系列针对女性的野蛮性侵犯事件中的一起。
At the police station, I was charged with assault. 在警察局，我被指控殴打他人。
physical, racial（尤英）assault 身体伤害；种族攻击 
domestic assault 家庭侵害 
assaults committed by teenagers 十几岁的少年犯下的殴打他人罪 
He reported the assault to the police. 他向警方举报了被人殴打一事。
Better street lighting has helped reduce the number of assaults against women. 街灯照明的改善减少了女性遭袭击的数量。
allegations of police assault on the boy 对警方袭击这个男孩的指控 
assault and battery（法律用语） 企图伤害罪和殴打罪 
He has been charged with assaulting a police officer. 他被控袭击警察。
Four women have been sexually assaulted in the area recently. 近来这个地区有四名妇女遭到强奸猥亵。
She may have been sexually assaulted by her killer. 她可能遭到过凶手的性侵犯。
The gang assaulted him with iron bars. 这伙人用铁棍殴打他。
indecently（英）, physically, verbally assault 下流地猥亵；人身攻击；用言语攻击

adj.（人及其行为）严肃的、审慎的、持重的:
vt.&vi.（使）变得严肃、持重:
adj.（颜色或服装）素净的、淡素的、不鲜艳的:
adj.（人及其行为）冷静的:
vt.&vi.（使）变得冷静、理智:
adj. 1 [名词前不常用] 未喝醉的:
2（人及其行为）冷静的、理智的、头脑清醒的:
vt.&vi.（使）变得冷静、理智:
sober |[ˈsəʊbə(r);美ˈsoʊ-]
It was a room filled with sad, sober faces. 房间里坐满了人，大家都一脸的忧伤和严肃。
He suddenly sobered. 他突然严肃起来。
He dresses in sober grey suits. 他总是穿素净的灰西服。
sober-suited middle-aged men 衣着素淡的中年男子
a sober assessment of the situation 对形势的冷静估计 
On sober reflection (= after some serious thought), I don't think I really need a car after all. 冷静地想了想以后，我觉得我其实并不需要车。
The bad news sobered us for a while. 坏消息使我们冷静了一会儿。
I promised him that I'd stay sober tonight. 我答应过他，今晚我不会喝醉。
He was as sober as a judge (= completely sober). 他一点没醉。
When Dad was sober he was a good father. 不喝醉的时候，爸爸是一个好父亲。
She wanted a drink, but she had to stay sober. 她想喝点儿酒，但她必须保持清醒。
By this time he felt reasonably sober again. 到这个时候，他算是清醒过来了。
a sober assessment of the situation 对形势的冷静估计 
He is honest, sober and hard-working. 他诚实、稳重、勤奋。
On sober reflection (= after some serious thought), I don't think I really need a car after all. 冷静地想了想以后，我觉得我其实并不需要车。
We are now far more sober and realistic. 我们现在清醒、现实多了。
Only the thought of her kept him sober. 只有想到她才能使他保持清醒。
The bad news sobered us for a while. 坏消息使我们冷静了一会儿。

vt. 使官方决定得以生效、实施、执行、贯彻:
n. [C] 工具，器具，常指简单的户外用具:
n. [C] 工具，器具，常指简单的户外用具:
implement |[ˈɪmplɪment]
to implement policies 执行政策 
The proposed changes were never actually implemented. 提出的改革方案从未切实贯彻执行过。
These reforms have now been widely implemented in schools. 这些改革措施现在已在各学校广泛实施。
The government failed to implement the plan. 政府未能实施这一计划。
The decision will be difficult to implement. 这项决定难易落实。
agricultural, farm, garden implement 农具；园艺工具 
digging, writing implement 挖掘工具 
flint, metal, stone, wooden implement 燧石工具；金属器具；石器；木质工具 
Make sure that all sharp implements, such as scythes, have covers. 确保所有的锋利器具——例如长柄大镰刀，都有保护套。
kitchen, surgical implement 厨房用具；手术器具 
cooking, writing implement 厨具；书写工具
agricultural, farm, garden implement 农具；园艺工具 
digging, writing implement 挖掘工具 
flint, metal, stone, wooden implement 燧石工具；金属器具；石器；木质工具 
Make sure that all sharp implements, such as scythes, have covers. 确保所有的锋利器具——例如长柄大镰刀，都有保护套。
kitchen, surgical implement 厨房用具；手术器具 
cooking, writing implement 厨具；书写工具

vi. 轻微颤动、轻微抖动:
vi.（人或声音由于愤怒、恐惧、激动等）颤抖，发抖，打哆嗦:
n. [C] 让身体微颤的一种感情；身体部位的微颤:
n. [C] 箭筒、箭套、箭囊:
quiver |[ˈkwɪvə(r)]
Her lip quivered and then she started to cry. 她嘴唇微微一颤就哭了起来。
Her bottom lip quivered and big tears rolled down her cheeks. 她的下唇颤抖着，豆大的泪珠顺着面颊滚落下来。
Cooper arrived, quivering with rage. 库珀来了，气得直打哆嗦。
Mack made his voice quiver with fear on these last two words. 麦克说出最后这两个字时，吓得声音颤抖。
He felt a quiver of excitement run through him. 他觉得浑身上下都兴奋起来。
Jane couldn't help the quiver in her voice. 简不禁声音颤抖。

If you describe someone's behaviour as ostentation, you are criticizing them for doing or buying things in order to impress people. 卖弄; 炫耀
ostentation |英 [,ɒsten'teɪʃ(ə)n]  美 ['ɑstɛn'teʃən]| n. 卖弄；虚饰；虚有其表/
On the whole she had lived modestly, with a notable lack of ostentation.总体来说，她生活俭朴，不事张扬。


adj. 因法律或规则而必须得到执行的，如强制性的，相当于mandatory。与voluntary相反:
compulsory |[kəm'pʌlsərɪ]
It is compulsory for all motorcyclists to wear helmets. 所有骑摩托车的人都必须戴头盔，这是强制性的。
English is a compulsory subject at this level. 英语在这一级别是必修科目。
compulsory education, compulsory schooling 义务教育 
compulsory redundancies 强制裁员

vt. ~ sth (up) 把（价格、花费、比率、税率、数量等）大幅提高:
n. [C] [非正式，尤美] ~ (in sth)（价格、花费、比率、税率、数量等的）大幅度提高，猛增:
n. [C] 在野外进行的（尤指为愉悦身心之目的的）徒步远行，如远足:
vt.&vi.（尤指为愉悦身心而）徒步远行:
vi. go hiking 徒步远行、远足:
hike |[haɪk]
The government hiked up the price of milk by over 40%. 政府把牛奶的价格提高了四成多。
It has now been forced to hike its rates by 5.25 per cent. 它目前已经被迫将利率提高了5.25%。
TSB's monthly credit card rate is now hiked from 1.95% to 2.05%. TSB银行的信用卡月利率现在从1.95%提高到了2.05%。
tax hike, price hike 税额的大幅度增长；价格的大幅度增长 
the latest hike in interest rates 新近利率的大幅上扬 
a sudden 1.75 per cent hike in Italian interest rates 意大利利率1.75%的突然上浮 
His economic plan, with its tax hikes and spending cuts, will slow the economy. 他通过采取上调税率和削减支出等经济计划,将会使经济发展放慢速度。
They went on a ten-mile hike through the forest. 他们做了一次穿越森林的十英里徒步旅行。
We could go into town but it's a real hike (= a long way) from here. 我们本可以进城去，但走到那儿实在太远。
strenuous hike 艰苦的远足 
two-day hike 两天的徒步旅行 
The boys have gone on a hike with the Scouts. 男孩们随童子军徒步旅行去了。
They met on a hike. 他们在一次远足中相遇。
It's a long hike from my house to campus. 从我家到学校要走很长一段路。
strong boots for hiking over rough country 适合在崎岖不平的山路徒步旅行用的结实靴子 
to hike the Rockies（美）去落基山脉徒步旅行 
You could hike through the Fish River Canyon. 你可以徒步穿越鱼河峡谷。
We plan to hike the Samaria Gorge. 我们计划去撒马利亚峡谷远足。
If the weather's fine, we'll go hiking this weekend. 如果天气好，我们这个周末就去远足。

vt.（果断或高效地）应付，处理，解决（难题、困难局面或任务）:
vt. 对施用暴力或威胁手段的人进行制止或反击，如抓获、给以颜色:
n. [U]（吊拉物体用的）索具，滑轮组:
vt. ~ sb (about sth)（坦率地）向某人交涉（困难情况）:
vt. ~ sb (about sth)（坦率地）向某人提起（问题）:
n. [C] [美]（美式足球中的）负责以擒抱方式进行的阻截的队员:
vt.&vi.（在足球、曲棍球等运动中）抢球:
vt.&vi.（在橄榄球或美式足球中）以擒抱摔倒的方式来阻截对方前进:
n. 1 [C]（足球等运动中的）抢球:
2 [C]（橄榄球或美式足球中的）以擒抱方式进行的阻截:
n. [U]（做某项体育运动或活动所用的）用具，尤指渔具:
tackle |[ˈtækl]
The government is determined to tackle inflation. 政府决心解决通货膨胀问题。
The first reason to tackle these problems is to save children's lives. 果断处理这些问题的首要原因是为了挽救孩子们的生命。
The problem is being tackled with a range of measures. 这个问题正通过一系列措施予以处理。
The drugs problem has to be tackled head-on. 对于毒品问题必须迎头痛击。
We are failing to tackle the key issues. 我们在处理关键问题方面受到挫折。
Firemen later tackled the blaze. 消防队员们后来扑灭了这场大火。
He tackled a masked intruder at his home. 他在家里抓住了一个私自闯入的蒙面人。
He claims Pasolini overtook and tackled him, pushing him into the dirt. 他声称帕索利尼追上去打他，把他推倒在烂泥里。
I finally hoisted him up with a block and tackle. 我最终用滑轮组把他拉了上去。
I tackled him about the money he owed me. 我就他欠我钱的事与他进行了交涉。
I tackled him about how anyone could live amidst so much poverty. 我坦率地问他，人在如此贫穷的环境中如何还能生存。
defensive, offensive tackle 防守截锋；进攻截锋 
left, right tackle 左截锋；右截锋 
nose tackle 正截锋
He was tackled just outside the penalty area. 他就在罚球区外让对方把球抢断。
Foley tackled the quarterback. 福利成功拦截了四分卫。
He can run fast and tackle hard. 他跑得快，阻截凶猛。
bad, crunching, late tackle（均英）恶意铲球；粗暴铲球；铲球过迟 
cover, scything, sliding tackle（均英）补位铲球；抡脚铲球；倒地铲球 
a crunching tackle from her opponent 对手对她的粗暴铲断 
He was booked for a tackle from behind on Morris. 他因从背后铲断莫里斯而被记名警告。
She lost the ball in a tackle. 她在抢断中丢了球。
high tackle（橄榄球比赛中的）过高扑搂 
Their captain was sent off for a high tackle on Cooper. 他们的队长因过高扑搂库珀被罚下场。
flying tackle 鱼跃扑接 
A security guard brought him down with a flying tackle. 一名保安飞身把他扑倒。
football（美）, rugby tackle 美式橄榄球的扑搂；英式橄榄球扑搂 
He bruised his arm making a tackle against the Browns. 他在对布朗队的比赛中扑搂时擦伤了手臂。
fishing tackle 渔具

n. [U] 议会通过的一部（或一系列）法律、法规:
n. [U] 法律的制定和通过的过程，即立法:
legislation |[ˌledʒɪsˈleɪʃn]
an important piece of legislation 一条重要的法规 
New legislation on the sale of drugs will be introduced next year. 有关药物销售的新法规将于明年出台。
Congress approved legislation which outlawed the sale of the drug. 国会批准了禁止出售该药的法律。
unworkable legislation（英）不可行的法规 
The police think that such legislation would be unworkable. 警方认为这种法规不可行。
anti-abortion, anti-discrimination, civil-rights, employment, energy（尤美）, environmental, gun control, health, housing, human right（尤英）, reform, social legislation 反堕胎法；反歧视法；民权法；劳动就业法；能源法；环境法；枪支管制法；卫生法；住房法；人权法；改革法；社会法 
draft, proposed legislation 法律草案；法律提案 
Governor Bradbery signed legislation for $20 million in municipal relief. 布拉德伯里州长签署了2,000万美元的城市救济法案。
Member states may not adopt legislation contrary to EU law. 成员国不能采纳与欧盟法律相悖的法规。
Companies have until December 31 to comply with the new legislation. 公司必须在12月31号之后遵守新的法律。
New legislation on drink-driving comes into effect at the end of the year. 新的酒后驾驶法年底生效。
This will be a criminal offence under the new legislation. 按照新法，这将是一项刑事罪。
They are planning the introduction of legislation against sex discrimination. 他们计划出台反性别歧视的法律。
Legislation will be difficult and will take time. 立法既费力又耗时。
a letter calling for legislation to protect women's rights 一封呼吁立法保护妇女权益的信 
They are calling for tough legislation to tackle this problem. 他们提出制定严格的法律来解决这个问题。
federal, national, parliamentary, state legislation 联邦立法；全国立法；议会立法；国家立法 
Anyone has the right to initiate legislation. 任何人都有权提出立法。
The government is pushing through legislation to ban smoking in all public places. 政府正在力促通过立法，禁止在公共场所吸烟。
Religious interests may try to block this legislation. 宗教利益集团有可能试图阻挠这项立法。
Legislation on this issue is urgently needed. 这个问题急需立法。

n. [C] [英] 有很多同类房屋或工厂的一片土地，如住宅区、工业区、工厂区:
n. [C]（农村的）大片私有土地，庄园:
n. 1 [C]（通常指农村的）大片私有土地，庄园:
2 [C, U] [法律] 某人所拥有的所有金钱和房地产，尤指其死亡后所遗留下来的上述财产（即遗产）:
n. [C] [英] 车身较长，后座后面有很大空间（且后面有门）的一种汽车，可装载大件物品，即旅行轿车、客货两用汽车，相当于estate car:
estate |[ɪˈsteɪt]
large, massive estate 大片建筑区 
small estate 小建筑区 
run-down estate 颓败的建筑区 
younsters living on deprived housing estates 住在贫民区的少年儿童 
She lives on a council estate in Leeds. 她住在利兹的市政公房区。
housing estate 公租房 
private estate 私人住宅区 
She lives in a tower block on an estate in London. 她住在伦敦某住宅区的一栋高楼里。
He used to live on the estate. 他过去曾住在那个住宅区。
industrial, trading estate（位于市郊的）工业区；（城镇边缘的）工商业区 
The factory is on a large industrial estate on the outskirts of town. 工厂坐落在城郊的一个大工业区。
the family mansion and sprawling country estate 家族大宅和不断扩张的乡村庄园 
He owned a palatial estate in California. 他在加利福尼亚有一处宏伟的庄园。
royal estate 皇家庄园 
sugar, wine estate 蔗糖园；酒庄 
Bordeaux's most famous wine estate 波尔多最有名的酒庄 
The family owns a large estate in the north. 这个家族在北部拥有大片庄园。
to buy an estate 买下一处庄园 
estate owner 庄园主
the family mansion and sprawling country estate 家族大宅和不断扩张的乡村庄园 
small estate 小规模的私有地产 
He owned a palatial estate in California. 他在加利福尼亚有一处宏伟的庄园。
royal estate 皇家庄园 
landed estate（尤英）地产 
He was heir to an extensive landed estate. 他是一处庞大地产的继承人。
sugar, wine estate 蔗糖园；酒庄 
Bordeaux's most famous wine estate 波尔多最有名的酒庄 
The family owns a large estate in the north. 这个家族在北部拥有大片庄园。
to buy an estate 买下一处庄园 
estate owner 庄园主 
estate management 地产管理 
estate agency, estate agnet（均英；美式英语用real estate agnecy和real estate agent）房地产代理；房地产代理商 
estate sale 地产销售 
the number of people living on the estate 住在这片地产上的人数 
an estate of 20,000 acres 一片2万英亩的地产 
The young prince is the heir to a vast estate in the west of the country. 这位年轻的王子是该国西部大片地产的继承人。
a shooting party on Lord Wyville's estate in Yorkshire 在怀维尔勋爵位于约克郡的庄园里举行的狩猎会 
taxable estate 应纳税的遗产 
The bulk of his estate was bequeathed to his son Jacob.（bequeath为正式用法）他的大部分遗产都遗赠给了他的儿子雅各布。
Her estate was left to her daughter. 她把遗产留给了女儿。
She left her whole estate to her niece. 她将全部遗产留给了她的侄女。
She inherited her father's estate. 她继承了父亲的遗产。
He owns personal estate worth $30 million. 他拥有价值3,000万美元的个人财产。
It took seven years to settle the estate. 这一财产的交割花了七年的时间。
estate tax（美）遗产税 
to transfer estate taxes to the next generation 将遗产税转移到下一代人身上 
His estate was valued at $150,000. 他的遗产被估价为15万美元。

vt. [术语]（在计算机或其他机器上）查询信息:
vt.（尤指警察对某人进行长时间的）审问、讯问、盘问:
interrogate |[ɪnˈterəgeɪt]
He was interrogated by the police for over 12 hours. 他被警察审问了12个多小时。
I interrogated everyone even slightly involved. 我讯问了每个人,甚至连稍有关联的人都没放过。
to interrogate the suspect 审讯犯罪嫌疑人 
to interrogate the witness 讯问目击证人

vi.（数量、比率、价格等）突然且迅速地大幅下跌:
vi. 情绪突然变得低落:
vi.（通常指从高处朝地面）快速落下，陡直掉下:
plummet |[ˈplʌmɪt]
Share prices plummeted to an all-time low. 股票价格暴跌到历史最低点。
In Tokyo share prices have plummeted for the sixth successive day. 东京股价已连续第6天猛跌。
The Prime Minister's popularity has plummeted to an all-time low in recent weeks. 首相的支持率在近几个星期已骤跌至前所未有的低点。
profit plummet 利润下跌 
temperature plummet 温度下跌 
body weight plummet 体重下降 
level plummet 水平下降
Her spirits plummeted at the thought of meeting him again. 一想到又要见到他，她的心情便直往下沉。          
The jet plummeted into a row of houses. 那架喷气式飞机一头栽进一排房子里。
The jet burst into flames and plummeted to the ground. 这架喷气式飞机突然着火，急速坠地。
The car went out of control on a bend and plummeted down an embankment. 车子在弯道处失去控制，一头扎下堤岸。          

vi.（泪滴）迅速向下滚落:
n. [C] roll (of sth) 低沉而持续的声音，如隆隆声:
vt.＆vi. 发出长久而持续的声音:
n. 1 [sing.]（身体）打滚或翻滚:
2 [C] 身体所做的前后翻滚（是一种身体锻炼方式）:
vt.＆vi. 1 身体朝某个方向滚动（或翻滚）:
2 在原地一次又一次地翻转、转圈或打转；使…做如此运动:
roll (sb/sth) (over) onto sth 翻转（以面对一个不同的方向）；使…翻转（以面对一个不同的方向）:
vt.＆vi. 1 朝某个方向滚动（或翻滚）；使圆形物体做如此运动:
2 在轮子上（或好像在轮子上）平滑移动；使…做如此移动:
n. [C] 也用bread roll，（供一个人吃的）一小圆条面包:
n. [C] 正式或官方的名单，即花名册。其词义已为register所涵盖，但roll更正式一些:
vi.（液滴）迅速向下滚落:
vt. roll sb/sth/yourself (up) in sth 用某物包裹或覆盖…:
vt.＆vi. 1 在原地一次又一次地翻转、转圈或打转；使…做如此运动:
roll (sb/sth) (over) onto sth 翻转（以面对一个不同的方向）；使…翻转（以面对一个不同的方向）:
3 roll (sth) (up) (into sth)（通过卷绕）使…成球状或管状:
vt. roll sth (up) 把衣服等的边缘卷起来或挽起来:
vi. 通过摇把手而使车窗或卷帘做上下运动:
vt. 通过在…上面推动重物而使其变平:
n. 1 [C] roll (of sth) 被卷成一卷的纸、纺织物、胶卷等（可以直接卷起来，也可以卷在卷轴上）:
2 [C] [美] roll (of sth)（周围卷着糖等的）一个纸筒:
vt.＆vi.（机器）开动，启动或运转；使机器开动，启动或运转。是一个形象化用法，不过不太常用:
n. [C] 身体上太多脂肪堆积的部位（尤指腰部周围）:
n. [U]（飞机在两侧之间的）来回摇晃（造成一侧高而另一侧低）:
vt.＆vi.（飞机）在两侧之间摇晃；使（飞机）在两侧之间摇晃:
n. [U]（船只在两侧之间的）来回摇晃（造成一侧高而另一侧低）:
vt.＆vi.（船只或行走）在两侧之间摇晃；使（船只或行走）在两侧之间摇晃:
n. [C] 颤音，相当于trill:
vt.＆vi. 发出颤音:
n. [C] 掷骰子:
roll |[rəʊl]
Tears rolled slowly down her cheeks. 泪珠慢慢顺着她的脸颊淌下。
the distant roll of thunder 远处隆隆的雷声 
a drum roll 咚咚的鼓声 
rolling drums 咚咚的鼓声 
Thunder rolled. 雷声隆隆。
The kittens were enjoying a roll in the sunshine. 那些小猫在阳光下嬉戏打滚。
forward, backward roll 前滚翻；后滚翻 
Last year I rolled down a hill. 去年我从山上滚下来。
a dog rolling in the mud 在泥浆里打滚的狗 
He was rolling a pencil between his fingers. 他用手指捻动着铅笔。
Her eyes rolled. 她那双眼睛滴溜溜地转动。
She rolled her eyes upwards. 她翻着白眼。
3 roll (sb/sth) over (onto sth) 
He rolled onto his back. 他翻过身来仰面躺着。
I rolled the baby over onto its stomach. 我让婴儿翻过身去趴着。
The ball rolled down the hill. 球滚下了山。
We watched the waves rolling onto the beach. 我们注视着波浪涌向海滩。
Mist was rolling in from the sea. 薄雾从海上涌来。
The ball rolled into the net. 球滚进了网。
When I was a little kid I rolled down a hill and broke my leg. 我小的时候曾滚下山摔断了腿。
He quickly rolled over and got to his feet. 他快速滚了几下后站了起来。
She rolled her car in a 100 mph crash. 她在时速100英里时翻了车。
to roll a dice/die（美）掷骰子 
The car began to roll back down the hill. 汽车开始倒着往山下滑。
The traffic rolled slowly forwards. 车流缓缓地向前挪动。
The black car rolled smoothly down the street. 黑色轿车平稳地沿街行驶。
He rolled the trolley across the room. 他推着手推车穿过房间。
He spread butter on a roll. 他将黄油涂在了面包卷上。
cheese, ham roll 奶酪卷；火腿卷
The chairman called/took the roll. 主席点了名。
jobless（美）, membership, registration roll 失业人员名单；成员名单；登记册 
My daughter’s grades improved and she made the honor roll.（美）我女儿的成绩提高了，还上了光荣榜。
There are 340 children on the school roll. 该校在册学童340人。
Tears rolled down her cheeks. 泪珠顺着她的脸颊淌下。
Roll the meat in the breadcrumbs. 用面包屑将肉裹起来。
He rolled himself up in the blanket. 他把自己裹在毯子里。
a dog rolling in the mud 在泥浆里打滚的狗 
He was rolling a pencil between his fingers. 他用手指捻动着铅笔。
Her eyes rolled. 她那双眼睛滴溜溜地转动。
2 roll (sb/sth) over (onto sth) 
He rolled onto his back. 他翻过身来仰面躺着。
She lazily rolled her head on the pillow. 她懒洋洋地把头在枕头上转来转去。
I rolled the string into a ball. 我把线绳儿缠成了一个球。
He rolled the paper into a tight ball. 他把纸紧紧团成一个球。
We rolled up the carpet. 我们把地毯卷了起来。
to roll his sweater into a pillow 把他的毛衣卷成一个枕头 
Roll up your sleeves. 把你的袖子挽起来。
She rolled her jeans to her knees. 她把牛仔裤卷到了膝盖处。
to roll up the car window 把车窗摇上去 
to roll up the blind 把卷帘摇上去
Roll the pastry on a floured surface. 在撒了面粉的面板上将油酥面团擀平。
a roll of film 一卷胶卷 
Wallpaper is sold in rolls. 壁纸论卷销售。
a roll of mints 一管薄荷糖
The cameras weren’t rolling. 摄影机没有启动。
Roll the cameras! 开拍！
Rolls of fat hung over his belt. 一堆肥肉坠在他的腰带上。
He walked with a rolling gait. 他摇摇晃晃地走着。
The ship was rolling heavily to and fro. 轮船剧烈地颠簸着。 
to roll your r’s 发r的舌尖颤音
The order of play is decided by the roll of a dice. 比赛顺序是通过掷骰子决定的。

vt. 消化、吸收、彻底理解（新的思想、技术、信息等，达到为我所用的程度）:
vt.&vi. ~ (sb) (into/to sth)（一个国家、群体）将一个人同化:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sth into/to sth 使吸收，使接受（想法、态度等）:
assimilate |[əˈsɪməleɪt]
The committee will need time to assimilate this report. 委员会需要时间来吃透这个报告。
Children assimilate new information very quickly. 儿童接受新信息非常快。
New arrivals find it hard to assimilate. 新来者感到难以融入当地社会。
There is every sign that new Asian-Americans are just as willing to assimilate. 种种迹象表明新一代亚裔美国人也愿意入乡随俗。
His family tried to assimilate into the white and Hispanic communities. 他一家人试图融入白人和西班牙裔社区。
Immigrants have been successfully assimilated into the community. 外来移民顺利地融入当地社会。
Many new immigrants have not yet assimilated fully into the new culture. 许多新移民还没有充分融入新的文化中。
These changes were gradually assimilated into everyday life. 这些改变逐渐渗进了日常生活。
I was speechless, still trying to assimilate the enormity of what he'd told me. 我无话可说，一时还无法接受他对我所说之事的严重性。

adj. 看上去丑陋或令人不悦的:
adj.（言行） 严厉的、无情的:
adj. 1（言行）无情的:
2（现实、真相）残酷的、无情的:
adj. 刺耳的、难听的:
adj.（天气）恶劣的:
adj. 1 强烈刺眼的:
2 太粗糙且可能破坏某事物的，如刺激性强的:
adj.（生活条件）艰苦的:
harsh |[hɑ:ʃ;美hɑ:rʃ]
the harsh lines of concrete buildings 混凝土建筑物的粗陋线条          
The punishment was harsh and unfair. 处罚很重而且不公平。
The minister received some harsh criticism. 部长受到了严厉的批评。
the harsh treatment of slaves 对奴隶的虐待 
He regretted his harsh words. 他对自己的刻薄言辞感到后悔。
It may seem harsh to criticize him after his death. 在他死后还批评他似乎太无情了。
He accused her of being unduly harsh. 他指责她太过苛刻。          
It may seem harsh to criticize him after his death. 在他死后还批评他似乎太无情了。
We had to face up to the harsh realities of life sooner or later. 我们迟早都得正视生活的严酷现实。
The harsh truth is that luck plays a big part in who will live or die. 残酷的事实是，谁死谁活在很大程度上要靠运气。
It's a pity she has such a loud harsh voice. 可惜她的嗓门太大太难听了。
harsh winter, harsh wind, harsh climate 寒冷的冬天；凛冽的风；恶劣的气候 
The weather grew harsh, chilly and unpredictable. 天气变得恶劣、寒冷且变化莫测。
the harsh desert environment 恶劣的沙漠环境          
harsh colours 扎眼的色彩 
Tropical colours may look rather harsh in our dull northern light. 热带色彩在我们北方暗淡的光线下可能显得有点刺目。
She was caught in the harsh glare of the headlights. 她遭到车前灯的强光照射。
harsher detergents that can leave hair brittle 会让发质变脆弱的刺激性较强的洗发水
the harsh conditions of poverty which existed for most people at that time 那时大多数人所面对的艰苦境况

vt. 命令某人返回，即召回:
vt. 召回、收回（残次货品等）:
n. [sing.] 召回令、回归请求:
n. [U]（对过去发生之事的）记忆力、记性:
vt.&vi. [正式]（不用于进行时）记起、回忆起:
Her teacher recalled: 'She was always on about modelling.' 她的老师回忆说:
vt.（不用于进行时）使某人想起某事:
recall |[rɪˈkɔ:l]
Both countries recalled their ambassadors. 两个国家都召回了各自的大使。
He was recalled to military duty. 他被召回执行军事任务。
Parliament was recalled from its summer recess. 国会在夏季休会之后又重新开议。
They have both been recalled to the Welsh squad (= selected as members of the team after a time when they were not selected). 他们俩都被重新召回了威尔士队。
Dean Richards was recalled to the England squad for the match with Wales. 迪安·理查兹被召回英格兰队参加对阵威尔士的比赛。
I had done enough after being recalled against Pakistan to have got on the tour to India. 在被征召入队参加与巴基斯坦的比赛后，我为前往印度的行程做了充分准备。
The company has recalled all the faulty hairdryers. 公司召回了所有有问题的吹风机。
The company said it was recalling one of its drugs. 这个公司说正在召回他们生产的一种药。
More than 3,000 cars were recalled yesterday because of a brake problem. 3,000多辆汽车因为刹车问题昨天被召回。
Thomas's recall to the Welsh team 让托马斯回归威尔士队的要求
He had a good memory, and total recall of her spoken words. 他记忆力很好，她当时说的话他全都记得起来。
She has amazing powers of recall. 她有惊人的记忆力。
to have instant recall (= to be able to remember sth immediately) 有快速记忆的能力 
to have total recall (= to be able to remember all the details of sth) 记得所有细节 
The ground has been polluted beyond recall. 这片土地已被污染得面目全非。
the realities of operating a traditional canal boat can be readily imagined, even if the life itself is beyond recall 经营一艘传统的运河船的现实情形很容易想象，尽管那种生活本身已经无法忆起了。
She could not recall his name. 她想不起他的名字。
If I recall correctly, he lives in Luton. 如果我没记错的话，他住在卢顿。
She could easily recall the smell of the orange groves. 她常常回忆起那个柑橘园的芳香。
I am old enough now to wistfully recall moments of my youth. 我现在一把年纪了，每当想起年轻的岁月时就会感到怅然若失。
He could still recall that first meeting clearly. 他还能清晰地记起初次见面的情景。
I seem to recall that she said she was going away. 我似乎记得她说过打算离开。
I recall reading in an interview that he loved to cook. 我想起读到过他在一次访谈中谈到喜欢做饭。
I can't recall meeting her before. 我想不起来以前曾经见过她。
He recalled that she always came home late on Wednesdays. 他回想起她星期三总是很晚回家。
Can you recall exactly what happened? 你能记起到底发生了什么事吗？
Henderson recalled that he first met Pollard during a business trip to Washington. 亨德森记起他第一次见到波拉德是在一次去华盛顿出差的时候。
As I recall, you're not on the board, Joe; you're only a minor shareholder. 我记得你并没有进董事会，乔，你只是一个小股东而已。
You will recall that I sent you a warning of troubled times. Well now, almost everything I forecast has come about. 你还记得我警告过你时局会出现动荡吧。现在看来，几乎我预测的每件事都发生了。
The poem recalls Eliot's ‘The Waste Land’. 这首诗令人想起艾略特的《荒原》。

n. 1 [U]（尤指用于无线电、电视和计算机的）电子学、电子技术:
2 [pl.] electronics 可指电子设备中的电子电路、电子器件、电子装置:
electronics |[ɪˌlekˈtrɒnɪks;美-ˈtrɑ:n-]
electronics business, electronics company, electronics firm（尤英）, electronics giant, electronics group 电子商务；电子企业；电子公司；电子巨头；电子集团 
Europe's three main electronics companies 欧洲三大电子公司 
the electronics industry 电子工业 
Their company merged with a Japanese electronics giant. 他们公司与一家日本电子巨头合并 
electronics industry, electronics maker（美）, electronics, manufacturer 电子工业；电子产品制造商 
electronics engineer, electronics specialist, electronics technician（尤美）电子工程师；电子专家；电子技术员 
a fault in the electronics 电子电路故障 
All the electronics are housed in a waterproof box. 所有电子装置都储放在一个防水盒中。
cheaper, better consumer electronics 更廉价、更优质的消费型电子技术产品 
high-tech, sophisticated, state-of-the-art electronics 高科技电子产品；精密电子产品；尖端电子产品 
digital electronics 数码电子产品 
automotive（尤美）, consumer, defence/defense, home（尤美）, medical electronics 车用电子产品；消费电子产品；国防电子产品；家用电子产品；医学电子产品 
electronics market, electronics sector（尤英）电子市场；电子行业 
electronics retailer, electronics supplier 电子产品零售商；电子产品供应商 
electronics store（尤美）电子产品店 
electronics device, electronics equipment, electronics product 电子仪器；电子设备；电子产品

n. 1 [C] ~ (of/for sth)（文字等的）缩写或缩略形式:
2 [U] 将…进行缩写或缩略的过程:
abbreviation |[əˌbri:viˈeɪʃn]
What's the abbreviation for ‘Saint’? Saint的缩写形式是什么？
The postal abbreviation for Kansas is KS. 堪萨斯州的邮政缩写是KS。
Abbreviations are used in the text to save space. 为节省空间，文中使用了缩写词。
The abbreviation PC stands for 'personal computer'. PC是personal computer（个人计算机）的缩写。
AC is the standard abbreviation for 'air conditioning'. AC是air conditioning（空气调节系统）的标准缩写词。
Ad lib is an abbreviation of the Latin phrase 'ad libitum'. ad lib是拉丁语词组ad libitum（即兴的，即席的）的缩写。

flee (to ... /into ...)（尤因对潜在危险恐惧而）迅速离开一个人或地方，也可指因心情不好而离开一个地方或人，即逃离，无被动式。具有一种匆忙和仓皇的色彩。且具有一定的情感和文学色彩:
flee |[fli:]
vt.＆vi. flee (from) sb/sth 
They fled to Britain when the war started. 战争初始他们逃到英国。
to flee in panic 仓皇而逃 
to collect your possessions and flee like the wind 收拾好财物赶快离开 
The children fled in terror as the hay caught fire. 干草着火了，孩子们吓得四散而逃。
The burglars fled empty-handed. 窃贼两手空空地逃走了。

adj.（感觉、思考、反应、感情等）麻木的，木然的。是此义的常规用词:
vt. 使某人在情感或精神上变得麻木:
adj. 喝醉的。不太常用:
adj.（身体部位）麻木的，失去知觉的。是此义的常规用词:
vt.（例如由于寒冷、药物、击打等）使身体部位麻木:
numb |[nʌm]
numb with grief 由于悲伤而木然 
numb with fear 吓呆 
He felt numb with shock. 他惊呆了。
The news left us numb. 这条消息让我们目瞪口呆。
I was numbed by the shock of his death. 他的去世让我惊呆了。
After two drinks I was feeling comfortably numb. 喝了两杯后，我感到有点儿飘飘然。
My left leg is growing numb. 我左腿麻了。
His hand felt numb with cold. 他的手冻麻了。
The cold numbed my fingers. 寒冷使我的手指失去了知觉。

adj.（人或其行为方式）冒犯的、粗鲁的、粗俗的（尤指与性有关的）:
adj.（物体或艺术品）粗糙的、粗制的:
n. [U]（也可用crude oil）未经化学处理的石油，即原油:
adj. [常用于名词前]（石油或其它自然物质）天然的、未经化学处理的:
adj. 粗略的、大概的、简略的:
crude |[kru:d]
crude jokes, crude language 粗俗的笑话；粗俗的语言 
Nev! Must you be quite so crude? 尼夫！你非得那么粗俗吗？
crude wooden boxes 简陋的木盒子 
a crude drawing of a face 脸部的略图
50 000 barrels of crude 5万桶原油
crude oil原油 
crude metal, crude steel 未经提炼的金属；粗钢
In crude terms, the causes of mental illness seem to be of three main kinds. 简略地说，导致精神病的原因看起来主要有三种。
Standard measurements of blood pressure are an important but crude way of assessing the risk of heart disease or strokes. 标准的血压测量是评估患心脏病或中风几率的一个重要但不精确的方法。
Birthplace data are only the crudest indicator of actual migration paths. 出生地信息只能非常粗略地显示实际移民过程。

adj. [只用于名词前] 只与一国的本土（而非与该国控制的世界上的其它地区）有关的，即本土的:
adj. [只用于名词前] [美式也可用非正式的metro] 大城市的、大都会的:
n. [C]（东正教和天主教的）大主教:
metropolitan |[ˌmetrəˈpɒlɪtən;美-ˈpɑ:l-]
metropolitan France, metropolitan Spain 法国本土；西班牙本土
the New York metropolitan area 纽约市区 
the metropolitan district of Miami 迈阿密的都市区 
metropolitan regions 都市区 
metropolitan borough（英国的）大都市的行政区 
metropolitan council（尤英）大都市政务委员会 
a dozen major metropolitan hospitals 大城市的十二家大医院
he Ukrainian Catholic representatives, Metropolitan Volodymyr and Bishop Sofron 乌克兰的天主教代表——弗拉基米尔大主教和索夫龙主教

n. [usually pl.] [正式] 名人；重要人物:
adj. ~ (for sth) 值得注意的；显著的；重要的:
notable |[ˈnəʊtəbl;美ˈnoʊ-]
Elected by local notables for nine years Senators lack the democratic legitimacy of members of the National Assembly. 由当地名流选出、任职九年的参议员缺少国民议会议员的民主合法性。
The notables include five Senators, two Supreme Court judges and three State Governors. 显要人物包括五名参议员、两名最高法院法官和三名州长。
notable success, notable achievement, notable example 显著的成功；明显的成就；明显的事例 
His eyes are his most notable feature. 他的双眼是他最明显的特征。
The town is notable for its ancient harbour. 这座小镇因其古老的港口而出名。
With a few notable exceptions, everyone gave something. 人人都给了些东西，只有几个人例外，很是显眼。
The proposed new structure is notable not only for its height, but for its shape. 拟建的新建筑令人瞩目，不仅是因其高度，也因其外形。
Mo did not want to be ruled by anyone and it is notable that she never allowed the men in her life to eclipse her. 莫不想受任何人支配，而且很明显她从不容许自己生活里的男性光芒盖过自己。
The birds are notable for their rarity. 这些鸟以稀有著称。

If one thing is treble the size or amount of another thing, it is three times greater in size or amount. 3倍的
If something trebles or if you treble it, it becomes three times greater in number or amount than it was. 使增加两倍; 增加两倍
treble |英 ['treb(ə)l]  美 ['trɛbl]| adj. 三倍的；最高声部的；三层的；三重的/n. 三倍；最高声部/vi. 变成三倍/vt. 使成三倍/
The mine reportedly had an accident rate treble the national average.据报道，那个矿的事故发生率是全国平均水平的三倍。
They will have to pay much more when rents treble in January.房租1月份时将增加两倍，他们得付多得多的钱。


vt.&vi. [术语]（植物）繁殖:
vt. [正式] 传播一个观点、思想、信仰或信息:
propagate |[ˈprɒpəgeɪt;美ˈprɑ:p-]
The plant can be propagated from seed. 这种植物可由种子繁殖。
Plants won't propagate in these conditions. 植物在这种条件下不能繁殖。
The easiest way to propagate a vine is to take hardwood cuttings. 栽培葡萄最简便的方法就是硬条扦插。
Television advertising propagates a false image of the ideal family. 电视广告传播着理想家庭的一种假象。
They propagated political doctrines which promised to tear apart the fabric of British society. 他们鼓吹能颠覆英国社会结构的政治学说。 
