illiterate			文盲的，缺乏知识的
turmoil				混乱
denote				表示，意味着
adhere					粘附，遵守
pinch				捏，偷走
a pinch of			少量
pulp					果肉，浆
pierce					穿孔于，穿透
contribution						作用，贡献，捐助
analogy				类似，类推
policy							政策，原则
elegant								优雅的，简明的
witness						目击者，证人，证明
vulgar				庸俗的，粗鲁的
option					选择，期权，选修
economics				经济学
periodically			周期性的
roam					漫步
stoop				俯身，弓背，屈尊
extinguish					扑灭，毁灭，压抑，偿清
disturbance			打扰，弄乱
censor				审查者，删改
lever				杠杆，施压手段，撬动，操控
gang					一帮
detach				使...分开
stimulus				刺激
knot				结，打结
tumult			喧哗，混乱，思绪不宁
ardent			热烈的，热切的
ideology					意识形态
everlasting						永恒的
\\\\\\\\

adj. 通常在名词或副词之后，指对某一学科了解不多的、外行的:
adj. 1（人）不会读写的，如不识字的、文盲的:
2（文件或信函）行文拙劣的；不通顺的:
3 通常在名词或副词之后，指对某一学科了解不多的、外行的:
n. [C] 文盲、无知识的人:
illiterate |[ɪˈlɪtərət]
computer illiterate 计算机盲 
musically illiterate 音乐盲 
Many senior managers are technologically illiterate. 许多高级经理都对技术知之甚少。           
A large percentage of the population is illiterate. 文盲人口占有相当高的比例。
These soldiers are mostly illiterate. 这些士兵大多数是文盲。
People judged to be functionally illiterate lack the basic reading and writing skills required in everyday life. 被认定为功能性文盲（或称半文盲）的人缺乏目常生活所需的基本读写技能。
to be economically illiterate, to be scientifically illiterate 不懂经济；不懂政治 
Is it surprising that young people who are politically illiterate do not bother to vote? 对政治一窍不通的年轻人不屑于参加选举，这有什么奇怪? 
computer illiterate 计算机盲 
musically illiterate 音乐盲 
Many senior managers are technologically illiterate. 许多高级经理都对技术知之甚少。

n. [U, sing.] 精神上的混乱:
n. 1 [U, sing.] 一种混乱、无序、不确定或巨大焦虑的状态:
2 [U, sing.] 生活上的混乱:
n. [U, sing.] 一种混乱、无序、不确定或巨大焦虑的状态:
turmoil |[ˈtɜ:mɔɪl;美ˈtɜ:rm-]
emotional, inner, internal, mental, personal turmoil 情感混乱；心灵混乱；内心混乱；精神混乱；个人混乱 
Her mind was in (a) turmoil. 她心乱如麻。
Her mind was in a state of constant turmoil. 她的脑子总是一片混乱。
He came to a stop, his thoughts in turmoil. 他停下来，脑子里一片混乱。
His statement threw the court into turmoil. 他的陈述使得法庭陷入一片混乱。
Her marriage was in turmoil. 她的婚姻一团糟。
Her emotional life was thrown into turmoil. 她的感情生活一团乱麻。
the political turmoil in South Africa 南非的政治动荡 
economic, financial, social turmoil 经济混乱；金融动荡；社会动荡 
domestic, global, international turmoil 国内混乱；全球混乱；国际混乱 
The university had been in turmoil over anti-war protests. 该大学因反战抗议而一直动荡不安。
His statement threw the court into turmoil. 他的陈述使得法庭陷入一片混乱。

vt. [正式] 作为…的标志，如表明、预示、象征:
vt. [正式]（符号等）代表…，是…的标记:
vt. [正式] 意思是，指:
denote |[dɪˈnəʊt;美dɪˈnoʊt]
A very high temperature often denotes a serious illness. 高烧常常说明病得很重。
Red eyes denote strain and fatigue. 眼睛充血表明压力过大、身心疲惫。
There was a message waiting, denoting that someone had been here ahead of her. 有了一条留言，这表示有人已先于她到了这儿。
In this example ‘X ’ denotes the time taken and ‘Y ’ denotes the distance covered. 在这个例子中，X表示所用的时间，Y表示所行的距离。
In figure 24 'D' denotes quantity demanded and 'S' denotes quantity supplied. 在图 24 中，D 代表需求量而 S 代表供应量。
The red triangle denotes danger. 红色三角形表示危险。
Here ‘family’ denotes mother, father and children. 此处的family指母亲、父亲和孩子。
In the Middle Ages the term 'drab' denoted a very simple type of woollen cloth which was used by peasants to make their clothes. 中世纪时，drab（“本色布”）一词指的是一种农民用来制衣的非常普通的羊毛织物。

vi. ~ to sth [正式] 支持，拥护，持有（观点或信仰）:
vi. ~ to sth [正式] 遵守、遵循（法律、规章、指示、原则等）:
vi. ~ to sth [正式] 坚持（信念、某事的固定做法等）:
vi. ~ (to sth) [正式] 牢牢地黏附在某事物上:
adhere |[ədˈhɪə(r);美ədˈhɪr]
He urged them to adhere to the values of Islam which defend the dignity of man. 他鼓励他们坚守伊斯兰教维护人类尊严的价值观。          
All members of the association adhere to a strict code of practice. 协会的所有成员都遵守一套严格的行为规范。
She adhered to the strict Islamic dress code. 她恪守伊斯兰教严格的着装规定。
This principle must be strictly adhered to. 必须严格遵守这一原则。
The guidelines were not always fully adhered to. 这些指导方针并非总是被完全贯彻执行。
For ten months he adhered to a strict no-fat low-salt diet. 十个月来他严格坚持无脂肪少盐饮食。
She adheres to teaching methods she learned over 30 years ago. 她依循她30多年前所学的教学法教学。
Once in the bloodstream, the bacteria adhere to the surface of the red cells. 细菌一进入血液里，就附着在红细胞表面上。
Small particles adhere to the seed. 小颗粒牢牢附着在种子上。
This sticky compound adheres well on this surface. 这种黏性的化合物能牢牢地粘在这个表面上。
The glue would not adhere to the metal surface. 这种胶不粘金属面。
The tiles may not adhere properly if you do not use the correct glue.（英）胶水用得不合适，瓷砖就可能粘不牢。

n. [C] 用大拇指和另一个手指捏住的数量，如一撮:
vt.（尤指为了伤害别人）用大拇指和另一个手指捏、掐、拧:
vt. 将…捏在一起；两者将…挤压在一起:
vt.&vi.（鞋等）太紧而夹脚:
n. [C]（尤指为了伤害别人）用大拇指和另一个手指进行的捏、掐、拧:
vt. 使一个人或组织机构花费过多:
vt. [英，非正式] ~ sth (from sb/sth) 偷窃，尤指偷小且没什么价值的东西，如小偷小摸:
vt. [旧时，英式，非正式] 逮捕某人:
pinch |[pɪntʃ]
a pinch of salt 一撮盐
My sister's always pinching me and it really hurts. 我姐姐老拧我，好痛喔。
He pinched the baby's cheek playfully. 他捏着宝宝的脸颊逗着玩。
He pinched me sharply on the arm.他用力指我的胳膊。
She pinched his arm as hard as she could. 她使出浑身的力气拧他的胳膊。
She had to pinch herself to make sure she was not dreaming.（比喻用法）她不得不掐一下自己，弄清楚自己不是在做梦。
Pinch the nostrils together between your thumb and finger to stop the bleeding. 用手指捏住鼻孔止血。
He pinched the leaf between his thumb and forefinger. 他用拇指和食指捏住了叶子。
a pinched nerve in the neck 脖子上一条被挤压的神经 
These new shoes pinch. 这双新鞋夹脚。
She gave him a pinch on the arm to wake him up. 她拧一下他的胳膊把他唤醒。
Higher interest rates are already pinching the housing industry. 提高利率已使住房产业不堪负荷。
Who's pinched my pen? 谁拿了我的笔？
Do you remember when I pinched your glasses? 你还记得我偷你眼镜的事儿吗？
pickpockets who pinched his wallet 偷走他钱包的扒手
I was pinched for dangerous driving. 我因危险驾驶而被抓住。

If someone is beaten to a pulp, they are hit repeatedly until they are very badly injured. 把某人打成重伤
If paper, books, or documents are pulped, they are destroyed. 把…化为纸浆
If vegetables or fruit are pulped, they are crushed into a smooth, wet paste. 将…捣成浆
People refer to stories or novels as pulp fiction when they consider them to be of poor quality and intentionally shocking or sensational. 低俗的 (小说等)
In fruit or vegetables, the pulp is the soft part inside the skin. 果肉
If an object is pressed into a pulp, it is crushed or beaten until it is soft, smooth, and wet. 浆
pulp |英 [pʌlp]  美 [pʌlp]| n. 纸浆；果肉；黏浆状物质/vt. 使…化成纸浆；除去…的果肉/vi. 变成纸浆；成为浆状/
I tried to talk myself out of a fight and got beaten to a pulp instead by three other boys.我试图说服自己不要打架，结果却被另外3个男孩子打得遍体鳞伤。
The first edition had to be pulped because it contained inaccuracies.第一版不得不化为纸浆，因为里面有差错。
Onions can be boiled and pulped to a puree.洋葱可以煮熟，捣成泥。
...lurid '50s pulp novels.…50年代耸人听闻的低俗小说。
Make maximum use of the whole fruit, including the pulp which is high in fibre.最大限度地利用整个水果，包括富含纤维的果肉部分。
The olives are crushed to a pulp by stone rollers.橄榄由石磙碾成浆。


vt.&vi.（一个想法、感情、声音）使某人悲伤得心如刀割，算是一种比喻用法:
vt.&vi. ~ (through) sth 用尖锐物体刺穿、穿透某事物:
vt.&vi. ~ (through) sth 在某事物上扎（或刺）个小洞:
vt.&vi. ~ (through) sth [文学]（光、声等）刺破、穿过、穿透:
vt.&vi. ~ (through) sth 冲破或突破障碍:
pierce |[pɪəs;美pɪrs]
She was pierced to the heart with guilt. 她万般愧疚，心如刀割。
This sound, like all music, pierced my heart like a dagger. 这种声音像所有的音乐一样，如短剑般直刺我心。           
The arrow pierced his shoulder. 箭头射入他的肩膀。
An arrow had pierced his armour. 一支箭射穿了他的盔甲。
One bullet pierced the left side of his chest. 一颗子弹射入他的左胸。
Pierce the skin of the potato with a fork. 用叉子扎破土豆皮。
He pierced another hole in his belt with his knife. 他用刀子在皮腰带上又扎了一个洞。
to have your ears/nose, etc. pierced (= to have a small hole made in your ears/nose so that you can wear jewellery there) 在耳朵、鼻子等上扎洞眼 
I'm having my ears pierced on Saturday. 我周六要去扎耳洞。
her pierced ears with their tiny gold studs 她戴着小巧金耳钉的穿了耳洞的耳朵
Shafts of sunlight pierced the heavy mist. 缕缕阳光穿透了浓雾。
A spotlight pierced the darkness. 聚光灯穿透了黑暗。
The sound of distant police whistles pierced the gloom. 远处的警笛声穿透了黑暗。
He could feel her eyes pierced him. 他觉得她看穿了自己。
Sirens pierced the silence of the night. 警笛声划破了夜晚的宁静。
Then he spoke, in a voice that pierced the thick air. 随后他开始讲话，洪亮的声音划破了窒闷的空气。
They failed to pierce the Liverpool defence. 他们未能突破利物浦队的防线。
German armoured divisions pierced the Russian lines. 德国装甲师突破了俄国的防线。

contribution [toward(s) sth/doing sth] 一部书、一本杂志、一个广播节目、一次讨论等的一部分:
contribution [toward(s) sth/doing sth] 促成引起某事物或促成增加某事物的一种行动或作用，即贡献、促成作用:
n. [C] 为一本书或一本杂志所撰写的“稿件”。 强调稿件的供应:
n. 1 [C] 向一个人或一家机构所捐赠的一笔钱（以资助某事），相当于donation:
2 [C] 你定期向你的雇主或政府所缴纳的一笔钱（以得到医疗保险、养老金等益处）:
3 [U] 为帮助一个人或一个组织机构，向其进行的捐赠（尤指钱款的捐赠）:
n. [C] 一部书、一本杂志等的一部分，如“稿件”:
contribution |[toward(s)sth/doingsth]一部书、一本杂志、一个广播节目、一次讨论等的一部分:[toward(s)sth/doingsth]促成引起某事物或促成增加某事物的一种行动或作用，即贡献、促成作用:[͵kɒntrɪ'bju:ʃn]
Each of these writers has made an individual contribution to the discussion. 这些作家在这场讨论中个个都发了言。
All contributions for the May issue must be received by Friday. 所有要在五月这一期发表的稿件必须在星期五以前寄到。
He made a very positive contribution to the success of the project. 他对项目的成功贡献良多。
The author acknowledges the contributions of scientist Charles Green. 作者对科学家查尔斯·格林的贡献表示感谢。
the car’s contribution to the greenhouse effect 汽车对加剧温室效应所起的作用 
Researchers have argued over the relative contributions of nature and nurture to the human personality. 遗传与后天培养对人性格的影响孰大孰小，研究者们看法不一。
All contributions for the May issue must be received by Friday. 所有要在五月这一期发表的稿件必须在星期五以前寄到。
to make a substantial contribution to charity 给慈善事业的一笔大额捐款 
All contributions will be gratefully received. 我们对所有捐资表示感谢。
We were asked to make a contribution towards the cost of the meal.（英）我们被要求为饭费出一点儿钱。
insurance, pension contribution 保险金的定期缴款；养老金的定期缴款 
Residents made a net contribution to public finances of $2.6 billion. 居民们对公共财政的净贡献额为26亿美元。
We rely entirely on voluntary contribution. 我们全靠自愿捐赠。
All contributions for the May issue must be received by Friday. 所有要在五月这一期发表的稿件必须在星期五以前寄到。

~ (with sth)（两个事物之间的）相似、类似；类比、比喻:
2 [U] 类比或类推的过程:
analogy |[əˈnælədʒi]
She drew an analogy between running the economy and a housewife's weekly budget. 她用家庭主妇一周的预算类比管理经济。
She suggested an analogy between the human heart and a pump. 她打了个比喻，把人的心脏比作一个泵。
It is probably easier to make an analogy between the courses of the planets, and two trains travelling in the same direction. 将行星的运行比作两列火车朝同一方向行驶可能更容易些。
There are no analogies with any previous legal cases. 以往的法律案件没有哪一宗可与此案类比。
A close analogy with the art of singing can be made. 可以用歌唱艺术作一个很切近的类比。
historical, musical, sporting（英）, sports（美）analogy 历史类比；音乐类比；体育类比 
The Wild West analogy does not fit here. 西大荒的类比用在这儿不合适。
The computer is a useful analogy for the brain. 计算机是人脑很恰当的类比物。
There is an analogy here with the way an engine works. 这个与发动机的工作原理类似。
learning by analogy 用类推法学习 
We can understand this theory by analogy with human beings. 我们用人来作类比就能理解这个理论了。
Argument from analogy is not always valid. 类比得出的结论并不总是能站住脚。

n. [C, U] policy (on sth) 某一公司、机构等的政策、措施:
n. [C, U] 一个人在内心所遵从的原则或为人之道，是一种正式用法:
n. [C, U] policy (on sth) 某一公司、机构等的政策、措施:
n. [C] 保险单:
n. [C, U] policy (on sth) 某一政党、官方机构的政策、措施:
policy |['pɒləsɪ]['pɒləsɪ]
admissions policy（学校的）招生政策 
company policy 公司政策 
The company has adopted a firm policy on shoplifting. 该公司对店内行窃采取了严厉措施。
The magazine has a misguided editorial policy. 该杂志的编辑方针是错误的。
Honesty is the best policy.（谚语）诚实为上。
She is following her usual policy of ignoring all offers of help. 她遵循着自己的一贯原则，对于他人的主动帮助一概不予理睬。
admissions policy（学校的）招生政策 
company policy 公司政策 
The company has adopted a firm policy on shoplifting. 该公司对店内行窃采取了严厉措施。
The magazine has a misguided editorial policy. 该杂志的编辑方针是错误的。
terms of the policy 保险单的条款 
insurance policy 保险单 
life, life-insurance policy 人寿保单 
policy holder 投保人 
risks defined in the policy 保险单里规定的风险 
the types of claims covered under the policy 保险单涵盖的索赔种类 
The policy covers (you for) accidental loss or damage. 这份保险单保（你的）意外损失或伤害险。
party policy 党的政策 
national policy 国家政策 
foreign policy 外交政策 
tax policy 税收政策 
to have a zero-tolerance policy for drugs 对毒品采取零容忍政策

adj. 1（人或其行为、举止）有一种美好的风格和魅力的，即优美的，文雅的，相当于stylish:
2（衣服、地方、事物）有吸引力且设计精良的，如雅致的，讲究的，精美的:
adj.（计划或想法）聪明但简洁的，简要的，简练的。具有一定的褒义:
elegant |['elɪgənt]
She was tall and elegant. 她身材修长，优雅大方。
his elegant wife 他优雅的妻子 
elegant dress 高雅的连衣裙 
elegant room, elegant restaurant 雅致的房间；雅致的餐厅 
the beautifully elegant spire of the church 教堂那座漂亮雅致的尖塔 
an elegant solution to the problem 解决这个问题的简要方法

n. [C]（也叫eyewitness）一个见到某事发生并能向其他人描述该事件的人，即目击者，见证人:
vt. 看到某事发生，尤指犯罪或事故:
n. 1 [C] 法庭上的证人:
2 [C]（也叫eyewitness）罪案的目击者，见证人:
3 [C] 你签署了一份正式文件后，在该文件上进行签字的另一个人，（该人的签字旨在证明其见证了你的签署）即连署人:
vt. 为正式文件的签署进行作证，即连署:
vt. 1 是某事件发生的地点、时期、组织等，即见证了…的发生。此时与see未见明显差别:
2 [正式] 用于给出一个例子，以证明自己刚才所说过的，即…就是证据，或看…就知道:
vt.＆vi. witness (to sth) 常用被动式，是…的迹象或证据:
witness |['wɪtnɪs]
The ancient temples bears silent witness to the passing dynasties.（比喻用法）这些古刹默默见证了历代王朝的兴亡。
She was shocked by the violent scenes she had witnessed. 她被亲眼目睹的暴虐场面惊呆了。
We are now witnessing an unprecedented increase in violent crime. 我们现在看到暴力犯罪空前增多。
reluctant, unwilling witness 不情愿作证的证人 
hostile witness 敌意证人 
defence/defense, prosecution witness 辩方证人；控方证人 
expert witness 专家证人 
character witness 品格证人 
civilian, police（英）witness 平民证人；警方证人 
The defence called their first witness. 被告传唤他们的第一个证人。
witness box（英）, witness stand（美）证人席 
witness testimony（尤美）证人证词 
witnesses to the attack 此次袭击的目击者 
to appeal for witness（尤英）呼吁目击者作证 
witness account, witness statement（尤英）目击者描述 
According to witnesses, the thief escaped through the bedroom window. 根据目击者的描述，小偷是从卧室的窗户逃走的。
a witness to murder 谋杀案目击者 
silent witness（比喻用法）沉默的见证人 
The document was signed and dated by you in the presence of two witnesses. 该文件由你当着两个连署人的面签名并写上日期。
a witness at a wedding 婚礼的证婚人 
The marriage contract is signed in front of witnesses. 婚约是当着几个见证人的面签订的。
Would you be willing to act as a witness to my signature when I sign my will? 你愿意做我签署遗嘱的见证人吗？
to witness a signature 为签字作连署
The country has witnessed great economic progress these years. 该国这些年来在经济领域取得了巨大进步。
Last year witnessed a declining unemployment. 去年失业率出现下降。
Traditional industries are witness great changes. 传统行业正发生巨大变革。
The final success often follows a long stand of failure--witness the great ones who have changed the world. 挺过长久的失败才有资格迎来最终的成功，看看那些改变了这个世界的伟人巨匠就知道了。
The huge attendance figures for the exhibition witness to a healthy interest in modern art. 从展览会参观人数之巨大可以看出，人们对现代艺术具有浓厚兴趣。

adj. 1（事物）粗俗的、庸俗的、俗气的、不雅的:
2（人）粗俗的、无礼的、粗鲁的、粗鄙的:
3（图画、姿势或言论）粗俗的、下流的:
vulgar |[ˈvʌlgə(r)]
I think it's a very vulgar house. 我觉得这所房子很俗气。
The film is tasteless, vulgar and even badly shot. 这部电影毫无品位、庸俗不堪，甚至可以说拍得很烂。
vulgar decorations 俗里俗气的装饰 
She found their laughter and noisy games coarse and rather vulgar. 她觉得他们的笑声和吵吵闹闹的游戏趣味低下，俗不可耐。
He was a vulgar old man, but he never swore in front of a woman. 他是个粗鲁的老头，但他从来不在女人面前说脏话。
'Don't be vulgar,' she reprimanded. “不要无礼，”她斥责道。
The women laughed coarsely at some vulgar jokes. 那些女人听了一些下流的笑话后粗俗地大笑。
The lyrics were vulgar. 歌词粗俗下流。

n. [C] [计算机] 计算机程序的选项:
~ (to do sth) 可选择的东西；可选择做的事情:
2 [sing.] 选择的自由；选择权:
~ (to do sth)（将来的）购买权，出售权；期权:
n. [C] 选修课:
option |[ˈɒpʃn;美ˈɑ:p-]
Choose the ‘Cut’ option from the Edit menu. 从编辑选单上选“剪切”项。
As I see it, we have two options… 据我看，我们有两种选择… 
There are various options open to you. 你有多种选择。
Going to college was not an option for me. 上大学不是我可以选择的道路。
He's argued from the start that America and its allies are putting too much emphasis on the military option. 他从一开始就认为美国及其盟国过于强调军事手段。
What other options do you have? 你还有什么别的选择吗？
This particular model comes with a wide range of options (= things you can choose to have when buying sth but which you will have to pay extra for). 这一种型号的货品有很多选择。
Resignation was her only option. 辞职是她唯一的选择。
A life of chastity is not an easy option. 选择忠贞不二的生活并非易事。
He thought General Studies would be a soft option.（soft尤为英式用法）他以为选修通识学会很轻松。
policy option 可供选择的政策 
menu option（on a computer）（计算机的）菜单选项 
Look at the on-screen menu and select the 'File' option. 看屏幕上的菜单，然后选择"文件"选项。Let's look at all the options available. 让我们考虑一下现有的全部选择。
keep your options open, leave your options open (= to avoid making a decision now so that you still have a choice later）暂不作选择 
Students have the option of studying abroad in their second year. 学生在二年级时可以选择出国学习。
A savings plan that gives you the option to vary your monthly payments. 一项允许你每月自由存款的储蓄方案。
Criminals are given the option of going to jail or facing public humiliation. 罪犯可以选择要么坐牢，要么遭受当众羞辱。
We had no option but to abandon the meeting. 我们别无选择，只有放弃这次会面。
We had no option but to leave without them. 我们别无选择，只好没等他们自己先走了。
You have the option of working full-time or part-time. 你可以选择全职或兼职。
He was jailed without the option of a fine. 他被判入狱，不得以罚款代替。
We have an option on the house. 我们有权购买这所房子。
The property is for rent with an option to buy at any time. 这房子供出租，但可随时买下。
He has promised me first option on his car (= the opportunity to buy it before anyone else). 他答应我可以优先买他的汽车。
share options (= the right to buy shares in a company) 认股选择权 
Each bank has granted the other an option on 19.9% of its shares. 两家银行都同意给予对方其19.9%股份的期权。
The course offers options in design and computing. 这一学程开了设计和计算机技术的选修科目。
Several options are offered for the student's senior year. 为毕业班学生开设了几门选修课。

n. [pl. U] 经济因素；（商业或社会领域的）经济情况、经济体制:
n. [U] 经济学:
economics |[ˌi:kəˈnɒmɪks;ˌekə-;美-ˈnɑ:m-]
The economics of the project are very encouraging. 这项工程的经济情况非常令人鼓舞。
He is regarded as a committed supporter of a radical free-market economics policy. 他被视为激进的自由市场经济体制政策的坚定支持者。
the economics of the third world 第三世界的经济体制
He studied politics and economics at Yale. 他曾在耶鲁大学学习政治学和经济学。
He gained a first class Honours degree in economics. 他获得了经济学一等荣誉学位。
applied, theoretical economics 应用经济学；理论经济学 
classical, conventional, mainstream, orthodox economics 古典经济学；传统经济学；主流经济学；正统经济学 
free-market, Keynesian, laissez-faire, liberal, market, Marxist, monetary, neoclassical, supply-side economics 自由市场经济学；凯恩斯经济学；自由放任经济学；自由主义经济学；市场经济学；马克思主义经济学；货币经济学；新古典经济学；供应学派经济学 
trends int modern economics 现代经济学趋势 
He shows an understanding of basic economics here. 他在此处展示出对基础的经济学的理解。
agricultural, behavioural/behavioral（尤美）, business, development, environmental, industrial, welfare economics 农业经济学；行为经济学；商业经济学；发展经济学；环境经济学；产业经济学；福利经济学 
a school of economics 经济学派

 Remember that this baseline information might have to be refreshed periodically.  请记住，可能需要周期性地更新这个基准信息。
 You must poll an SQS queue periodically to see if it has anything to deliver.  您必须定期轮询一个 SQS 队列，看看它是否有什么可提供的。
 Periodically, once or twice a decade, the river of krill seems to go astray.  磷虾河似乎每十年有一次或两次周期性地出现流向错误。
periodically |英 [,pɪərɪ'ɒdɪkəlɪ]  美 [pɪrɪˈɑdɪklɪ]| adv. 定期地；周期性地；偶尔；间歇/



vt.&vi. ~ (over) sth/sb（手）缓慢地摸遍某人或某事物的每一个部分:
vt.&vi. ~ (over) sth/sb（眼睛）缓慢地扫遍某人或某事物的每一个部分:
vt.&vi. 没有目标或方向地在一个区域走动或穿行，如徜徉、闲逛、漫步:
roam |[rəʊm;美roʊm]
His gaze roamed over her. 他聚精会神地上下打量她。
Her eyes roamed over him, assessing him. 她上下打量审视着他。
Her eyes roamed the room. 她将房间打量了一遍。
to roam the countryside 在乡间漫步 
Barefoot children roamed the streets. 光脚丫的孩子们在街上游荡。
He'd roamed aimlessly for a few hours. 他已经漫无目的地闲逛了几个小时。
Ramblers are calling for the right to roam to be made law. 漫步者要求为自由漫步权立法。
They're roaming around the country shooting at anything that moves. 他们在乡下到处转悠，看到活动的东西就开枪。
the wild dog's instinct to roam widely 野狗到处游荡的本能 
Wild camels roam across the country. 全国各地都可见到野骆驼的踪迹。
Bears roam through the town at night. 夜晚的时候熊在城镇四处游荡。
when dinosaurs roamed the earth 当恐龙活跃在地球各处时 
The sheep are allowed to roam freely on this land. 绵羊可以在这片地上自由走动。

If you say that a person stoops to doing something, you are criticizing them because they do something wrong or immoral that they would not normally do. 卑鄙到…
If you stoop, you bend your body forward and downward. 弯腰
Stoop is also a noun. 驼背
If you stoop, you stand or walk with your shoulders bent forward. 驼背
stoop |英 [stuːp]  美 [stʊp]| vi. 弯腰；屈服；堕落/n. 弯腰，屈背；屈服/vt. 辱没，堕落；俯曲/n. (Stoop)人名；(法、荷、葡)斯托普/
He had not, until recently, stooped to personal abuse.他最近才卑鄙到进行人身攻击。
Two men in shirt sleeves stooped over the car.两个穿衬衫的男人趴在那辆汽车上。
He stooped to pick up the carrier bag of groceries.他弯腰提起装满食品杂货的购物袋。
He was a tall, thin fellow with a slight stoop.他是一个有点儿驼背的瘦高个男子。
She was taller than he was and stooped slightly.她比他高，但有点儿驼背。


vt. 毁灭、消灭、使破灭:
vt. 熄灭（火焰），（光）熄灭:
extinguish |[ɪkˈstɪŋgwɪʃ]
News of the bombing extinguished all hope of peace. 轰炸的消息使和平的希望全部破灭。
The message extinguished her hopes of Richard's return. 那条消息使她对理查德归来的希望彻底破灭。
Firefighters tried to extinguish the flames. 消防队员奋力救火。
It took about 50 minutes to extinguish the fire. 大约花了50分钟才把火扑灭。
The lights are extinguished as soon as the news conference is over. 新闻发布会一结束，灯光就熄灭了。
All lights had been extinguished.（正式）所有灯光都熄灭了。

n. [U, C, usually sing.] 某人在做某事的过程中（或某事在正常进行中）受到的打扰、干扰；也可指此种打扰或干扰的行为:
n. [U, C] 某人的头脑或身体机能不能正常运转的一种状态，如失调、紊乱:
n. [C] 公共场合的骚乱、动乱:
disturbance |[dɪˈstɜ:bəns;美-ˈstɜ:rb-]
The building work is creating constant noise, dust and disturbance. 建筑施工不断制造噪音、灰尘和干扰。
Buildings should create minimum disturbance to the environment. 应将建筑物对环境的不利影响降到最低。
The home would cause less disturbance to local residents than a school. 养老院对当地居民造成的干扰会比学校小。
environmental disturbances caused by roads and traffic 道路和交通对环境造成的干扰 
disturbance from noisy lorries 来自卡车噪声的干扰 
The traffic causes serious disturbance to residents. 往来的车辆严重干扰居民。
an unacceptable level of disturbance to occupiers of adjacent properties 对邻近物业住户构成的不可接受的干扰 
a place where you can work without disturbance 你可以不受干扰，安心工作的一个地方 
She moved the nest very carefully to prevent disturbance to the birds. 她小心翼翼地移动鸟巢，以免惊扰了鸟。
the major disturbance of marine life caused by oil spillages 石油泄漏对海洋生物造成的重大危害 
the disturbance of the local wildlife by tourists 游客对当地野生动物的滋扰 
The animals are very sensitive to disturbance and have never bred in captivity. 这些动物对外界的干扰很敏感，且从未被圈养过。
a disturbance in the usual pattern of events 对平常事情发展状况的干扰
behavioural, emotional, mental, psychiatric, psychological disturbance 行为障碍；情绪失常；精神紊乱；心理失调 
teenagers suffering from a kind of psychological disturbance 受心理失调困扰的青少年 
menstrual, visual disturbance 月经紊乱；视觉障碍 
sleep disturbance 睡眠紊乱 
mood, personality disturbance 心境障碍；人格障碍 
9% of children have a serious emotional disturbance. 9%的孩子有严重的情绪障碍。
Many patients reported sleep disturbances after taking the drug. 很多患者报告服药后产生了睡眠紊乱。
a disturbance in liver function 肝功能失调 
behavioural disturbances in children 儿童的行为障碍 
the treatment of certain heart rhythm disturbances 某种心律失常的治疗方法           
serious disturbances in the streets 街上的严重骚乱 
The decision led to serious disturbances in all the country's main cities. 这一决定在该国所有大城市引发了严重骚乱。
violent disturbance 暴乱 
public disturbance 公众骚乱 
crowd disturbance（英）人群撒卵 
civil, political, racial, social disturbance 国内骚乱；政治骚乱；种族骚乱；社会骚乱 
domestic disturbance（英，美）国内骚乱 
Police had beed called to a domestic disturbance. 已召集警察应对一场国内骚乱。
He was charged with causing a disturbance after the game. 他被指控在比赛结束后制造骚乱。
An influx of refugees has triggered disturbances in the city. 难民涌入引起了城市骚乱。
Large numbers of workers involved in the disturbances have been arrested. 很多参与骚乱的工人被捕。
Troops were brought in to put down the disturbance. 军队奉命镇压骚乱。
disturbances involving members of a crowd of 550 demonstrators 有550名示威者参与的骚乱 
Several people were injured during a disturbance in the capital city. 数人在首都的骚乱中受伤。
There had been violent disturbances among the prisoners. 囚犯中发生了严重的骚乱。
disturbances between members of two rival factions 发生在两个敌对派别成员之间的骚乱 
a disturbance of the peace（法律用语，尤英）（美式英语用disturbing the peace）扰乱治安

n. [C]（书刊、戏剧、电影、书信、媒体等的）审查员（以审查其内容在道德或法律上是否合乎标准）:
vt. 删剪（书籍、电影等中被认为犯忌、违反道德或政治上危险的内容）:
vt. 审查、检查（书刊、戏剧、电影、书信、媒体等）:
censor |[ˈsensə(r)]
the British Board of Film Censors 英国电影审查委员会 
The report was cleared by the American military censors. 那篇报道得到美国军方审查官的批准。
The Late Show censored the band's live version of 'Bullet In The Head'.《深夜秀》节目删掉了乐队的《爆头》现场版。
ITV companies tend to censor bad language in feature films. 独立电视公司一般都会删掉故事片里的脏话。
The military-backed government has heavily censored the news. 有军方撑腰的政府对新闻进行了严格审查。
The movie has been heavily censored. 这部电影受到严格审查。
The news reports had been heavily censored. 这些新闻报道受到严格审查。

n. [C] ~ (for/against sth) 施压的行为:
n. [C] 杠杆；撬棍:
vt.（用杠杆）撬动:
n. [C]（机器的）操纵杆，控制杆:
n. [C]（车辆的）操纵杆，控制杆:
lever |[ˈli:və(r);美ˈlevər]
The threat of sanctions is our most powerful lever for peace. 实施制裁的威胁是我们争取和平最有力的施压手段。
Radical, militant factions want to continue using the hostages as a lever to gain concessions from the west. 激进的好战派想要继续利用人质作筹码来换取西方的让步。
If this allegation is true, it will give us a useful leverage against him. 如果这项指控属实，将会成为我们对付他的有力武器。
I levered the lid off the pot with a knife. 我用刀撬掉了罐盖。
They managed to lever the door open. 他们设法撬开了门。
Neighbours eventually levered open the door with a crowbar. 邻居们最终用一根铁撬棍把门撬开了。
Insert the fork about 6in. from the root and simultaneously lever it backwards. 将耙子插入到离根部约6英寸的地方并同时向后扳。
brake, control, gear, shift（美）leverage 制动杆；控制杆；变速杆 
safety leverage 保险杆 
To release the brake, pull the leverage. 要松开刹车，得拉动操纵杆。
Push the gear leverage into first. 将变速杆推到一挡。
The machine will stop immediately once the leverage is released.一松开操纵杆，机器就会马上停下来。
Set all three leverages to the 0 position. 将三根操纵杆全部归零。
The machine is operated by means of a leverage. 这台机器通过一个操纵杆操控。
Pull the lever towards you to adjust the speed. 把操纵杆向你身体一侧拉动以调节速度。
Push the tiny lever on the lock. 按一下锁上的小柄。
The taps have a lever to control the mix of hot and cold water. 水阀上有一个手柄控制冷热水。
To release the brake, pull the leverage. 要松开刹车，得拉动操纵杆。
Push the gear leverage into first. 将变速杆推到一挡。
Pull the lever towards you to adjust the speed. 把操纵杆向你身体一侧拉动以调节速度。

n. 1 [C] 一帮、一伙（有组织的罪犯）:
2 [C] 一帮、一伙（经常混在一起、闹事、斗殴的年轻人）:
3 [C] [非正式] 一伙（经常聚在一起的朋友）:
4 [C] 一队、一组（一起干活的工人、囚犯等）:
gang |[gæŋ]
masked gang 蒙面团伙 
The robbery was carried out by an armed gang. 这次抢劫是一个持械团伙干的。
criminal, organized, organized-crime gang 犯罪团伙；有组织的团伙；有组织的犯罪团伙 
drug gang 贩毒团伙 
mafia, paramilitary gang 黑手党团伙；准军事团伙 
terror gang（尤英）恐怖分子团伙 
teenage, youth gang 少年团伙；青年团伙 
biker, motorcycle gang 飞车党；摩托车帮 
violent gang 暴力团伙 
gang crime 团伙犯罪 
criminal gang members and drug dealers 犯罪集团成员和毒品贩子 
a gang of pickpockets 扒手集团 
A four-man gang carried out the robbery. 这起抢劫是一个四人团伙所为。
Police were hunting for a gang who had allegedly stolen fifty-five cars. 警方正在追捕一个被控盗窃了55辆汽车的犯罪团伙。
an underworld gang 地下犯罪团伙 
a gang of youths 一帮小混混 
a gang of thugs 一伙暴徒 
a street gang 街头流氓团伙 
During the fight with a rival gang he lashed out with his flick knife. 在与敌对帮派的打斗中，他挥舞着弹簧折刀一通猛刺。
Fights had ensued between rival gangs of football fans.接着两伙对立的足球迷就打了起来。
Gang members were behind a lot of the violence. 很多暴力事件是流氓团伙成员暗中策划的。
A lot of the boys belong to gangs. 许多男孩子加入了帮派。
He forced me to join his gang. 他强迫我加入他的帮派。
gang attack, gang fight, gang violence, gang war, gang warfare 帮派火并；群殴；帮派械斗 
Her cousin was killed in a gang fight when he was only 16. 她的表兄16岁时死于一场群殴。
We were in the same gang. 我们是一伙的。
gang member 团伙成员 
gang leader 帮派首领 
gang activity 帮派活动 
gang life 帮派生涯 
a tale of LA gang life 洛杉矶匪帮记事 
gang culture, gang mentality 帮派文化；帮派思想 
gang rape 轮奸 
The whole gang will be there. 大伙儿都将在那儿。
Come on over, we've got lots of the old gang here. 过来吧，好多老朋友都在这儿。
I go out with a gang of friends most Saturdays. 我星期六多数时候都和一帮朋友出去玩。
Her friends made me feel welcome and treated me as one of the gang. 她的朋友很欢迎我，把我当成他们中的一员。
a gang of labourers 一群工人

vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (from sth) 将某事物从一个更大的事物上移除；从某事物上分离开来（即脱离某事物）:
vt. ~ yourself (from sb/sth) [正式] 使自己挣脱某个人:
vt. ~ yourself (from sb/sth) [正式] 使自己从某个事件、问题等情况中挣脱出来:
vt. ~ yourself (from sb/sth) [正式] 使自己离开某些人:
vt.&vi. ~ (sth) (from sth) 将某事物从一个更大的事物上移除；从某事物上分离开来（即脱离某事物）:
vt. ~ yourself (from sb/sth) [正式] 使自己挣脱某个人，或离开某些人:
vt. ~ yourself (from sb/sth) [正式] 使自己从某个事件、问题等情况中挣脱出来:
vt. [术语] 派遣一队士兵等，尤指让其去执行特殊任务:
detach |[dɪˈtætʃ]
Detach the coupon and return it as soon as possible. 将赠券撕下后尽快寄回。
Detach the white part of the application form and keep it. 把申请表的白色部分撕下存底。
One of the panels had become detached from the main structure. 一块镶板已从主体结构上脱落。
The skis should detach from the boot if you fall. 要是你跌倒了，滑雪板就该脱离靴子。
It is easy to detach the currants from the stems. 很容易就能把醋栗从梗上摘下来。
She detached herself from his embrace. 她挣脱了他的拥抱。
I tried to detach myself from the reality of these terrible events. 我尽力使自己从这些可怕事件的现实中摆脱出来。
It helps them detach themselves from their problems and become more objective. 这有助于他们从所面临的问题中跳出来，变得更客观一些。
Alexis saw his father detach himself from the group and walk away down the hill by himself. 亚历克西斯看到父亲离开那一群人，独自走下山去了。
Detach the coupon and return it as soon as possible. 将赠券撕下后尽快寄回。
Detach the white part of the application form and keep it. 把申请表的白色部分撕下存底。
One of the panels had become detached from the main structure. 一块镶板已从主体结构上脱落。
The skis should detach from the boot if you fall. 要是你跌倒了，滑雪板就该脱离靴子。
It is easy to detach the currants from the stems. 很容易就能把醋栗从梗上摘下来。
She detached herself from his embrace. 她挣脱了他的拥抱。
I tried to detach myself from the reality of these terrible events. 我尽力使自己从这些可怕事件的现实中摆脱出来。
It helps them detach themselves from their problems and become more objective. 这有助于他们从所面临的问题中跳出来，变得更客观一些。           

~ (to do sth) 促进因素、激励因素、刺激物:
~ (to do sth)（使生物产生反应的）刺激、刺激物:
stimulus |[ˈstɪmjələs]（复数为stimuli）
Books provide children with ideas and a stimulus for play. 书不仅给孩子们以思想，而且使他们玩得更有意思。
The initial stimulus came from a letter in the newspaper. 一切最初是由报纸上的一封信引发的。
economic, fiscal, monetary stimuli 经济刺激；财政刺激；货币刺激 
stimulus bill, stimulus package, stimulus plan（均美）刺激法案；刺激计划；刺激方案 
Congress passed the President's economic stimulus package. 国会通过了总统的一揽子经济刺激计划。
The new tax laws should act as a stimulus to exports. 新税法应该能促进出口。
A reduction in corporate tax should act as a stimulus to economic activity. 公司税的降低应该能够成为对经济活动的一种刺激。
Interest rates could fall soon and be a stimulus to the US economy. 利率可能很快就会下调，从而刺激美国经济。
plant growth responses to environmental stimuli 环境刺激下的植物生长反应 
It is through our nervous system that we adapt ourselves to our environment and to all external stimuli. 我们是通过神经系统使自己适应环境及所有外部刺激的。
auditory, sensory, verbal, visual stimuli 听觉刺激；感官刺激；语言刺激；视觉刺激 
The animals were conditioned to respond to auditory stimuli (= sounds). 经过训练，那些动物对声音形成了条件反射。
emotional，intellectual，sexual stimuli 情感上的刺激；智力上的刺激；性刺激 
The pupils dilate in response to chemical stimuli. 瞳孔放大是对化学刺激的反应。
The very act of lying down in bed should provide a strong stimulus for sleep. 只是躺到床上这一行为就足以引起强烈的睡意。

n. [C]（由紧张、恼怒等引起的）哽咽，哽塞:
n. [C] 头上的圆形发髻:
vt. 把头发盘成一个发髻:
vt. 把…打成结或扎牢:
n. [C] 木头上的圆形坚硬处（此处曾经长过树枝），即节疤:
n. [C] 船和飞行器的速度计量单位，每小时一海里，即节:
n. [C] 紧密站在一起的一小群人:
n. [C] 缠在一起的条带状物:
n. [C] 用绳索等打的结（可以是用一根绳子的两端来打结，也可以是用两根绳子来打结）:
vt. 把…打成结:
n. [C]（由紧张、恼怒等引起的胃、咽喉等的）肌肉痉挛，郁结，哽咽，哽塞:
vt.&vi.（使）肌肉（因害怕、激动等而）痉挛，紧缩:
knot |[nɒt;美nɑ:t]
I could feel a knot of fear in my throat. 我很害怕，感到喉咙发紧。
She had her hair in a knot. 她把头发打了个髻。
He carefully knotted his tie. 他仔细地打着领带。
He knotted the laces securely together. 他把带子紧紧地系在一起。
He knotted the bandanna around his neck. 他在脖子上系了一条印花大围巾。
They travel at speeds of up to 30 knots. 他们以高达30节的速度行进。
thirteen knot winds 13节的风
A little knot of men stood clapping. 一小群人站在那儿鼓掌。
a tangled knot of arms and legs 缠在一起的手臂和腿 
hair full of knots and tangles (= twisted in a way that is difficult to comb) 缠结在一起乱糟糟的头发
to tie a knot in a rope 在绳子上打个结 
Tie the two ropes together with a knot. 将这两根绳子打结系在一起。
One lace had broken and been tied in a knot. 一条带子已经断了，打了个结。
He carefully knotted his tie. 他仔细地打着领带。
My stomach was in knots. 我的心揪得紧紧的。
I could feel a knot of fear in my throat. 我很害怕，感到喉咙发紧。
There was a knot of tension in his stomach. 他紧张得心揪得紧紧的。
She felt her stomach knot with fear. 她感到害怕，心都揪紧了。
I felt my stomach knot with apprehension. 我很担忧，心都揪紧了。
The old dread knotted her stomach. 从前那些可怕的经历让她的心都揪紧了。
His forehead knotted in a frown. 他眉头紧锁。
his knotted muscles 他紧绷的肌肉

n. [U, C, usually sing.] [正式] 思想或感情的混乱状态，如心烦意乱、心绪不宁:
n. [U, C, usually sing.] [正式]（通常指一大群人的）一种伴随这喧闹和激动的混乱状态，可称为喧哗、混乱:
tumult |[ˈtju:mʌlt;美ˈtu:-]
A tumult of feelings inside her fought for supremacy. 她内心百感交集。
Round one ends, to a tumult of whistles, screams and shouts. 第一局比赛结束了，口哨声、尖叫声与呼喊声一片喧哗。
the recent tumult in global financial markets 最近全球金融市场的混乱

adj. [常用于名词前] 对…表现出热烈的感情的:
ardent |[ˈɑ:dnt;美ˈɑ:rdnt]
ardent advocate 热烈的拥护者 
an ardent supporter of European unity 欧洲统一的热烈支持者 
He's been one of the most ardent supporters of the administration's policy. 他一向是政府政策最热情的支持者之一。
an ardent opponent of the Vietnam War 越南战争的强烈反对者 
ardent nationalist 热烈的民族主义者 
ardent collector 热衷于收藏的人 
ardent devotee 热情的奉献者 
ardent fan 热情的歌迷 
ardent admirer, ardent disciple, ardent follower 热情的崇拜者；热情的门徒；热情的追随者           

n. 1 [C, U] [有时贬]（作为经济或政治体制之基础的）思想体系:
2 [C, U] [有时贬] 一群人所持有的、对其行为产生影响的一套信念，如意识形态、观念形态:
These businesses have a core ideology of which profit is but one ideal. 这些公司的核心理念是:
ideology |[ˌaɪdiˈɒlədʒi;美-ˈɑ:l-]
Marxist, capitalist, communist, socialist, feminist, fundamentalist, liberal, revolutionary ideology 马克思主义思想体系；资本主义思想体系；共产主义思想体系；社会主义思想体系；女性主义思想体系；原教旨主义思想体系；自由主义思想体系；革命思想 
The party had a Marxist ideology. 该党以马克思主义思想为指导。
They adopted a communist ideology. 他们接受了共产主义思想。
dominant, prevailing ideology 主流意识形态 
They are divided by opposing ideologies. 他们因意识形态冲突而彼此对立。
the narrow ideology of the extreme right 极右派狭隘的意识形态 
radical ideology 激进的意识形态 
They share a hateful ideology that rejects tolerance. 他们都抱有拒绝宽容的可恶的思想。
cultural, economic, gender（尤美）, political, racial, religious ideology 文化意识形态；经济意识形态；性别意识形态；政治意识形态；种族意识形态；宗教意识形态 
Gender ideology still has an important role in determining how couples allocate household tasks. 性别意识形态在夫妻家务分配中仍然扮演着重要角色。
bourgeois, capitalist, extremist, nationalist ideology 资产阶级意识形态；资本主义意识形态；极端主义意识形态；民族主义意识形态 
an ideology imposed by an elite group 由精英集团强加的意识形态 
They shared a common political ideology. 他们拥有共同的政治理念。
a unique ideology based on the concept of service 以服务观念为基础的独特理念 
They ideology was challenged in the early twentieth century. 这种理念在二十世纪早期遭遇到了挑战。

lasting forever or a very long time:永久或很长一段时间
eternity.:永恒。
a flower of the daisy family with a papery texture, retaining its shape and colour after being dried, especially a helichrysum.:雏菊科的一种花，具有纸质质地，干燥后保持其形状和颜色，尤其是蜡菊。
everlasting |ˌɛvəˈlɑːstɪŋ| Adjective/Noun/:永恒的,永远
the damned would suffer everlasting torment:该死的将遭受永远的折磨
