equipment						器械，设备
prevalent				流行的，普遍的
defect				瑕疵，缺陷，叛变
expensive						昂贵的
adventure				冒险活动
timely				及时的，适时的
ventilate				使...通风，公开表达
define						给...下定义，阐明，界定
addict				对...入迷的人
resistance						抵抗
senior							年长的，级别高的，成人的
presently				现在，不久
illusion				幻想，假象
gently				温柔的，平缓的
cry				哭，流出，大声表示
remote									遥远的，细微的，遥控器
humid				湿热的
extravagant			挥霍的，昂贵的，过分的
repetition			重复，重现
emerge							出现，摆脱
lecture						讲座，训斥
advocate								支持，拥护者
proceedings			事件，诉讼
object							物品，对象，目的，反对
solar					太阳的
inside					里面，内侧，内幕，监狱
introduce							介绍，主持，引出，推行
revolutionary		革命的
sportsman			运动员
volume			册，容积，音量，量
volumes of			大量
\\\\\\\\

n. [C] 对一个地方或人所进行的装备、配备:
n. [C] 设备、器材。是此义的常规用词，极为常用:
equipment |[ɪ'kwɪpmənt]
The equipment of the factory took a long time. 装备这家工厂花了很长时间。
up-to-date equipment 最先进的设备 
high-tech equipment 高科技设备 
heavy equipment 重型设备 
portable equipment 便携式设备 
special equipment 专门设备 
kitchen equipment 厨房设备 
sports equipment 体育器材 
play equipment 游戏设备 
office equipment 办公设备 
laboratory equipment 实验室设备 
computer, electrical, electronic equipment 计算机设备；电器设备；电子设备 
medical equipment 医疗设备 
military equipment 军用设备 
communication equipment 通信设备 
camera equipment 摄影设备 
rescue equipment 救援设备 
equipment maker 设备制造商

~ (in sb/sth)（一种条件、做法、信仰等）在某时或某地普遍存在的，如普遍的、流行的、盛行的:
prevalent |[ˈprevələnt]
adj. ~ (among sb) 
a prevalent view 普遍的观点 
These prejudices are particularly prevalent among people living in the North. 这些偏见在北方人中尤为常见。
This condition is more prevalent in women than in men. 这种病症在女性当中比在男性当中更为普遍。
Smoking is becoming increasingly prevalent among younger women. 抽烟在年轻女性中变得越来越常见。

vi. ~ (from sth) (to sth) 背叛一个政党、国家等（而投入敌方怀抱）:
n. [C] 身体缺陷:
n. [C] 某事物的缺点、缺陷:
defect |[ˈdi:fekt;dɪˈfekt]
He tried to defect to the West last year. 去年他试图叛逃到西方。
He defected from the party in the late 1970s. 他在20世纪70年代后期叛出了该党。
birth, congenital, genetic defect 出生缺陷；先天缺陷；遗传缺陷 
All lambs are checked for birth defects when they are born. 所有羔羊出生时都要检查是否有先天缺陷。
developmental, physical, visual, eye, speech defect 发育缺陷；身体缺陷；视力缺陷；语言缺陷 
The child had a mild heart defect. 这孩子有轻微的心脏缺陷。
He has a congenital heart defect. 他有先天性心脏缺陷。
He was born with a hearing defect. 他患有先天性听力缺损。
This is a physical defect that cannot be cured. 这种身体缺陷是无法治愈的。
character defect 性格缺陷 
a defect of her character 她性格上的缺陷
construction（尤美）, manufacturing, mechanical（尤英）, structural defect 建筑缺陷；制造缺陷；机械缺陷；结构缺陷 
A defect in the aircraft caused the crash. 飞机的一个缺陷导致了这起坠毁事故。
The builders agreed to remedy the structural defects. 建筑商答应纠正结构上的缺陷。
a defect in the glass 玻璃杯的缺陷 
a fundamental defect in the product 这种产品的一个根本缺陷 
Goods with slight defects are sold at half price. 有轻微瑕疵的货品以半价出售。
birth, congenital, genetic defect 出生缺陷；先天缺陷；遗传缺陷 
All lambs are checked for birth defects when they are born. 所有羔羊出生时都要检查是否有先天缺陷。
developmental, physical, visual, eye, speech defect 发育缺陷；身体缺陷；视力缺陷；语言缺陷 
The child had a mild heart defect. 这孩子有轻微的心脏缺陷。
He has a congenital heart defect. 他有先天性心脏缺陷。
He was born with a hearing defect. 他患有先天性听力缺损。
This is a physical defect that cannot be cured. 这种身体缺陷是无法治愈的。
character defect 性格缺陷 
a defect of her character 她性格上的缺陷 
The book contains serious defects. 这本书有严重的缺陷。
major defects in the education system 教育体制的重大缺陷

adj. 昂贵的，价格高的。可指价格昂贵，也可指代价高昂。是此义的常规用词:
expensive |[ɪk'spensɪv]
expensive car, expensive restaurant, expensive holiday 昂贵的汽车；高档的餐馆；花费大的假日 
It’s too expensive. 太贵了。
That dress was an expensive mistake. 那件连衣裙看走眼买贵了。
Making the wrong decision could prove expensive. 错误的决策可能会付出高昂的代价。

n. 1 [C] 一次不同寻常的、令人激动的或危险的经历、旅程或一系列事件（可称为冒险或奇遇）:
2 [U] 去冒险、尝试新想法等的刺激和意愿:
n. 1 [C] 一次不同寻常的、令人激动的或危险的旅程:
2 [U] 去冒险、尝试新想法等的刺激和意愿:
adventure |[əd'ventʃə]
her adventures travelling in Africa 她在非洲旅行时的冒险经历 
romantic, fantasy, foreign, historical, military adventure 浪漫的奇遇；幻想的奇遇；国外历险；历史奇遇；军事冒险 
adventure novel, adventure story 历险小说；历险故事 
When you’re a child, life is one big adventure. 在孩提时代，生活是一次大不寻常的历险。
a spirit of adventure 冒险精神 
The trip began with a sense of adventure. 旅行开始了，还带有一点冒险的意味。
her adventures travelling in Africa 她在非洲旅行时的冒险经历 
adventure tour（美）充满冒险经历的旅行 
adventure novel, adventure story 历险小说；历险故事 
The trip began with a sense of adventure. 旅行开始了，还带有一点冒险的意味。

adj. 及时的；适时的:
timely |[ˈtaɪmli]
A nasty incident was prevented by the timely arrival of the police. 警察的及时到来阻止了一次严重事故。
This has been a timely reminder to us all. 对我们大家来说这个提醒非常及时。
a timely reminder to people that leaving their doors open is an invitation to thieves 给人们的一个及时的提醒，即不锁门等于引贼入室 
The recent outbreaks of cholera are a timely reminder that this disease is still a serious health hazard. 最近霍乱的爆发及时提醒了人们该疾病仍然会严重危害健康。
The exhibition is timely, since 'self-taught' art is catching on in a big way. 展会召开得非常及时，因为“自学”艺术正在广泛流行。
timely warning 及时预警 
timely intervention 及时干预 
All claims must be settled in a professional and timely manner. 所有的索赔必须专业、及时地解决。

vt. [正式] 公开表达感情或意见:
vt. 使（房间、建筑物等）通风、通气:
ventilate |[ˈventɪleɪt]
He did not think it the job of officials to ventilate their doubts or daydreams. 他认为公开提出自己的疑问或不切实际的想法并非官员们的分内之事。
a well-ventilated room 通风良好的房间 
Make sure that the room is well ventilated. 要确保房间通风良好。
The bathroom is ventilated by means of an extractor fan. 这个浴室使用抽风扇通风。
Ventilate the room properly when paint stripping. 当油漆开始剥落时，要给房间适当通风。
The building is naturally ventilated. 这栋楼依靠自然通风。
The pit is ventilated by a steel fan. 矿井中用钢制通风机来保持空气流通。

vt. 表现出清晰的线条、形状或边缘:
vt. ~ sth (as sth) 给词语下定义:
When people are asked 'What is intelligence?' they tend to reply: 'I don't know how to define it, but I can certainly recognize it when I see it.' 当被问及“智力是什么”的时候，人们往往会回答说:
vt. 准确地描述、阐明、表明、界定:
define |[dɪˈfaɪn]
The mountain was sharply defined against the sky. 那座山在天空的衬托下显得轮廓分明。               
The term ‘mental illness’ is difficult to define. “精神病”这个词很难下定义。
He was asked to define his concept of cool. 他被要求说明自己关于“酷”的定义。
Life imprisonment is defined as 60 years under state law. 按照州法律终身监禁定义为60年。
Collins English Dictionary defines a workaholic as 'a person obsessively addicted to work'. 《柯林斯英语词典》给“工作狂”一词下的定义是“一个过分沉溺于工作中的人”。
It is important to define these terms accurately. 准确定义这些术语很重要。
Thread count is defined as the number of threads in one square inch of fabric. 织物经纬密度的定义为每平方英寸织物中线的根数。
We need to define the task ahead very clearly. 我们需要明确今后的任务。
There may be problems if responsibilities are not adequately defined. 如果责任没有充分界定，就可能出现问题。
We have chosen to define the scope of our study quite broadly. 我们已决定把研究范围界定得笼统些。
The difficulty of a problem was defined in terms of how long it took to complete. 问题的难易度是以解决这个问题所花时间的长短而定的。
It is difficult to define what makes him so popular. 很难解释清楚什么原因使他如此走红。
We were unable to define what exactly was wrong with him. 我们说不清楚他到底哪里不对劲。
the culturally defined role of women 从文化角度定义的女性角色 
Social values are not easy to define. 社会价值观定义起来并非易事。
This type of lymphoma is defined by the presence of specific malignant cells. 这种淋巴瘤确诊的依据是某些恶性肿瘤细胞的存在。

n. [C] 对某事入迷（因而花很多时间做此事）的人:
n. [C] 吸毒成瘾的人:
addict |[ˈædɪkt]
a video game addict 游戏机迷 
She is a TV addict and watches as much as she can. 她是个电视迷，看起电视来没完没了。
Many young boys become computer adherences. 许多男孩子小小年纪就迷上了电脑。
cocaine, heroin, drug, nicotine addict 吸食可卡因成瘾的人；吸食海洛因成瘾的人；吸食毒品成瘾的人；吸食尼古丁成瘾的人 
He's only 24 years old and a drug addict. 他只有24岁，却是个瘾君子。

n. 1 [U, sing.] ~ (to sb/sth)（对一个计划、想法等的）反对、抵制、抗拒:
2 [U, sing.] ~ (to sb/sth) 利用武力进行的反抗或抵抗:
3 [sing.]（常用the Resistance）（被他国军队占领或被专制政府统治的国家中的）秘密抵抗组织、地下抵抗组织:
n. [U, sing.] ~ (to sth) 身体对病毒等的抵抗力；抗药性:
n. [U, C] [物理学]（符号为R）电阻:
n. [U, sing.] ~ (to sth)（风或空气的）阻力:
n. [U, sing.] ~ (to sth) 身体对病毒等的抵抗力:
resistance |[rɪˈzɪstəns]
As with all new ideas it met with resistance. 和所有的新观念一样，它受到了抵制。
There has been a lot of resistance to this new law. 这项新的法规已经遇到很多的抵制。
Resistance to change has nearly destroyed the industry. 对变革的抵制几乎毁了这个行业。
The US wants big cuts in European agricultural export subsidies, but this is meeting resistance. 美国想大幅度削减欧洲农业出口补贴，但此举遭到了抵制。
They mounted stiff resistance to the proposal. 他们对此项提议发起了坚决的抵制。
armed, military resistance 武装反抗；军事抵抗 
non-violent, violent resistance 非暴力抵抗；暴力抵抗 
guerrilla, peasant resistance 游击队的抵抗；农民的反抗 
The advancing army met with little resistance. 向前推进的军队没遇到什么抵抗。
resistance movement 抵抗运动 
resistance fighter, resistance forces, resistance group, resistance 抵抗运动战士；抵抗力量；抵抗团体；抵抗领袖 
The attacks did not take place without resistance. 进攻并非没有遇到抵抗。
a pocket of resistance（= an area of resistance）零星抵抗 
The defenders put up a strong resistance. 保卫者进行了顽强的抵抗。
The demonstrators offered little or no resistance to the police. 示威者几乎没有对警察进行任何反抗。
The troops are encountering stiff resistance. 军队遭遇了顽强抵抗。
Police in riot gear cleared the noisy demonstrators, who offered no resistance. 身穿防暴服的警察驱散了喧闹的游行者，没有遇到抵抗。
resistance fighters 秘密抵抗战士 
They managed to escape after being arrested by the resistance. 他们被抵抗组织抓住后又设法逃脱了。
AIDS lowers the body's resistance to infection. 艾滋病降低了身体的抗感染能力。
You need to build up your resistance to colds. 你需要增强对感冒的抵抗力。
This disease is surprisingly difficult to catch as most people have a natural resistance to it. 由于多数人对这种病具有天然免疫力，所以发病率低得出奇。
disease resistance 抗病能力 
antibiotic, drug, pesticide resistance 对抗生素的耐药性；对药物的耐药性；对农药的耐药性 
bacterial resistance 细菌的抗药性
materials that lose all their electrical resistance 电阻为零的材料
wind, air resistance (= in the design of planes or cars) 风阻；空气阻力 
The design of the bicycle has managed to reduce the effects of wind resistance and drag. 这种自行车的设计成功地减少了风的阻力和摩擦力。
AIDS lowers the body's resistance to infection. 艾滋病降低了身体的抗感染能力。
You need to build up your resistance to colds. 你需要增强对感冒的抵抗力。
This disease is surprisingly difficult to catch as most people have a natural resistance to it. 由于多数人对这种病具有天然免疫力，所以发病率低得出奇。
disease resistance 抗病能力 

adj. senior (to sb) 级别（或地位）高的，资深的:
n. [C] 级别（或地位）较高的人，上级，上司:
n. [C] 较年长的人:
n. [C] [尤美] 相当于senior citizen，即老年人:
adj. 父子同名时，加在父亲的名字前以免搞混:
adj. 只作前置定语，指体育运动针对成年人的、或针对高水平选手的:
n. [C] 体育运动中的成人运动员或高水平运动员:
adj. 1 [英] 只作前置定语，（学校或学校的一部分）招收11或13岁以上的学生的:
2 [美] 只作前置定语，高中（或大学）最后一年的，即毕业年级的:
n. 1 [C] [英] 中学生，学校里的高年级学生:
2 [C]（美国或其他一些国家的）高中和大学的毕业班学生:
senior |['si:njə]
senior officials 高级官员 
senior management 高级管理人员 
senior lecturers 高级讲师 
He is senior to me. 他的职位比我高。
my colleagues and seniors 我的同事和上司
Her brother is her senior by five years. 她的哥哥比她大五岁。
She became involved with a man many years her senior. 她与一名比她年长很多的男子坠入情网。
tickets for seniors 老年票
Senior Jack 老杰克
at senior level 成人组 
to win the senior men’s 400 metres 获得男子甲组400米冠军 
tennis coaching for seniors 高级网球运动员训练
the number of high school seniors 高中毕业班学生人数

You use presently to indicate that something happened a short time after the time or event that you have just mentioned. 之后不久
If you say that something is presently happening, you mean that it is happening now. 目前
presently |英 ['prez(ə)ntlɪ]  美 ['prɛzntli]| adv. （美）目前；不久/
He was shown to a small office. Presently, a young woman in a white coat came in.他被带到一间小办公室。之后不久，一个穿白色上衣的年轻女子走进来。
The island is presently uninhabited.那个岛目前还没人居住。
She is presently developing a number of projects.她目前在开发好几个项目。


n. 1 [C, U]（尤指对某人或对某个情况的）错误的观念，如幻想:
2 [C] 幻想出来的（实际不存在的）事物，如错觉、幻象、假象:
illusion |[ɪˈlu:ʒn]
I have no illusions about her feelings for me (= I know the truth is that she does not love me). 我对她跟我的感情不抱什么幻想。
I never had any grand illusions of winning. 我从未奢望过能赢。
She's under the illusion that (= believes wrongly that) she'll get the job. 她存有幻想，认为她会得到那份工作。
He could no longer distinguish between illusion and reality. 他再也分不清幻想与现实之间的区别了。
Do not have any illusions that an industrial tribunal will right all employment wrongs. 不要幻想一个劳资仲裁法庭能纠正所有的雇佣不公现象。
No one really has any illusions about winning the war. 没有人幻想能赢得这场战争。
I abandoned my romantic illusions a long time ago. 我很久以前就抛弃那些浪漫的幻想了。
They are under no illusions about the difficulties ahead of them. 他们对将要面对的种种困难没有抱任何幻想。
Within the first week at university all my illusions were shattered. 大学的第一个星期还没结束，我所有的幻想就已全部破灭了。
I think I have lost all the illusions I had left. 我觉得我原先抱有的所有幻想都已经破灭了。
She had no illusions about her attractiveness. 她对自己的吸引力不抱任何幻想。
Mirrors in a room often give an illusion of space. 房间里的镜子常给人一种空间增大的错觉。
The idea of absolute personal freedom is an illusion. 绝对个人自由的观念是一种幻想。
Floor-to-ceiling windows can give the illusion of extra height. 从地板直抵天花板的窗子会给人以高出实际距离的幻觉。
This eerie calm is an illusion. 这种怪诞的平静是一种假象。
To believe you have nothing more to learn is a dangerous illusion. 以为自己再没什么科学的想法是一种危险的错觉。
The road ahead looks wet, but in fact this is an optical illusion. 前方的路面看上去湿漉漉的，但实际上那只是视觉错觉。
I don't want to give him any false illusions. 我不想给他任何错觉。
The slogan provides the comforting illusion that something is being done. 这标语给人错觉，让人以为正在采取某种措施而感到欣慰。
The figure was only a trick of light, a mere illusion. 那个影像只不过是灯光造成的幻影，纯粹是错觉。
The huge size of the vehicle gives the illusion of safety. 庞大的车身给人以安全的错觉。
They are trying to maintain the illusion that the company is in good shape. 他们在努力维持公司运转良好的假象。
It turned out that their happy marriage was all an illusion. 结果发现他们的幸福婚姻完全是个错觉。

 She gently stroked his arms.  她轻轻地抚摸他的双臂。
 He patted me gently on the back.  他轻轻地在我背上拍了一下。
 She fingered the silk gently.  她轻轻地触摸丝绸。
gently |英 ['dʒentlɪ]  美 ['dʒɛntli]| adv. 轻轻地；温柔地，温和地/



n. [C] cry (for sth) 对某事物的迫切需求（或请求、要求）:
cry (about/over sth) 因悲伤或受伤而从眼里产生泪水，即哭泣:
n. [sing.] 哭的行为或哭的一段时间，即哭；一阵哭泣:
n. [C]（表达一种强烈情感的）呼喊，叫喊（而不说话）。常有一种撕心裂肺的感觉，一般并不悦耳:
vi.（鸟或动物）发出大的且令人不悦的声音:
n. [C]（鸟或动物发出的）声音:
vi. cry (for sth) 大声喊叫，呼喊:
n. [C] 大声喊叫（说话）:
n. [C] 尤用于构成复合词，指（表达一个群体的信念并号召人们展开行动的）口号:
cry |[kraɪ]
Her suicide attempt was really a desperate cry for help. 她的自杀企图实际上表明了她极度需要帮助。
vt.＆vi. cry (for sb/sth) 
The baby was crying for its mother. 婴儿哭着要妈妈。
He felt like crying with rage. 他气得想哭。
That night she cried herself to sleep. 那天晚上她哭着哭着就睡着了。
You’ll feel better when you’ve had a good cry. 痛哭一场后你会好受些。
She gave an agonized cry as they lifted the fallen branch from her leg. 他们搬开压在她腿上的树枝时，她痛苦地叫了一声。
He fell to the ground with a cry. 他叫了一声，摔倒在地。
a cry of despair, a cry of delight 绝望的叫喊；高兴的叫喊
Seagulls followed the boat, crying loudly. 海鸥追随着那条船，高声鸣叫着。
animal, bird cry 动物的嚎叫；鸟的鸣叫
‘You’re safe!’ Tom cried in delight.“你安全啦！”汤姆高兴地大声说道。
‘Never!’ he cried angrily.“绝不！”他愤怒地喊道。
She cried for help as the fire spread. 大火蔓延，她大喊救命。
With a cry of ‘Stop thief!’ he ran after the boy. 他一边喊 “抓贼啊！”一边追赶那男孩。
battle, rallying, war, warning cry 战斗口号；召集的喊声；战争口号；示警呼叫

adj.（人或其行为）对其他人不友好或不感兴趣的，即疏远的，冷漠的。此时不如distant常用:
adj. 只用于名词前，（时间上）久远的。含义与distant未见明显差别:
adj.（抽象联系上）遥远的:
n. [C] [非正式] 遥控器，相当于remote control:
adj. 只用于名词前，（人的亲戚）远房的，亲戚关系较远的。与distant在词义上未见明显差别:
adj.（计算机或系统）远程的（即可以在较远的地方通过电子链接来联接起来的）:
adj. remote (from sth) 与…有很大差异的，极不相同的，相差极大的。与distant未见明显差别:
adj. remote (from sth)（与其他人居住的地方）距离较远的，即偏远的，偏僻的，与isolated近义:
adj. 微小的，细微的，相当于slight（常修饰chance和possibility，指机会或可能性微乎其微的）:
remote |[rɪ'məʊt]
She looked so beautiful, and at the same time so remote. 她看上去如此漂亮，但同时又那么让人有距离感。
in the remote future 在遥远的将来 
a remote ancestor 远祖
Adulthood and responsibility seemed impossibly remote. 长大成人和肩负责任似乎遥不可及。
Jane felt remote from what was going on around her. 简感到身边发生的一切都离自己很遥远。
He flipped through the channels with the remote. 他用遥控器快速浏览了各个频道。
a remote cousin 远房堂亲
remote terminal, remote database 远程终端；远程数据库
His theories are somewhat remote from reality. 他的理论有点儿脱离现实。
to be remote from the people 疏远群众
a remote beach 偏远的海滩 
rural areas that are relatively remote 相对偏远的乡村地区 
The farmhouse is remote from any other buildings. 这家农舍附近没有别的房屋。
a remote chance 一线机会 
a fairly remote possibility 微乎其微的可能性 
I don’t have the remotest idea what you’re talking about. 你在说什么我一点都不懂。

adj.（空气或气候）潮湿的，通常还温暖的:
humid |[ˈhju:mɪd]
humid air, humid climate, humid weather 潮湿的空气；潮湿的气候；潮湿的天气 
humid heat 湿热的天气 
These ferns will grow best in a humid atmosphere. 这些蕨类植物在湿热的环境中长得最旺。
The island is hot and humid in the summer. 这个岛在夏季又热又潮湿。
Visitors can expect hot and humid conditions. 游客会遇到炎热潮湿的天气状况。
The day is overcast and humid. 天气多云潮湿。

adj.（图案等）精美的:
adj.（想法或言行）过度无节制的、不切实际的:
adj. 1（人）花很多钱的，购买很多不必要的东西的，即奢侈的、挥霍的、铺张浪费的:
We are not extravagant; restaurant meals are a luxury, and designer clothes are out. 我们并不铺张浪费:
2（事物）价格过高的、过于昂贵的、奢侈的:
adj.（想法或言行）过度无节制的、离谱的:
adj.（想法或言行）过度无节制的、不切实际的:
adj.（娱乐活动、图案等）令人赞叹的:
extravagant |[ɪkˈstrævəgənt]
painting extravagant and bold designs onto wooden frames 在木框架上绘制一些精美而又大胆的图案
Don't be afraid to consider apparently extravagant ideas. 要勇于考虑一些貌似离谱的想法。
the extravagant promises of politicians 政治家不切实际的承诺 
They have to compete by adorning their products with ever more extravagant claims. 他们不得不通过更加离谱地吹捧自己的产品来进行竞争。
I felt very extravagant spending £100 on a dress. 我觉得花100英镑买一条连衣裙太奢侈了。
She's got very extravagant tastes. 她有很奢侈的嗜好。
He had a wildly extravagant lifestyle. 他的生活穷奢极侈。
I go to that restaurant for lunch if I'm feeling extravagant. 如果我想奢侈一下，就去那家餐馆吃午餐。
I hope you don't think I'm extravagant but I've had the electric fire on for most of the day. 我几乎一整天都开着电热炉，希望你不会觉得我很浪费。
You mustn't be so extravagant with other people's money. 你不应该这么大手大脚地花别人的钱。
Residents were warned not to be extravagant with water, in view of the low rainfall this year. 鉴于今年降雨量少，居民被告诫不得浪费用水。
an extravagant present 昂贵的礼物 
Her Aunt Sallie gave her an uncharacteristically extravagant gift. 萨莉姨妈送给她一件贵得离谱的礼物。
Baking a whole cheese in pastry may seem extravagant. 烤点心时加一整块奶酪似乎太奢侈了。
Don't be afraid to consider apparently extravagant ideas. 要勇于考虑一些貌似离谱的想法。
They have to compete by adorning their products with ever more extravagant claims. 他们不得不通过更加离谱地吹捧自己的产品来进行竞争。
They may make extravagant shows of generosity. 他们可能会表现得过于慷慨。
He was extravagant in his admiration of Hellas. 他极度向往希腊。
the wildest and most extravagant London parties 伦敦最狂野、最美妙的聚会

n. 1 [U, C] 重复去做或说，即重做、重说、重复:
2 [C] 常指令人不快的事件的重复出现、重演:
3 [U, C] 重复的文字内容:
repetition |[ˌrepəˈtɪʃn]
learning by repetition 通过重复来学习 
If you can, perform multiple repetitions of this exercise on each hand. 如果可能，每只手都反复进行这项练习。
She said I should avoid repetition of words in my essay. 她说我的作文应该避免词语的重复使用。
the mindless repetition of the official line 对官方路线的机械重复 
the rote repetition of mythological formulas（尤美）对神话惯用词语的机械重复 
Blues is a musical form that uses a lot of repetition. 蓝调音乐是一种不断重复旋律的音乐。
At the risk of repetition (= although I have already mentioned this), it is worth mentioning again that young children are particularly vulnerable to accidents in the home. 虽然我已经说过了，但我还是要重复一遍，小孩子在家里尤其容易出事。
We do not want to see a repetition of last year's tragic events. 我们不想看到去年的悲剧重演。
Today the city government has taken measures to prevent a repetition of last year's confrontation. 今天市政府已经采取措施，防止去年的冲突重演。
Collins wants to avoid repetition of the confusion that followed the discovery in 1989 of the cystic fibrosis gene. 科林斯想要避免1989年发现囊肿性纤维化致病基因后的那种混乱局面再次出现。
He could also have cut out much of the repetition and thus saved many pages. 他原本也可以砍去许多重复的内容，从而缩减许多页。

vi. ~ (from sth)（从困境或不好的经历中）幸存下来:
vi. ~ (from sth)（从困境或不好的经历中）摆脱出来:
vi. ~ (from sth) 从黑暗处或隐蔽处出现:
vt.&vi.（事实、结果、想法等）出现、暴露、被知晓:
vi. ~ (as sth) 开始存在；出现或被知晓:
emerge |[iˈmɜ:dʒ;美iˈmɜ:rdʒ]
She emerged from the scandal with her reputation intact. 丑闻过后，她安然无恙，名声丝毫未受影响。           
their plans to emerge from bankruptcy by February of next year 他们计划于明年2月之前摆脱破产困境 
There is growing evidence that the economy is at last emerging from recession. 有越来越多的证据表明经济终于开始摆脱萧条。
The world is only slowly emerging from recession. 世界正在从经济衰退中走出来。          
The swimmer emerged from the lake. 游泳者从湖水中浮出来。
She finally emerged from her room at noon. 中午，她终于从屋里出来了。
Richard was waiting outside the door as she emerged. 她出现的时候，理查德正在门外等着。
The postman emerged from his van soaked to the skin. 邮递员从他的厢式货车中出来，浑身湿透了。
We emerged into bright sunlight. 我们来到明媚的阳光下。
The plant had fully emerged from the soil. 植物已从土壤里完全长出。
It emerged that the company was going to be sold. 事已清楚，这家公司准备售出。
Several facts started to emerge from my investigation. 我的调查使若干事实开始明朗。
No new evidence emerged during the investigation. 调查过程中未发现新证据。
One thing emerges very clearly from this study. 这项研究中有一点十分清楚地显现出来。
The answer to the problem quickly emerged. 问题的答案很快出现了。
It subsequently emerged that he had known about the deal all along. 随后的情况显示他一直都知道这件事。
the growing corruption that has emerged in the past few years 过去几年暴露出来的越来越多的腐败现象 
Problems with this drug are now beginning to emerge. 这种药物的问题开始暴露出来。
It soon emerged that neither the July nor August mortgage repayment had been collected. 很快就发现，原来7月和8月的抵押还款都没有偿还。
What eventually emerged from the election disaster was a realization that it was time for change. 这次选举失败最终表明了变革已成当务之急。
After the elections opposition groups began to emerge. 经过选举，反对派开始露头。
He emerged as a major figure in the reform movement. 他逐渐成为改革运动的重要人物。
Vietnam has emerged as the world's third-biggest rice exporter. 越南已跃居世界第三大稻米出口国。
the emerging markets of South Asia 正在兴起的南亚市场 
the new republic that emerged in October 1917 1917年10月成立的新共和国 
a loose alliance of developed and emerging countries 发达国家和新兴国家之间的松散联盟 
The Pacific region has rapidly emerged as a leading force on the world stage. 太平洋地区迅速崛起，成为世界舞台上的一支主要力量。
newly emerged/emerging newly emerging areas of science 新兴的科学领域 
the musical forms that emerged out of the American black experience 来源于美国黑人经历的音乐形式

lecture sb (about doing sth)（尤指以令被批评者烦恼的方式来对其进行）批评，责备，训斥，告诫:
n. [C]（因某人或某一群人犯错而对其进行的冗长的）训斥，批评，教训，责备:
n. [C] lecture (to sb) (on/about sth) 面对一群人针对某个主题所做的演讲:
n. [C] lecture (to sb) (on/about sth) 大学的讲座，讲课:
vi. lecture (in/on sth)（尤指在大学里）讲授，讲课，做讲座:
lecture |['lektʃə]
vt. lecture sb (about/on sth) 
to lecture me about my work 对我的工作指手画脚 
The teacher lectured him about his not finishing his homework. 老师批评他未完成作业。
She gave me a stern lecture on ingratitude. 她严厉地数落我如何忘恩负义。
I got a lecture from Dad about not coming home on time. 我没有按时回家，受到了爸爸的训斥。
I don’t need any lectures from you on responsibility. 用不着你来教育我要担当责任。
impromptu lecture 即兴演讲 
public lecture 公开演讲 
inaugural, introductory lecture 就职演说；开场演说 
keynote lecture 主题演讲 
memorial lecture 纪念演说
to attend a lecture on American history by Professor Tom 听汤姆教授的关于美国历史的讲座 
lecture hall 讲堂 
a lecture entitled ‘How to Prevent Food Poisoning’ 题为《怎样防止食物中毒》的讲座 
to lecture on the history of art 讲授艺术史 
to lecture in Chinese literature 讲授中国文学

vt. [正式] 公开支持某事，可称为拥护或提倡:
n. [C] advocate (of/for sth/sb)（某人、某项公共计划或行动的）支持者、拥护者、提倡者:
n. 1 [C] 辩护者，尤指辩护律师:
2 [C] 在苏格兰，最高法院的出庭律师（barrier）被称为advocate:
advocate |['ædvəkɪt]
The group does not advocate the use of violence. 该团体不支持使用暴力。
These policies have been widely advocated. 这些政策已得到广泛的拥护。
Many experts advocate rewarding your child for good behaviour. 很多专家主张对小孩的良好表现加以奖励。
The report advocated that all buildings be fitted with smoke detectors. 报告主张所有的建筑物都应安装烟火探测器。
an advocate of free trade 自由贸易的拥护者

You can refer to a written record of the discussions at a meeting or conference as the proceedings. 会议记录
The proceedings are an organized series of events that take place in a particular place. 行动
Legal proceedings are legal action taken against someone. 诉讼
proceedings |英 [prə'siːdɪŋz]  美 [prə'sidɪŋz]| n. 诉讼；行动（proceeding的复数形式）；会议记录；议程/
The DOT is to publish the conference proceedings.运输部将公布会议记录。
The proceedings of the inquiry will take place in private.调查行动将秘密进行。
...criminal proceedings against the former prime minister.…对前首相的刑事诉讼。


object (to doing sth/to sb doing sth) 表达不同意、不赞成或反对…。与oppose含义极其相近，但oppose是及物动词:
vt. 给出…作为反对的理由，相当于protest:
n. [C] 目的或宗旨:
n. [C] object of desire, study, attention等，可指某人所极欲得到、研究、注意等的对象（即某情感或反应的对象）:
n. [C] 目标:
n. [C] 目标:
n. [C]（看得见摸得着的）物体，物品，东西（非生命体）；固态物体:
n. [C] 宾语（直接宾语和间接宾语）:
object |['ɒbdʒɪkt,-dʒekt][əb'dʒekt]
vi. object (to sb/sth) 
Many local people object to the building of the new airport. 许多当地的居民反对兴建新机场。
If nobody objects, we’ll postpone the meeting till next week. 如果没有人反对，我们就把会议推迟到下周。
I objected on the grounds that it was unkind to the animals. 我反对的理由是这对动物来说太残忍。
He objected that the police had arrested him without sufficient evidence. 他抗辩说警方没有充分的证据就逮捕了他。
The object is to educate people about road safety. 目的就是教育人们注意交通安全。
The object of the exercise is to raise money for the charity. 此项活动的目的是为慈善筹款。
The object of her hatred was 24-year-old model Ros French. 她憎恨的对象是24岁的模特罗斯·弗伦奇。
Her sole object in life is to become a travel writer. 她人生的唯一目标就是当个游记作家。
The object of the game is to score as many points as possible. 游戏的目标是尽量多赢得分数。
Her sole object in life is to become a travel writer. 她人生的唯一目标就是当个游记作家。
The object of the game is to score as many points as possible. 游戏的目标是尽量多赢得分数。
everyday objects such as cups and saucers 诸如杯碟之类的日用品 
plastic objects 塑料制品 
egg-shaped object 椭圆形物品 
household object 居家用品 
decorative object 装饰物 
flying object 飞行物 
material, physical object 实物 
sacred object 圣物 
foreign objects in cans 罐头里的异物

adj. 只作前置定语，太阳的:
adj. 只作前置定语，太阳能的:
solar |['səʊlə]
solar radiation 太阳辐射 
the solar cycle 太阳活动周期
solar power, solar energy 太阳能

adj. 从一个团体或组织的内部成员那里了解到的，或由其内部成员所干的:
prep. [美尤用inside of] 少于某个时间量:
prep. [美尤用inside of] 在（或向）…内心:
adv. 在（或向）内心:
prep. [美尤用inside of] 在（或向）…里面:
adv. 在（或向）里面:
n. [C, usually sing.]（常用the inside）…的内里部分、内侧或内表面:
adj. 只用于名词前，内部的，里面的:
n. [pl.] insides 可指人的肠胃:
adv. [非正式] 在监狱里:
n. 1 [sing.] the inside 可指公路上靠近路边的部分（尤指慢车道）:
2 [sing.] the inside 可指道路（或跑道）拐弯处的内侧，里道:
inside |['ɪn'saɪd]
inside information 内部情报 
Any newspaper would pay big money to get the inside story on her marriage. 任何报纸都愿出高价购买关于她婚姻的内情。
The robbery appeared to have been an inside job. 这次抢劫像是内部人干的。
The job is unlikely to be finished inside (of) a year. 这项工作不大可能在一年之内完成。
Inside most of us is a small child screaming for attention. 我们大多数人的内心都藏着一个呼求关注的小孩。
I pretended not to care but I was screaming inside. 表面上我佯装不在乎，但内心却在高声喊叫。
Go inside the house. 进屋里吧。
Inside the box was a gold watch. 盒子里装着一只金表。
inside China 中国国内 
You’ll feel better with a good meal inside you. 你肚子饱了感觉就会好些的。
Inside most of us is a small child screaming for attention.（比喻用法）我们大多数人的内心都藏着一个呼求关注的小孩。
She shook it to make sure there was nothing inside. 她把它晃了晃，以确定里面没有东西。
We had to move inside when it started to rain. 开始下雨了，我们只好躲进屋里。
I pretended not to care but I was screaming inside.（比喻用法）表面上我佯装不在乎，但内心却在高声喊叫。
The inside of the box was blue. 盒子的内面呈蓝色。
The door was locked from the inside. 门从里面锁上了。
The shell is smooth on the inside. 贝壳内壁光滑。
the insides of the windows 窗户的内侧 
the inside pages of a newspaper 报纸的内页 
an inside pocket 里兜 
I was driving on the inside lane.（英）我当时驾车在慢车道上行驶。
She was so nervous, her insides were like jelly. 她紧张得六神无主。
He was sentenced to three years inside. 他被判三年监禁。
He tried to overtake on the inside. 他试图从慢车道超车。
The French runner is coming up fast on the inside. 法国的赛跑选手正从内圈迅速赶上来。

vt. [正式] introduce sth (into sth) 将某事物放入另一事物中，也可称为添入:
introduce sth (to sb) 使某人初次了解某事或使其初次做某事:
2 introduce sth (into/to sth) 使某事物（如一种新产品、一部新法律、一项新技术等）初次被采用、被讨论等，相当于bring in:
3 introduce sth (to/into sth)（向一个地方）初次引进一种植物、动物或疾病:
vt. 作为某个新事物的开始，如引出，引发等:
vt. 主持（电视或广播节目）；（向听众或观众）介绍（演讲者或演员）:
introduce yourself (to sb) 把两个或多个以前未见面的人彼此介绍给对方，也可叫引见；向别人介绍自己（如把自己的名字告诉对方）:
vt.（在议会中）正式提交一项新法案以供讨论:
introduce |[͵ɪntrə'dju:s][͵ɪntrə'dju:s]
Particles of glass had been introduced into the baby food. 这种婴儿食品中被掺进了玻璃碎屑。
vt. 1 introduce sb to sth 
The first lecture introduces students to the main topics of the course. 第一堂课是让学生了解这门课的主要内容。
It was she who first introduced the pleasures of sailing to me. 是她最先使我体会到了帆船运动的乐趣。
The company is introducing a new range of products this year. 公司今年将推出一系列新产品。
The new law was introduced in 1991. 这项新法律是于1991年开始实施的。
These measures have only been recently introduced. 这些措施是最近才推行的。
to introduce land reform 推行土地改革 
to introduce the latest technology 推介最新技术 
to introduce a term 引入一个术语 
Goats were introduced to the island. 山羊被引入该岛。
diseases inadvertently introduced to the area by settles 由定居者无意之中带入该地区的疾病
Bands from London introduced the craze for this kind of music. 伦敦的乐队引发了对这种音乐的狂热。
A slow theme introduces the first movement. 缓慢的主旋律引出了第一乐章。
The next programme will be introduced by Mary David. 下一个节目由玛丽·戴维主持。
May I introduce my first guest on the show tonight … 请让我介绍一下今晚节目的第一位嘉宾…
vt. introduce A (to B) 
introduce A and B 
Let me introduce myself. 请让我自我介绍一下。
May I introduce my wife, Sarah? 请允许我介绍一下我妻子萨拉。
She introduced me to her friends. 她把我介绍给她的朋友们。
to introduce a bill (before Parliament)（向议会）提交议案

Revolutionary ideas and developments involve great changes in the way that something is done or made. 革命性的
A revolutionary is a person who tries to cause a revolution or who takes an active part in one. 革命者
Revolutionary activities, organizations, or people have the aim of causing a political revolution. 革命的
revolutionary |英 [revə'luːʃ(ə)n(ə)rɪ]  美 ['rɛvə'lʊʃə'nɛri]| adj. 革命的；旋转的；大变革的/n. 革命者/
Invented in 1951, the rotary engine is a revolutionary concept in internal combustion.1951年发明的旋转引擎是内燃领域的一个革命性观念。
The revolutionaries laid down their arms and their leaders went into voluntary exile.这些革命者们放下了武器，他们的领袖们自愿流亡。
Do you know anything about the revolutionary movement?你对这次革命运动有什么了解吗？



sportsman |英 ['spɔːtsmən]  美 ['spɔrtsmən]| n. 运动员；运动家；冒险家/n. (Sportsman)人名；(英)斯波茨曼/



n. [不可数名词]（电视、广播等的）音量:
n. [U, C]（事物的）体积；（容器的）容积、容量:
n. [U, C] 某事物的数额、数量:
n. 1 [C]（缩写为vol.）成套书籍中的一卷、一册:
n. [C] [正式] 书籍:
volume |[ˈvɒlju:m;美ˈvɑ:l-;-jəm]
to turn the volume up 把音量调大 
He turned down the volume. 他调低了音量。
He came to complain about the volume of the music. 他过来抱怨音乐的音量。
the volume control on the television 电视机上的音量控制键 
The car stereo was on at full volume. 汽车里的立体声音响开到了最大音量。
How do you measure the volume of a gas? 你如何计量气体的体积？
It is 2,300 metres above sea level, so a given volume of air contains only about one-third as much oxygen as it would at sea level. 这是在海拔2,300米的高空，因此一定体积空气的含氧量只有海平面处的约1/3。
When egg whites are beaten they can rise to seven or eight times their original volume. 蛋清打散后，体积可增至原来的七八倍。
They sell screws and nails by volume. 他们按体积出售螺丝钉和钉子。
jars of different volumes 不同容量的罐子 
the total volume of the containers 集装箱的总容量 
two litres in volume 容积为两升           
the sheer volume (= large amount) of business 大量业务 
Sales volumes fell 0.2% in June. 六月份的销售额下降了0.2%。
production volume 生产量 
the volume of employment 雇佣的数量 
the volume of export 出口量 
volume discount 数量折扣 
This work has grown in volume recently. 这项工作的量最近增加了。
New roads are being built to cope with the increased volume of traffic. 正在修建新的道路以应付增加了的交通量。
the sheer volume of traffic and accidents 交通流量之大、事故之多 
The sheer volume of fiction produced is staggering. 创作的小说数量之巨令人吃惊。
urine volume 尿量
an encyclopedia in 20 volumes 一套20卷的百科全书 
the first volume of his autobiography 他自传的第一卷 
Her poems are now available in a single volume. 她的诗现在出了单卷本。
bound volumes of the magazine 杂志的合订本 
a volume of journal 一卷期刊          
a library of over 50 000 volumes 藏书5万多册的图书馆 
a slim volume of poetry 薄薄的一本诗集 
a volume of short stories 一卷短篇小说 
a volume on ancient history 一卷古代历史 
a 125-page volume 一本125页的书 
bound, leather-bound volume 精装本；皮装本 
a companion volume to the one on African wildlife 那本非洲野生动植物图书的姊妹篇 
Only a specialist shop would have this rare volume. 只有一家特别的商店才可能有这种珍本。
