barely						仅仅，几乎不
final					最终的，决定性的
confine				禁闭，限制
confines				界限，限制
creature							动物，人，工具
communism							共产主义
deceive				欺骗，使人误信
deceive oneself			自我欺骗
characterize				描绘，是...的特征
basis					基础，出发点，根据
species					种
part									部分，职责，方面，地区，分开
summarize				总结
signal							信号，标志，传达，表明
circulate							循环，传播，散发
religious								信教的，宗教的，肃穆的
massacre				大屠杀，惨败
decrease							减少
countryside					乡下
improvement			改善，增加，整修
precision				清晰，明确，精确
suppose							认为，设想
accident					事故，偶然的事
comprise			由...构成，组成
be comprised of		由...组成
penny				便士
compare							比较
character							性格，特性，字，名誉
genius			天才，天资，才干，特征
dedicate								献出
expose					揭露，暴露
formal			正式的，拘谨的，敷衍的，高尚的
same							相同的
\\\\\\\\

only just; almost not:
only a very short time before:只有很短的时间之前
in a simple and sparse way:以一种简单而稀疏的方式
openly; explicitly.:
barely |ˈbɛːli| Adverb/:,勉强
she nodded, barely able to speak:她点点头，几乎不能说话
they had barely sat down before forty policemen swarmed in:他们刚坐下，四十名警察就蜂拥而至
their barely furnished house:他们几乎没有家具的房子

n. [C]（一系列比赛的）决赛:
adj. 1 只用于名词前，在（或发生于）一系列事件、行动、陈述等的结尾的，即最终的，最后的:
2 只用于名词前，是某一过程的结果，即（结果）最终的，最后的:
3 无可争论的，或不可改变的。即最终的，决定性的:
n. [C]（一系列比赛的）决赛:
n. 1 [pl.] [英] finals 可指大学的毕业考试:
2 [C] [美] 学校里学期末的考试（尤指某一门课程的结业考试，即以后不会再学）:
final |['faɪnl]
She reached the final of the 100m hurdles. 她取得了100米跨栏的决赛权。
the 2006 World Cup Finals 2006 年世界杯决赛阶段 
grand final 总决赛 
women’s final 女子决赛
his final act as party leader 他作为党的领袖所采取的最后行动 
The referee blew the final whistle. 裁判吹响了终场的哨声。
The project is in its final stages. 这个项目到了最后阶段。
I’d like to return to the final point you made. 我想再谈谈你所说的最后一点。
the final product 成品 
the final outcome 最终结果 
The judge’s decision is final. 法官的判决是最终判决。
the final say 最后决定权 
I’ll give you $500 for it, and that’s my final offer! 我出价500美元，不再加价！
grand final 总决赛 
national final 全国总决赛 
women’s final 女子决赛 
the 2006 World Cup Finals 2006 年世界杯决赛阶段 
to reach the final 进入决赛 
Russia met Canada in the final. 俄罗斯队和加拿大队在决赛中相遇。
to study for finals 为准备期末考试而学习 
to take finals 参加期末考试 
to fail, to pass finals 未通过期末考试；通过期末考试 

vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb/sth (in sth) 关押在一个小的（或封闭的）空间:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb/sth to sth 使某人或某事物限定在某个活动领域、主题、区域等，即限制、限定。相当于restrict:
vt. [常用被动式] ~ sb/sth (in sth) 将一个人或动物限制在一个小的（或封闭的）空间:
vt. be confined to bed, a wheelchair, etc. 使离不开（或受困于床、轮椅等）:
confine |[kənˈfaɪn]
The soldiers concerned were confined to barracks (= had to stay in the barracks, as a punishment). 有关的士兵已受到不得离开营房的禁闭处分。
He announced that the army and police had been confined to barracks. 他通告说军队和警察已经被禁闭在营房中不得外出。
Condemned prisoners are typically confined to small cells for 23 hours a day. 死刑犯通常一天有23小时被关押在很小的牢房里。
The discussion will be confined largely to general principles. 讨论主要局限于整体原则。
They confined themselves to purely economic matters. 他们将自己局限于纯粹的经济问题上。Let's confine our attention to the problem of illegal drugs. 让我们把注意力集中在违禁药物的间题上。
He did not confine himself to the one language. 他没把自己局限于这一门语言。
Yoko had largely confined her activities to the world of big business. 洋子主要是做大生意。
I will confine myself to looking at the period from 1900 to 1916. 我将把自己考察的范围限定在1900年至1916年这段时间以内。
The US will soon be taking steps to confine the conflict. 美国很快就会采取措施限制冲突。
Health officials have successfully confined the epidemic to the Tabatinga area. 卫生官员成功地将疫情控制在塔巴廷加地区。
The work will not be confined to the Glasgow area. 此项工作不会局限于格拉斯哥地区。
These small mammals are generally confined to the south of the island. 这些小型哺乳动物一般只出没于该岛南部。
Poverty and deprivation are by no means confined to the north of the country. 贫困并不仅仅只存在于这个国家的北部。
Not all horror stories are safely confined to the television set or movie screen.（safely尤为美式用法）并非所有恐怖故事都安全地只出现在电视或电影中。
Keep the dog confined in a suitable travelling cage. 把狗关进适于旅行的笼子里。
The soldiers concerned were confined to barracks (= had to stay in the barracks, as a punishment). 有关的士兵已受到不得离开营房的禁闭处分。
He announced that the army and police had been confined to barracks. 他通告说军队和警察已经被禁闭在营房中不得外出。
Condemned prisoners are typically confined to small cells for 23 hours a day. 死刑犯通常一天有 23小时被关押在很小的牢房里。
The woman will be confined to a mental institution. 这个女人将被关进精神病院。
Here the river is confined in a narrow channel. 这条河在这里流入狭窄的河床。
She was confined to bed with the flu. 她因患流感卧病在床。
He was confined to a wheelchair after the accident. 经过那场事故后他就离不开轮椅了。

n. [pl.] [正式] confines可指范围；界限；边界:
n. [pl.] [正式] confines可指（形势、制度、体制或活动上的）局限、限制:
confines |[ˈkɒnfaɪnz;美ˈkɑ:n-]
The movie is set entirely within the confines of the abandoned factory. 电影的拍摄完全是在这个废弃的工厂厂区内进行。
The dim, familiar confines of the room grew clearer as my eyes adjusted to the indoor darkness. 随着我的眼睛适应了室内的黑暗、房间内昏暗、熟悉的一切变得清楚起来。
The next two games are in the friendly confines of Wrigley Field. 接下来的两场比赛在里格利球场举行，气氛友好。
She returned to the cosy/cozy confines of her lodgings on the second floor. 她回到了自己位于二楼的温馨住所。
She stepped into the cool, dark confines of a roadside inn. 她走进了路旁—家凉爽、昏暗的小旅馆。
in the quiet confines of a Bloomington hotel room 在布卢明顿酒店安静的房间内 
a chance to escape the stuffy confines of the town 逃离那座沉闷的城市的机会 
It is a story that must not escape the confines of this room. 这是一个只限于在这间屋子里讲的故事。
It took him some effort to leave the comfy confines of his room. 他下了很大的决心才离开了自己舒适的房间。
Most airmen aren't allowed to leave the confines of the base. 大多数飞行员不允许走出该基地。
They left the half-lit streets and entered the confines of a cemetery. 他们离开了半明半暗的街道，进入了公墓区。
He spent three years within the narrow confines of the prison. 他在监狱狭小的空间里度过了三年。
The gay community is transcending the narrow confines of the ghetto. 同性恋人群不再局限于贫民窟的狭窄圈子。
the wild grass and weeds that grew in the confines of the grandstand 大看台上丛生的野草 
It is beyond the confines of human knowledge. 这超出了人类的知识范围。
issues that go beyond the limited confines of the book 超出本书限定范围的问题 
She wanted to experience things outside the close confines of family life. 她想体验—下封闭的家庭生活以外的生活。
She longed to leave the confines of her household. 她渴望摆脱家庭的束缚。
away from the confines of the British class system 超越英国社会等级制度的限制 
I can't stand the confines of this marriage. 我受不了这段婚姻的限制。
within the strict confines of the law 在法律严格限定的范围内

n. [C] 除植物以外的任何生物，例如动物，尤指人们未知或不熟悉的生物，也可指想象中的动物和生物:
n. [C] 尤置于形容词后，表示具有某种特征的人:
creature |['kri:tʃə]
a living creature 一个活着的生物 
primitive, simple creature 原始生物；简单生物 
complex creature 复杂生物 
intelligent creature 有智力的生物 
the wild creatures of the forest 森林里的野生动物 
social creature 群居动物 
water creature 水生生物 
woodland creature 林地动物 
four-legged creature 四足动物 
alien creature 外星生物 
mythological creature 神话中的生物 
monstrous creature 怪物
You strange creature! 你这个古怪的家伙！

n. 1 [U] 信仰意义上的共产主义:
2 [U] Communism可指制度意义上的共产主义，即共产主义制度:
communism |['kɒmjunɪzəm]
international communism 国际共产主义 
Soviet communism 苏维埃共产主义 
the rise of communism 共产主义的兴起 
to establish the Communism 建立共产主义制度

vt. ~ sb (into doing sth) 欺骗:
vt.&vi. 某事物使人对…有一个错误的观念:
deceive |[dɪˈsi:v]
Her husband had been deceiving her for years. 她丈夫多年来一直在欺骗她。
She deceived him into handing over all his savings. 她把他所有的积蓄都骗了出来。
The public should not be deceived into buying inferior goods. 不应欺骗公众购买劣质货品。
You're deceiving yourself if you think he'll change his mind. 如果你认为他会改变主意，那你是在欺骗自己。
Alcoholics are notorious for their ability to deceive themselves about the extent of their problem. 酗酒者善于在自身问题的严重性上自欺欺人，这是人所共知的。
His gentle, kindly appearance did not deceive me. 我没有被他文雅和善的外表所蒙蔽。
The boys, if my eyes did not deceive me, were praying. 如果我没有看错的话，那些男孩子正在祈祷。
Unless my eyes deceive me, that's his wife. 如果我没有看错的话，那是他的妻子。          

describe the distinctive nature or features of:描述独特的性质或特征
(of a feature or quality) be typical or characteristic of:（一个特征或质量的）是典型的或特征的
characterize |ˈkarɪktərʌɪz| Verb/:,刻画
she characterized the period as the decade of revolution:she将这一时期描述为革命的十年
the disease is characterized by weakening of the immune system:该病的特点是免疫系统减弱

n. 1 [sing.]（人们采取某种行动的）缘由，原因，理由:
2 [C]（用以证明或判断…的）事实或论据，即依据:
n. [sing.] 组织或安排事物的某种方式，即准则，基准，方式:
n. [sing.] 组织或安排事物的某种方式，即准则，基准，方式:
n. [C, usually sing., U]（…所从发生并得以进一步发展的）基础:
basis |['beɪsɪs]
to make decision on the basis of the report 基于这份报告而做出决定 
to seek legal basis 寻找法律依据 
factual, rational, scientific, theoretical basis 事实依据；理性依据；科学依据；理论依据 
Your opinion have no basis in fact. 你的观点没有事实依据。
on a regular basis 以有规律的方式 
on an equal basis 以平等的方式 
Staff are employed on a monthly basis. 员工是按月雇的。
Each application is considered on a case-by-case basis. 每份申请都要根据其不同的情况逐一进行考虑。
on a regular basis 以有规律的方式 
on an equal basis 以平等的方式 
Staff are employed on a monthly basis. 员工是按月雇的。
Each application is considered on a case-by-case basis. 每份申请都要根据其不同的情况逐一进行考虑。
Mutual trust will be a basis for cooperation. 互信是合作的基础。
The proposal provides a sound basis for a book. 这个选题文案是一本书的可靠基础。

n. [C]（动植物的）物种、种:
species |[ˈspi:ʃi:z]
a rare species of beetle 一种稀有甲虫 
There are many species of dog(s). 狗有许多种。
a conservation area for endangered species 濒危物种保护区 
Pandas are an endangered species. 熊猫是濒危物种。
There are several thousand species of trees here. 这里有几千种树。
the threat posed by non-native invasive species 非本地物种入侵带来的威胁 
The area is rich in different plant species. 该地区植物物种丰富。
the development of the human species 人类的进化 
Similar species of fish occur in Mongolia. 相似的鱼类物种在蒙古出现。
a native species of fish 一种本地鱼 
a member of a species 物种成员 
animal, bird, insect, mammal, tree species 动物物种；鸟类物种；昆虫物种；哺乳类物种；树木物种

n. [U] 成员:
n. 1 [U] part of sth 部分。是一个基础用词，也是一个常规用词，含义最为广泛，也最常用:
2 [C] 某事物的一个片段、部分或一点儿:
3 [U] 成员；成分:
adv. 常构成复合词，指由两部分构成；在一定程度上；部分地:
n. [C, usually sing., U] …参与到某个行动或情况的方式，即参与，参加:
vi. [正式] part (from sb)（人）分别；分离:
vt. [正式] part sb (from sb) 常用被动式，阻止某人与其他人在一起，即分离；隔离；分开:
vt.＆vi. 两个事物（或事物的两个部分）分开；把两个事物（或事物的两个部分）分开:
n. [C] [美] 用梳子给头发分的缝，相当于parting:
vt. 用梳子把头发梳成分头:
n. [C] 演员的角色。是一个简单用词:
n. [C]（电视系列片的、尤指单独播出的）集:
n. [C] 演员的台词。也是一个简单用词:
n. [C]（人或动植物的）身体器官。是一个简单用词:
n. [C]（人或动植物的）身体部位:
n. 1 [C]（世界、国家或城镇等的）区域，地区。表地区之义时，是其他表示具体地区的词汇的上位词，其语义涵盖了各种各样的“地区”，本组其他词除“way”外，都隶属于part之下。但该词一般只与代词、表方向的词和表位置的词等连用，表示一个普通的纯地理意义上的“地区”，如this part（这个地区）、northern part（北部地区）；而当要表示一个具体的具有某种特征的地区时，一般要让位于district、belt等词，如果用business part，虽然在宽泛的意义上这样说也不算错，但是表达效果不如business district精确:
2 [pl.] [旧时，非正式] 区域，地区:
n. [C]（度量单位的）等份；份（用以对比各部分的数量）:
n. [C] 机器的部件，零件。是一个简单用词。但在词义上与component未见明显区别:
n. [C]（人的）身体部位:
n. [C] 音乐中可指（团体演唱或演奏中声音或乐器的）部；声部；音部；段落:
n. [C]（书籍的、尤指单独发行的）部分，部:
part |[pɑːt]
You need to be able to work as part of a team. 你必须能作为团队的一员去工作。
Annie had never been part of the in-crowd. 安妮从未成为那个小圈子的一员。
We spent part of the time in the museum. 我们花了一部分时间在博物馆。
Part of the building was destroyed in the fire. 大楼的一部分毁于火灾。
Part of me feels sorry for him. 我有点同情他。
The worst part was having to wait three hours. 最糟糕的是要等三个小时。
the early part of her life 她年轻的时候 
The novel is good in parts. 小说的一些章节不错。
We’ve done the difficult part of the job. 我们已完成了工作的困难部分。
You need to be able to work as part of a team. 你必须能作为团队的一员去工作。
She’s part French, part English. 她是英法血统各半。
His feelings were part anger, part relief. 他感到既愤怒，又解脱。
Luck played a big part in it. 运气起了很大的作用。
She did her part in bringing them back together. 为促成他们复合，她尽了力。
They took little part in the discussion. 他们基本上没有参加讨论。
He had no part in the decision. 他没有参与这项决定。
We parted at the airport. 我们在机场分别了。
He has recently parted from his wife. 他最近与妻子分离了。
I hate being parted from the children. 我不愿与孩子们分开。
The puppies were parted from their mother at birth. 小狗崽儿一出生就和它们的妈妈分开了。
I don’t believe Laverne and I will ever be parted. 我相信拉弗内和我永远都不会分开。
The crowd parted in front of them. 人群在他们面前分开了。
The elevator doors parted and out stepped the President. 电梯门打开了，总统从里面走出。
Her lips were slightly parted. 她的嘴唇微微张开。
She parted the curtains a little and looked out. 她略扒开窗帘，向外张望。
He parts his hair in the middle. 他梳着中分头。
He fits the part well. 他很适合这个角色。
She sings the part of Medea. 她演唱美狄亚一角。
She played the part of Juliet. 她扮演朱丽叶。
He’s always playing a part.（比喻用法）他总是装模作样的。
The final part will be shown next Sunday evening. 最后一集将于下星期天晚上播出。
Have you learned your part yet? 你记住你的台词了吗？ 
the parts of the body 身体各部位
the northern part of the country 该国北部地区 
a plant that grows in many parts of the world 生长在世界许多地区的一种植物 
Which part of Japan do you come from? 你是日本哪个地区的人？
Come and visit us if you’re ever in our part of the world. 什么时候到我们这个地方来，请来看看我们。
She’s not from these parts. 她不是这一带的人。
He’s just arrived back from foreign parts. 他刚从外地回来。
Add three parts wine to one part water. 一份水兑上三份葡萄酒。
Cut it into four equal parts. 将它切成四等份。
car, motorcycle part 汽车零件；摩托车零件 
aircraft part 飞行器零件 
the working parts of the machinery 机器的运行部件 
replacement, spare part 备件 
part number 部件编号
the parts of the body 身体各部位 
He lost part of his foot. 他的一只脚残废了。
the clarinet part 单簧管部 
four-part harmony 四部和声
an encyclopedia published in 25 weekly parts 每周出版一部分，共分25周出齐的百科全书 
Henry IV, Part II《亨利四世》第二篇

vt.&vi. 总结、概括、概述:
The results of the survey can be summarized as follows... 调查结果可以总结如下:
summarize |[ˈsʌməraɪz]
The results of the research are summarized at the end of the chapter. 在这一章末尾对研究结果作了总结。
The research has been usefully summarized in an article by Greenwood. 该研究在格林伍德的一篇文章中已作了很有助益的总结。
Table 3.1 summarizes the information given above. 表格 3.1 是对以上信息的总结。
The costs are ~d in Table 5. 成本概述见表5。
Basically, the article can be summarized in three sentences. 这篇文章基本上可以概述为三句话。

vt. 成为（…存在或某事极有可能发生的）标志，即预示，相当于indicate。二者未见明显差别:
n. [C] 作为…的存在或发生之标志的一次事件、行动或一个事实，也可叫做标志，信号，相当于indication:
vt. 做某事以表达自己的感情或观点:
n. [C]（例如向收音机或电视机）传输声音、图像或消息等的一系列电波，即信号:
n. [C]（向某人或某事物传递信息、指令、警告等所用的）信号，暗号，类似于sign:
vt.＆vi. signal (to sb) 向某人发信号（如做出某种动作或发出某种声音）来传达消息、命令等:
n. [C]（尤指铁路和公路上的）指示灯，信号灯，红绿灯:
adj. [正式] 只作前置定语，重要的，重大的:
signal |['sɪɡnəl]
This announcement signalled a clear change of policy. 这则声明预示政策有明显的改变。
The scandal surely signals the end of his political career. 毫无疑问，这桩丑闻预示他的政治生涯就此结束。
A fall in demand does not necessarily signal the death of the industry. 需求的减少并不一定意味着该行业走向穷途末路。
The rise in inflation is a clear signal that the government’s policies are not working. 通货膨胀率的上升清楚地表明，政府的政策不起作用。
Chest pains can be a warning signal of heart problems. 胸部疼痛可能是心脏病的报警信号。
Reducing prison sentences would send the wrong signals to criminals. 减刑会向犯罪分子发出错误的信号。
He signalled his discontent by refusing to vote. 他拒绝投票以示不满。
She has signalled (that) she is willing to stand as a candidate. 她表示愿意作为候选人参加竞选。
audio, digital, electrical, light, radar, satellite, television signal 音频信号；数字信号；电信号；光信号；雷达信号；卫星信号；电视信号 
signal strength 信号强度
They fired three distress signals. 他们发射了三次遇难求救信号。
prearranged signal事先约定的信号 
alarm, danger signal 报警信号；危险信号 
hand, smoke signal 手势；烟雾信号 
The insect’s yellow spots act as a warning signal to its predators. 昆虫身上的黄点是向其天敌发出的警告信号。
She made a signal for the car to stop. 她打了个手势，让汽车停下了。
Don’t fire until I signal. 等我发出信号后再开枪。
Did you signal before you turned right? 右转弯前你示意了吗？
She tried to signal to the bus driver to stop. 她试图打手势让公共汽车司机停车。
The referee signalled a foul. 裁判鸣哨示意犯规。
He signalled to the waiter for the bill. 他示意服务员结账。
She signalled (that) it was time to leave. 她示意该走了。
The traffic signals were on red. 交通信号灯亮着红灯。
a stop signal 停车信号 
signal failure（英）信号灯故障 
railroad（美）, railway（英）signal 铁路信号灯
a signal honour 极大的荣誉

vt.＆vi.（液体、气体、空气）绕着一个地方或一个系统持续运动，即循环、环流:
vt.＆vi.（故事、思想、信息等）流传或散布:
vt. circulate sth (to sb) 将物品或信息传送给一个群体内的所有人，如传送、传递、传阅:
vi.（尤指在聚会上）绕着一群人走动并与不同的人交谈，即往来应酬、周旋:
circulate |['sə:kjəleɪt]
The heart circulates blood around the body. 心脏使血液在体内循环。
Cooled air is circulated throughout the building. 冷气在整座大楼循环。
Rumours began to circulate about his financial problems. 有关他财务问题的谣言开始流传开来。
There’s a story circulating around the office that you are about to leave. 办公室里有传言说你要离职。
The document will be circulated to all members. 这份文件将在所有成员中传阅。
newspapers circulating among students 在学生中传阅（或发行）的报纸 
The book was circulated widely in Russia. 这本书在俄罗斯广为流传。

adj. 1 只作前置定语，指与宗教或某一宗教有关的，即宗教的。是此义的常规用词:
2（人）笃信神的，即笃信宗教的，虔诚的:
religious |[rɪ'lɪdӡəs]
religious groups 宗教团体 
religious beliefs, religious faith 宗教信仰 
Yoga is religious. 瑜伽具有宗教性质。
a deeply religious person 笃信宗教的人 
He is very religious. 他非常虔诚。

vt. 屠杀大量人口:
n. [C, U]（尤指以残忍的方式）杀害很多人，即屠杀:
n. [C, U] [非正式] 运动或比赛、竞争中的惨败:
The game was a 10–0 massacre for our team. 这场比赛我们队以0:
vt. [非正式] 在运动或比赛、竞争中使某人惨败:
massacre |[ˈmæsəkə(r)]
300 civilians are believed to have been massacred by the rebels. 据信有300位平民被叛乱分子残杀。
Troops indiscriminately massacred the defenceless population. 军队肆无忌惮地屠杀手无寸铁的民众。
the bloody massacre of innocent civilians 对无辜平民的血腥屠杀 
Nobody survived the massacre. 这次大屠杀无人幸免。

vt.＆vi. decrease (from sth) (to sth) 某事物的尺寸、数量等变得越来越小；使某事物的尺寸、数量等变得越来越小。是一个常规用词之一:
decrease (of sth) 减少某事物的过程；或某事物的减少量。相当于reduction:
decrease |[dɪ'kri:s]
The price of wheat has decreased by 15%. 小麦价格降低了15%。
a decreasing population 逐渐减少的人口 
People should decrease the amount of fat they eat. 人们应减少脂肪的摄入量。
Spending has decreased slightly this year. 今年的花费略有减少。
to decrease in value 价值降低 
The heart gradually decreases in size. 心脏逐渐变小。
There has been some decrease in military spending this year. 今年的军费开支有所减少。
a decrease of nearly 6% in the number of visitors to the museum 参观博物馆人数下降将近6% 
a sharp decrease in pollution 污染的大幅减少 
a decrease in demand 需求减少 
a decrease in sales 销售减少 
a decrease in confidence 信心的减少

n. [U] 城镇和城市以外的土地，包括土地、树林等，即乡村:
countryside |['kʌntrɪsaɪd]
beautiful countryside 美丽的乡村 
open countryside 开阔的乡村 
green countryside 绿意盎然的乡村 
to wander around the countryside 在乡间漫步 
to live in the countryside 住在乡下

n. 1 [U] ~ (in/on/to sth) 改善；改进:
2 [C] ~ (in/on sth) 改进之处；改善的事物:
improvement |[ɪmˈpru:vmənt]
Sales figures continue to show signs of improvement. 销售额持续显示出增加的迹象。
There is still room for improvement in your work. 你的工作尚有改进的余地。
We expect to see further improvement over the coming year. 我们期望来年会有更进一步的改善。
the dramatic improvements in organ transplantation in recent years 近几年器官移植方面取得的巨大进步 
an improvement in Anglo-German relations 英德关系的改善 
This is a great improvement on your previous work. 你的工作比先前有很大进步。
improvements to the bus service 公共汽车服务的改善 
The new Prime Minister is an improvement on his predecessor. 新上任的总理比他的前任要强。
The system we introduced in 1980 has been a great improvement. 我们 1980 年引进的系统有了很大改进。

n. [U] 精确、准确；精密；细致:
precision |[prɪˈsɪʒn]
The captain struck again with deadly precision. 队长再次打出极度准确的一击。
The rebels launched missiles with pinpoint precision. 反政府武装发射了多枚精准导弹。
They back their forces with precision air strikes. 他们以准确的空袭支援自己的部队。
We can now choose our targets with greater precision. 现在我们能以更高的精度选择目标。
Chimps are able to manipulate objects with a high degree of precision. 黑猩猩能够非常准确地操控物品。
surgery which requires great precision 需要极其精确的外科手术 
precision engineering精密工程 
a new era of precision in engineering 工程精密的新时代 
precision instrument, precision tool 精密仪器；精密工具 
the finest timepieces and precision instruments 最精确的钟表和精密仪器 
high precision measurement tools 高精度测量工具 
precision measurements of these atoms 这些原子的高精度测量 
high-tech precision weapons 高科技精密武器 
The interior is planned with a precision the military would be proud of. 内部设计一丝不苟，足以让军方引以为豪。
Historians can't estimate the date with any (degree of) precision. 历史学家无法准确估算这个日期。
These items cannot be dated with any precision. 这些物品的年代无法精准地确定。
The choir sang with precision. 唱诗班的演唱准确无误。
He chose his words with precision. 他用词确切。
Any lack of precision in the contract could give rise to a dispute. 合同中任何不确切的表述都可能引起争端。
analytical, mathematical, military, scientific, surgical, technical precision 分析的精确性；数学的精确性；军队的严谨；科学的严谨；手术的精确；技术上的精确 
He organized the team with military precision. 他以军队般的严谨建成了这支队伍。
His rambling writing style just lacks precision. 他散漫的写作风格恰恰缺乏精确。

vt.＆vi.（基于自己已有的知识）认为或相信某事是真实或可能的:
vt.&vi.（根据所知）认为、料想（某事是真的或可能的）:
vt. 假定（某事是真的）、假设（某事是真的将会发生什么）:
vt.&vi. 用于婉转表达一个陈述、要求、建议、询问意见、不耐烦或有些生气，如我看、要我说、要不:
vt.＆vi. 用于婉转地做出陈述、请求或建议，即要我说，要不，我看:
vt.&vi.（根据所知）推断（某事是真的或可能的）:
suppose |[sə'pəʊz][səˈpəʊz;美səˈpoʊz]
Getting a visa isn’t as simple as you might suppose. 办签证不像你想的那么容易。
Prices will go up, I suppose. 我觉得物价将会上涨。
She had supposed him (to be) very rich.（正式用法）她原以为他很有钱。
We commonly suppose that space and time are continuous. 我们通常认为空间和时间是连续的。
There is no reason to suppose she’s lying. 没理由认为她在撒谎。
Getting a visa isn't as simple as you might suppose. 办签证不像你想的那么容易。
Prices will go up, I suppose. 我觉得物价将会上涨。
We commonly suppose that space and time are continuous. 我们通常认为空间和时间是连续的。
It's reasonable to suppose that people go into this business in search of fame. 有理由认为人们进入这一行是为了出名。
This combination of qualities is generally supposed to be extremely rare.（正式）一般认为，同时具有这样一些品质极为罕见。
She had supposed him (to be) very rich.（正式）她原以为他很有钱。
I had supposed his wife a younger woman.（正式）我原以为他妻子要更年轻。
I don't suppose for a minute that he'll agree (= I'm sure that he won't). 我认为他决不会同意。
There is no reason to suppose she's lying. 认为她在说谎完全没道理。
I suppose you think it's funny, do you? (= showing anger) 你好像觉得这很好笑，是不是？
The policy is perfectly clear and I see no reason to suppose that it isn't working. 这项政策非常清楚明了，我没有理由认为它不会奏效。
I knew very well that the problem was more complex than he supposed. 我很清楚那个问题比他料想的要更复杂。
Suppose flights are fully booked on that day─which other day could we go? 假定那天的航班都订满了——我们还可以在哪天走呢？
Let us suppose, for example, that you are married with two children. 比方说，我们假设你成家了，还有两个孩子。
The theory supposes the existence of life on other planets.（正式）这个理论假定其他行星存在生命。
Suppose him dead─what then?（正式）假如他死了——那怎么办？
Suppose someone gave you an egg and asked you to describe exactly what was inside. 假设有人给了你一枚鸡蛋并要你准确描述鸡蛋里面有什么。
Supposing he's right and I do die tomorrow? Maybe I should take out an extra insurance policy. 假设他是对的，我确实明天就会死，那该怎么办？也许我应该再买一份保险。
I could take you in the car, I suppose (= but I don't really want to). 要不你坐我的车。
Do you suppose we could get together for a little chat sometime soon? 我们最近能抽空聚在一起聊上几句吗？
‘Can I borrow the car? ’ ‘I suppose so (= Yes, but I'm not happy about it).’ “我能借这辆车吗？”“应该可以吧。”
I don't suppose (that) I could have a look at your newspaper, could I? 我能不能看看您的报纸？
Suppose we take a later train? 要不我们坐晚一点的火车？
I get a bit uptight these days. Hormones, I suppose. 这些天我有点焦躁。我看是荷尔蒙在作怪。
I suppose I'd better do some homework. 我看我最好做做功课。
I don't suppose you could tell me where James Street is could you? 你能否告诉我詹姆斯街在哪儿？
Do you suppose he was telling the truth? 你认为他说的是实话吗？
What do you suppose they want with her? 你认为他们想从她那里得到什么？
I suppose you think you're funny. 我想你认为自己很好笑。
I don't suppose it occurred to you to notify the police. 我看你没想过要去通知警察。
I could take you in the car, I suppose (= but I don’t really want to). 要不你坐我的车。
‘Can I borrow the car?’ ‘I suppose so (= Yes, but I’m not happy about it).’ “我能借这辆车吗？”“应该可以吧。” 
Why do you suppose he resigned? 你凭什么推断他辞职了呢？

n. [C] 一次令人不快的事件，尤指意外发生且造成伤害的事故，且多指交通事故:
n. [C, U] 意外且未经提前计划而发生的事，即偶然的事，意外:
accident |['æksɪdənt]
hit-and-ran accident（汽车驾驶员等）肇事逃逸事故 
car, road, traffic accident 汽车事故；公路事故；交通事故 
aircraft accident 飞行事故 
boating, climbing accident 划船事故；登山事故 
accident black spot（英）事故多发地段 
accident victim 事故受害者 
accident prevention 事故的预防 
accident investigation 事故的调查 
accident report 事故的报道 
accident rate 事故发生率 
the scene of the accident 事故现场
It was just an accident. 那仅仅是个意外。
an accident of change 变化的偶然性 
an accident of fate 命运的偶然性 
happy accident 意外的惊喜 
historical accident 历史的偶然 
We met by accident at the airport. 我们在机场偶然相遇。

vt.（不用于进行时）是（某事物的）组成部分，即组成、构成。相当于make sth up:
vt.（不用于进行时）（也可用be comprised of）包含（人或事物作为其成员）。相当于consist of:
comprise |[kəmˈpraɪz]
Older people comprise a large proportion of those living in poverty. 在那些生活贫困的人中，老年人占有很大的比例。
Women comprise 44% of hospital medical staff. 女性占医院医护人员的44%。
the multitude of ideas, ambitions and regrets that comprises the culture of Russia today 构成现今俄罗斯文化的众多观点、抱负和遗憾
The collection comprises 327 paintings. 这部画册收有327幅画。
The exhibition comprises 50 oils and watercolours. 展览陈列了50幅油画和水彩画。
The committee is comprised of representatives from both the public and private sectors. 委员会由政府和私人部门的双方代表组成。
The special cabinet committee comprises Mr Brown, Mr Mandelson, and Mr Straw. 特别内阁委员会包括布朗先生、曼德尔森先生和斯特劳先生。

n. 1 [C] 在英国可指便士:
2 [C] 在美国可指美分（不过在美国，cent比penny更常用）:
penny |['penɪ]
a few pennies in my pocket 我口袋里的几个便士的硬币 
That will be 45 pence, please. 一共是45便士。
100 pennies 100美分的钱币

compare A with/to B 将不同的人或事物进行对比或比较（以看其相似或相异程度）:
2 compare A to B 表明某人或某事物与其他人或事物相似，如比喻等:
vi. compare with/to sb/sth与其他人或事物相似（无论其他人或事物是好还是糟），即与…同样好或同样糟:
vt. compare A to B 相提并论:
n. [sing.] [文学] beyond/without compare 同类中无与伦比、举世无双:
compare |[kəm'peə]
vt. 1 compare A and B 
to compare their situation and ours 把他们的状况与我们的相比 
We compared the two reports carefully. 我们仔细地比较了这两份报告。
Standards in health care have improved enormously compared to 40 years ago. 与40年前相比，卫生保健的水平得到了极大提高。
This school compares with the best in the country. 这所学校可与全国最好的学校媲美。
This house doesn’t compare with our previous one. 这房子比不上我们以前的。
I’ve had some difficulties, but they were nothing compared to yours. 我遇到了一些困难，但与你的困难比起来就不算什么了。
Their prices compare favourably with those of their competitors. 他们的价格比竞争者的要优惠。
These mountains do not compare with the Himalayas. 这些山不能与喜马拉雅山相比。
Few things compare with the joy of walking on a bright spring morning. 没有什么比在阳光明媚的春日早晨散步更惬意的了。
The critics compared his work to that of Martin Amis. 评论家把他的作品和马丁·埃米斯的相提并论。
The golfer Tiger Woods is often compared to Jack Nicklaus. 人们常把高尔夫球手“老虎”伍兹与杰克·尼古拉斯相提并论。

n. [C, U] [正式] 人们对某人所持有的观点，尤其是他们认为此人是否可信赖或可依靠，即人品；声望；名誉；名气。是一个基础用词:
n. [U] 褒义，指坚强的个人品质，如处理困难或危险情况的能力:
n. [C] [非正式] 与形容词连用，表示一个人，尤指一个令人讨厌的或古怪的人:
n. [C, usually sing.]（使不同的人或群体相互区别的）性格:
n. 1 [C, usually sing., U]（事物、事件或地方的）特点，特征，特色。与nature近义。是一个常规用词，含义最广泛，也最常用:
2 [U] 通常为褒义，指一个地方或人所拥有的有趣或不同寻常的品质，即与众不同之处，特色:
3 [C] [非正式] 一个不同寻常的人:
n. [C] [非正式] 一个有趣的人:
n. [C, usually sing.]（使不同的人或群体相互区别的）品质:
n. [C] 书籍、戏剧或电影中的一个人（或动物），即人物，角色:
n. [C]（计算机上的）字符，字母，符号，标记:
n. [C]（书写、印刷或计算机上的）字符，字母，符号，标记。是“字符”的基础用词:
character |['kærɪktə]
personal attacks on my character 对我的人品进行的人身攻击 
She was a victim of character assassination. 她是诽谤行为的受害者。
My teacher agreed to be a character witness for me in court. 我的老师同意出庭做我的品德见证人。
her strength of character 她坚强的性格 
He showed great character returning to the sport after his accident. 他在出了事故后仍能重返体坛表现出他坚强的性格。
There were some really strange characters hanging around the bar. 有些不三不四的人在酒吧周围游荡。
a negative side to his character 他性格中的消极一面 
strong character 坚强的性格 
weak character 软弱的性格 
It’s not in his character to tell lies. 撒谎不符合他的性格。
the delicate character of the light in the evening 夜间灯火所具有的那种柔和的特点 
Food in Italy has a distinct regional character. 意大利食品具有独特的地方风味。
the public character of material published on the Internet 互联网上发表的材料的公共性 
the rural character of the area 该地区的乡村特色。
Each house in the street has its own distinctive character. 街道上的每幢房屋都有自己的独特风格。
His face has character--I’ll say that for it. 说句公道话——他的脸长得很有特点。
buildings of considerable character 风格独特的建筑 
The restaurant is cheap and full of character. 这家餐馆价格不高而且很有特色。
Your handwriting has a character of its own. 你写的字别具一格。
He’s a nut, a real character. 他是个怪人，一个真正与众不同的人。
It’s that kind of courage and determination that makes him such a remarkable character. 正是那种勇气和决心使他成为这样卓越的人。
She’s a character! 她真是个有趣的人！ 
moral character 道德品质 
She revealed her true character when anyone disagree with her. 有谁不同意她的意见，她就暴露出真实面目。
main character 主角 
supporting character 配角 
fictional character 小说中的人物；虚构的人物 
comic, heroic, tragic character 喜剧角色；英雄角色；悲剧角色 
animated, cartoon character 动画人物；卡通人物 
the artist who developed the Superman character 塑造了超人角色的演员 
a string of characters 一组字符；一串字符 
character set, character string 字符组；字符串
Chinese characters 汉字 
a line 30 characters long 长达30个字符的一行 
number character 数字 
character set, character string 字符组；字符串

n. 1 [U] 天才（或天资、天赋）的智力，如天分:
2 [sing.] ~ for sth/for doing sth 特别的才能或本领:
n. [C] 天才人物、某领域的天才:
genius |[ˈdʒi:niəs]
the genius of Shakespeare 莎士比亚的天才 
Her idea was a stroke of genius. 她的主意是聪明的一着。
This is the mark of her real genius as a designer. 这展现了她作为设计师的真正天赋。
The man had genius and had made his mark in the aviation world. 这人很有天赋，在航空界非常出名。
In a flash of pure genius, she realized the answer to the problem. 她灵感一闪，就知道了问题的答案。
It was a stroke of genius on my part to avoid such awkward questions. 我灵机一动回避了这些尴尬的问题。
She has a genius for sorting things out. 她非常擅长处理问题。
His genius lies in his ability to convey pure terror in his work. 他的天才在于他能够在作品中传达真正的恐怖。
a writer of genius 天才的作家 
a statesman of genius 天才的政治家 
his genius for pinpointing the absurd 他能准确指出荒谬之处的天赋 
He had a genius for making people feel at home. 他有一种能够使人感觉轻松自在的本领。
boy genius 天才男孩 
artistic, comic, computer, literary, mathematical, military, musical, scientific genius 艺术天才；喜剧天才；计算机天才；文学天才；数学天才；军事天才；音乐天才；科学天才 
He's a genius at organizing people. 他是人员组织方面的天才。
You don't have to be a genius to see that they are in love! 傻子也能看出他们相爱了！
Chaplin was not just a genius, he was among the most influential figures in film history. 卓别林不仅仅是天才，也是电影史上最有影响力的人物之一。

devote (time or effort) to a particular task or purpose:为特定的任务或目的投入（时间或精力）
devote (something) to a particular subject:致力于（某事）特定主题
cite or nominate (a book or other artistic work) as being issued or performed in someone's honour:引用或提名（一本书或其他艺术作品）以某人的名义发行或表演
formally open or unveil (a building or monument):正式开放或揭幕（建筑物或纪念碑）
ceremonially assign (a church or other building) to a deity or saint:仪式上将（教堂或其他建筑物）分配给神灵或圣人
dedicate |ˈdɛdɪkeɪt| Verb/:    奉献
Joan has dedicated her life to animals:Joan将她的一生献给了动物
volume four is dedicated to wasps:第四卷专门介绍黄蜂
the novel is dedicated to the memory of my mother:这本小说是献给我母亲的记忆的
today the President dedicates the new Second World War memorial in Washington:今天，总统在华盛顿为新的二战纪念碑献礼
the parish church is dedicated to St Paul:教区教堂是献给圣保罗的

vt. expose sb to sth 通过给予某人某种经验、体验或向其展示某事物像什么（或是怎样的）而让其发现出…，如使体验:
vt. 1 显露、暴露或露出（通常隐藏的东西），相当于reveal:
2 揭露（人或形势的真实情况）以展示出其缺点、不道德或违法等:
vt. expose sb/sth/yourself (to sth) 使…处于有害或令人不快的地方或情形中（且使其不受保护）:
vt. expose sb/sth/yourself (to sth) 使…处于有害或令人不快的地方或情形中（且使其不受保护）:
vt.（照相机胶片）曝光（拍照时让光射到胶片上）:
expose |[ɪk'spəʊz]
We want to expose the kids to as much art and culture as possible. 我们想让孩子们受到尽可能多的艺术和文化熏陶。
to expose a set of amazingly white teeth 露出一口洁白的牙齿 
These drawings must not be exposed to the air. 这些画一定不能暴露在空气中。
Miles of sand are exposed at low tide. 在低潮时数英里的沙滩就会显现出来。
My job as a journalist is to expose the truth. 我作为记者的职责就是揭露事实。
a report which clearly exposes the weakness of the government’s economic policy 使政府经济政策的弱点暴露无遗的一份报告 
She has been exposed as a fraud. 她骗子的真面目被揭露出来。
He did not want to expose his fears and insecurity to anyone. 他不想向任何人显露他的恐惧与不安。
to expose yourself to ridicule 让自己受到嘲笑 
Do not expose babies to strong sunlight. 不要让婴孩受到强烈的阳光照射。
The general public is constantly exposed to radiation. 民众无时无刻不受到辐射的危害。
Do not expose babies to strong sunlight. 不要让婴儿受到强烈的阳光照射。

adj.（做事）形式上的（而非内容上的）:
Getting approval for the plan is a purely formal matter: nobody will seriously oppose it. 寻求计划获得批准纯粹是一个形式上的问题:
adj. 1（穿著、言语、行为等）适合正式或重要场合的，如庄重的:
2（做事的方式或流程）正式的、合乎规矩的:
adj. 1（花园、房间、建筑物）整齐的、布置井然有序的:
2（思维、写作等）有条理的、遵循规范的:
adj.（教育或培训）正规的，即在学校接受教育或培训（而非通过自己的实际经验来学习）的:
formal |[ˈfɔ:ml;美ˈfɔ:rml]
The monarch retains largely formal duties. 君主在很大程度上只保留了形式上的职责。
Critics have concentrated too much on the formal elements of her poetry, without really looking at what it is saying. 评论家过多地集中评论她诗歌的形式，而没有真正看其内容。
formal evening dress 晚礼服 
They wore ordinary ties instead of the more formal high collar and cravat. 他们打着普通的领带，而不是更为正式的高领领结。
The dinner was a formal affair. 这是正式宴会。
One evening the film company arranged a formal dinner after the play. 一天晚上，电影公司在演出结束后安排了一个正式的晚宴。
He kept the tone of the letter formal and businesslike. 他使这封信保持正式公文的语气。
He wrote a very formal letter of apology to Douglas. 他给道格拉斯写了一封非常正式的道歉信。
She has a very formal manner, which can seem unfriendly. 她的举止很是郑重其事，有可能会显得不友好。
formal legal processes 正式法律程序 
to make a formal apology, to make a formal complaint 正式道歉；正式投诉 
UN officials said a formal request was passed to American authorities. 联合国官员称正式请求已向美国当局转达。
No formal announcement had been made. 尚无任何官方声明。
Formal diplomatic relations between the two countries were re-established in December. 两国于十二月重新建立了正式外交关系。
Business relationships are necessarily a bit more formal. 商业关系有必要更正式一些。
It is time to put these arrangements on a slightly more formal basis. 是应该把这些安排做得略为正式一点的时候了。      
delightful formal gardens, with terraced lawns and an avenue of trees 精心布置的有片片草坪和林荫道的宜人花园 
a formal herb garden 布局匀称的草药园 
The Coronata wallpaper lends a formal air to the dining room. 科罗娜塔墙纸给餐厅增添了一种整齐有致的气氛。
This does not encourage the child to analyse the environment in a formal way. 这并不能鼓励孩子有条理地分析周围的环境。
Classic Greek drama was written in verse, usually in an elevated and formal style. 古典希腊戏剧以韵文写成，通常用词讲究、结构整齐。
Learning was by rote and strictly formal. 那时学习靠的是死记硬背，极为刻板。
He has no formal teaching qualifications. 他没有正规的教学资历证明。
Young children are beginning their formal education sometimes as early as four years old. 幼儿有时早在四岁时就开始接受正规教育。
Although his formal education stopped after primary school, he was an avid reader. 尽管小学毕业后就再没有受过正规的教育，他却十分爱读书。
Leroy didn't have any formal dance training. 勒罗伊没受过任何正规的舞蹈训练。

adj. 1 同一的（非其他的）；同样的（非不同的）:
2 与…相同的，或一模一样的:
adv. 常用the same，以相同的方式，即同样:
pron. 1 the same (as ...) 和…同样（或相同）的事物:
2 the same (as ...)（数目、颜色、尺寸、质量等）相同，一样:
3 [英] the same 同一个人:
same |[seɪm]
the same school 同一所学校 
the same day 同一天 
He used the very same words. 他用了完全相同的字眼儿。
I bought the same car as yours. 我买了一辆车，和你那辆一模一样。
The same thing happened to me last week. 上星期我也遇到了同样的事。
We treat boys exactly the same as girls. 男孩、女孩我们完全同等对待。
He gave me five dollars, same as usual.（非正式用法）和平时一样，他给了我五块钱。
I think the same as you do about this. 在这件事上，我的想法和你一样。
There are several brands and they’re not all the same. 有好几个品牌，不一样的。
I’d like one the same as yours. 我要一个和你一样的。
‘Was that George on the phone?’ ‘The same (= yes, it was George).’ “你是乔治吗？”“正是。”
