timid					胆怯的
sideways							向旁边的，向旁边，侧身
controversial							有争议的
captive				俘虏，被俘虏的，受控制的
expansion				膨胀，扩大
discourse				辩论，论文，谈话，论述
finance							资金，财政
contact						接触，联系，通讯，熟人
criticism						评论，批评
motive				动机，作为动因的
pregnant									怀孕的，意味深长的
magnify				放大，扩大
approval								赞同，批准
parasite					寄生虫
extraordinary								非凡的
closet				壁橱，隐秘的
the closet				隐秘
slow					缓慢的，迟钝的，减速
possess								拥有，支配
daytime				白天
common				常见的，共同的，普通的
marriage					婚姻，婚礼，紧密结合
particle						颗粒
diagnose				诊断
assignment				任务，作业，分配
concert						音乐会，合作
centimetre							厘米
herd						群，民众，放牧
expect						预计，指望，要求
incidence					发生，发生率
monster				怪物，巨人，巨大的
\\\\\\\\

timidity 羞怯
Timid people are shy, nervous, and lack courage or confidence in themselves. 羞怯的
timid |英 ['tɪmɪd]  美 ['tɪmɪd]| adj. 胆小的；羞怯的/
She doesn't ridicule my timidity.她不会嘲笑我的羞怯。
A timid child, Isabella had learned obedience at an early age.伊莎贝拉是一个羞怯的孩子，很小的时候就已经学会了顺从。


adv. 1 到一侧；朝向一侧；从一侧:
2 用一个侧面朝前，即侧着:
sideways |['saɪdweɪz]
He looked sideways at her. 他斜着眼看她。
The truck skidded sideways across the road. 卡车横着滑到公路另一侧。
He has been moved sideways. 他平级调动工作了。
She sat sideways on the chair. 她侧坐在椅子上。

adj. 引起很多气愤的公共讨论和反对意见的，即引起争议的，有争议的:
controversial |[͵kɒntrə'və:ʃl]
a highly controversial topic 颇有争议的话题 
a controversial figure 有争议的人物 
a politically controversial plan to build a new road 政治上有争议的筑路计划

n. [C] 俘虏、战俘:
n. [C] 囚徒:
n. [C] 人质:
adj. 1 被作为犯人或俘虏来监禁的、被关押的；（动物）被关在一个封闭空间的:
2 人身自由（或选择自由）受限制的:
captive |[ˈkæptɪv]
The terrorists will only release their captives if they get what they want. 恐怖分子只有在得到他们想要的东西时才会释放人质。
She was held captive in a castle. 她被关押在一个城堡里。
Richard was finally released on February 4, one year and six weeks after he'd been taken captive. 理查德在被扣押一年零六个星期后,终于在2月4日获释。
Rebels in Liberia have released four foreigners after holding them captive for a week. 利比里亚的叛乱分子释放了四名被扣押了一个星期的外国人。
He was taken captive on the border. 他在边境被俘。
They were taken captive by masked gunmen. 他们被蒙面的持枪歹徒劫持了。
captive animals 关在笼子里的动物 
captive breeding (= the catching and breeding of wild animals) 野生动物的人工捕获饲养 
Her heart had begun to pound inside her chest like a captive animal. 她心情紧张起来，一颗心在胸膛里扑通扑通跳个不停。
A salesman loves to have a captive audience (= listening because they have no choice). 推销商喜欢不得不听的听众。
We all performed action songs, sketches and dances before a captive audience of parents and patrons. 家长和赞助人被迫观看了我们表演的指令歌、滑稽小品和舞蹈。
Airlines consider business travellers a captive market. 航空公司把商务旅行者视为垄断性市场。

n. [U, C]（尺寸、规模、数量、重要性等方面的）扩张、扩展、扩大、膨胀:
expansion |[ɪkˈspænʃn]
This is land being held for future expansion. 这片土地留作日后扩展之用。
Russian expansion to the East and South 俄罗斯向东和向南的扩张 
eastward expansion 向东的扩展 
global, overseas, worldwide expansion 全球扩张；海外扩张；世界范围的扩展 
The board decided to embark on aggressive overseas expansion. 董事会决定着手积极拓展海外业务。
business, commercial, corporate（尤美）业务扩张；商业扩张；公司扩张 
economic, industrial, market expansion 经济的扩张；工业的扩张；市场的扩张 
This will slow the rate of monetary expansion. 这项举措将会放慢货币扩张的速度。
capitalist, imperialist expansion 资本主义扩张；帝国主义扩张 
colonial, imperial, territorial expansion 殖民扩张；帝国扩张；领土扩张 
an unprecedented military expansion around the globe 史无前例的全球军事扩张 
geographic（尤美）, geographical expansion 地理扩张 
the geographical expansion of industry in the late 19th century 19世纪晚期工业的地理扩张 
population expansion 人口膨胀 
urban expansion 城市扩展 
airport, prison（尤美）expansion 机场的扩建；监狱的扩建 
The economy is still showing healthy expansion. 经济仍显示出健康发展的势头。
The museum is undergoing a major expansion. 这座博物馆正在进行大面积的扩建。
The design of the front pockets allows for expansion. 前口袋的设计可以允许伸缩。
The company is set for further expansion into niche areas.（be set for尤为英式用法）公司正准备进一步向细分领域拓展。
Despite the recession the company is confident of further expansion. 尽管经济衰退，公司对进一步扩展仍充满信心。
an $80 million expansion of its Madras factory其所属的马德拉斯工厂一项花费8000万美元的扩展项目 
She proposed a modest expansion of unemployment benefits. 她提议适度扩大失业救济。
They are planning a major expansion in research and development. 他们正计划大范围扩展研发领域。
The executive board has approved this expansion. 执行董事会已经同意了这项扩张计划。
Foreign investment fuelled/fueled this expansion. 外资有力地推动了这项扩展。
He opposed expansion of the army and navy. 他反对扩充陆军和海军。
In order to finance expansion on this scale, the government has relied heavily on borrowing. 为了在财政上支持如此规模的发展，政府严重依赖于借贷。
expansion plan, expansion programme/program 扩张计划 
expansion into the luxury car market 向豪华轿车市场进军 
a period of rapid economic expansion 经济快速发展期 
The rate of expansion of our overseas trade has been spectacular. 我们海外贸易的发展速度非常惊人。
The company believes there is scope for expansion in this sector. 公司相信这一行业还有发展的空间。
the rapid expansion of private health insurance 个人健康保险的迅速发展 
a great age of expansion in trade and science 贸易和科学发展的大好时期 
The book is an expansion of a series of lectures given last year. 本书是去年举行的系列讲座的扩充。
an unprecedented expansion in linguistic studies at universities 大学中语言学研究的空前发展

n. [C, U] [正式] 针对某个主题的一个长篇演讲:
vi. ~ on/upon sth [正式] 对自己所知甚多的事情进行讲述或长篇演讲:
n. [U] [语言学] 作为研究之用的话语:
n. [C, U] [正式] 针对某个主题的一个长篇论文:
n. [U] [语言学] 作为研究之用的语篇:
discourse |[ˈdɪskɔ:s;美-kɔ:rs]
political discourse 政治演讲
He discoursed for several hours on French and English prose. 他花了几个小时讲述法国和英国的散文。
our work on discourse and the way people talk to each other 我们对话语及人们相互交谈方式的研究
a discourse on issues of gender and sexuality 关于性别和性行为的论文 
Gates responds with a lengthy discourse on deployment strategy. 盖茨以一篇有关部署策略的鸿篇大论予以回应。
spoken, written discourse 口头语篇；书面语篇 
discourse analysis 语篇分析

n. [U] finance (for sth) 用于运营企业或项目、开展活动的资金（美式英语通常用financing）:
vt. 为一个项目提供资金，与fund近义:
n. [U]（尤指政府或商业组织）管理资金的活动，即金融、财务、财政:
n. [C] finances 复数表示对于一个人、组织或国家来说可用的资金；还可指管理上述资金的方式。即财务状况:
finance |['faɪnæns]
cheap finance 低息贷款 
private, public finance 私人资金；公共资金 
equity finance 股本融资 
housing, mortgage finance 住房贷款；按揭贷款 
the finance for education available to local government 当地政府可用的教育资金 
to provide finance for the project 为该项目提供资金 
a source of finance 资金来源 
privately, publicly finance 私人出资；公共出资 
the money needed to finance the redevelopment 再开发所需要的资金 
The project was financed jointly by the Chinese and British governments. 该项目由中英两国政府联合出资。
He took a job to finance his stay in Germany. 他找了一份工作以赚钱支付在德国的费用。
a diploma in banking and finance 银行与金融学文凭 
international finance 国际金融 
finance company 金融公司 
finance industry 金融业 
company finance 公司财务 
personal finance 个人财务 
finance director 财务总监 
government, public, state finance 政府财政；公共财政；国家财政 
finance officer 财政官员 
company finances 公司财力 
government, public, state finances 政府财力；公共财力；国家财力 
family, personal, private finances 家庭经济状况；个人经济状况 
the state of sb’s finances 某人的财务状况 
tight finances 紧张的财务状况 
to plan your finances for a comfortable life 安排资金以便过上舒服的生活 
The company’s finances are (in) a mess. 该公司的财务状况一团糟。
We don’t have the finances to throw a big party. 我们没钱举办大型聚会。

n. [U] 遇上要处理的事:
~ (between A and B)（人或机构）与某人（或其它机构）的联系、联络，尤指经常的联系或联络:
2 [U] 无线电联络或通信:
3 [C, usually pl.] 会见、交往、人际关系:
4 [C] 熟人，尤指能在工作上帮助你的人:
vt.（例如用电话或信件）联系、联络某人:
adj.（细节信息、电话号码等）供联系的、供联络的:
n. [U] 对某事物的接触、触摸:
n. [C] 电流的接触、接通、接触器:
n. [U] 遇见某人:
n. [C] 传染病患者的接触者（此人有可能被传染此病）:
n. [pl.] [非正式] contacts可指隐形眼镜，相当于contact lens:
contact |[ˈkɒntækt;美ˈkɑ:n-]
The college has brought me into contact with western ideas. 上大学使我接触了西方的思想。
Children should be brought into contact with poetry at an early age. 儿童应该在幼年接触诗歌。
I don't have much contact with my uncle. 我和叔父甚少联系。
Have you kept in contact with any of your friends from college (= do you still see them or speak or write to them)? She is still in close contact with Sarah. 她仍然同萨拉保持密切联系。
Have you had any direct contact with the director of the company? 你同公司董事有过直接的接触吗？
face-to-face, visual contact 面对面的接触 
She was deprived of all human contact for three weeks. 她曾被剥夺与所有人的联系达三个星期之久。
When I arrive in New York, I'll get in contact with him. 我到达纽约后会跟他联系。
I put my cousin in contact with a friend who works at the company. 我让表妹同一位在那家公司工作的朋友联系。
Maintaining contact after many years can be difficult. 许多年后还保持联系可能会很困难。
There has been no contact between them for several years. 他们有几年没联系了。
I have very little contact with Simon now. 我和西蒙现在很少联系。
She's lost contact with (= no longer sees or writes to) her son. 她和儿子失去了联系。
Though they all live nearby, I lost contact with them really quickly. 虽然他们都住在附近，但我很快与他们失去了联系。
Mother and son lost contact when Nicholas was in his early twenties. 尼古拉斯20岁出头的时候母子就失去了联系。
I finally made contact with (= succeeded in speaking to or meeting) her in Paris. 我最终在巴黎与她取得了联系。
Then, after she had become famous, he tried to make contact with her. 后来，她出名之后，他曾试图与她联系。
The organization put me in contact with other people in a similar position (= gave me their addresses or telephone numbers). 这家机构为我提供了其他和我情况相似的人的联系方法。
Opposition leaders are denying any contact with the government in Kabul. 反对派领袖否认与喀布尔政府有任何联系。
He forbade contacts between directors and executives outside his presence. 他禁止董事与管理层绕开他私下进行任何联系。
He was in direct contact with the kidnappers. 他与绑架者有直接联系。
We do keep in contact. 我们确实保持着联系。
There is little contact between the two organizations. 这两个机构相互之间没有什么联系。
We first established contact with the organization in 2020. 2020年，我们首次同该机构建立了联系。
email, radio, telephone contact 电子邮件联系；无线电联系；电话联系 
He failed to make radio contact. 他未能进行无线电联络。
a technical problem reported by the pilot moments before he lost contact with the control tower 飞行员与控制塔失去联络前不久报告的技术故障 
We have good contacts with the local community. 我们与当地社区关系甚好。
The company has maintained trade contacts with India. 这家公司和印度一直保持着贸易往来。
business, social, personal contacts 业务关系；社会关系；私人关系 
I've made some useful contacts in journalism. 我在新闻界结交了一些有用的人。
Their contact in the United States Embassy was called Phil. 他们在美国大使馆的熟人叫菲尔。
He has a lot of good contacts in the music industry. 他在音乐节人脉甚广。
It takes time to develop contacts. 建立关系需要时间。
I made a lot of useful business contacts at the conference. 在这次大会上我建立了不少有用的业务关系。
He used his contacts to get his son a publishing job. 他动用自己的关系给儿子找了一份出版社的工作。
I've been trying to contact you all day. 我整天一直在设法与你联系。
Contact the Tourist Information Bureau for further details. 详情请洽旅游信息处。
He can be contacted by phone on the telephone number given below. 用下面所给的电话号码就能与他联系上。
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions. 如果有任何问题，请随时和我联系。
When she first contacted me Frances was upset. 弗朗西丝第一次与我联系时很心烦意乱。
You must leave your full name and contact details when you phone. 打电话时须留下全名与联络信息。
Here's my contact number (= temporary telephone number) while I'm away. 这是我外出时的联系电话。
His fingers were briefly in contact with the ball. 他的手指稍稍地接触了一下球。
This substance should not come into contact with food. 这种物质切莫与食物接触。
They compared how these organisms behaved when left in contact with different materials. 他们比较了与不同材料接触时这些生物体的反应。
The cry occurs when air is brought into contact with the baby's larynx. 婴儿的喉咙接触到空气时，就会哭出来。
This pesticide kills insects on contact (= as soon as it touches them). 这种杀虫剂昆虫一触即死。
sexual contact 性接触 
The disease is transmitted through physical contact. 这种疾病通过身体接触传播。
eye contact 目光接触 
He never makes eye contact with me. 他从不与我直接对视。
Do not let the glue come into contact with water. 不要让这种胶水碰到水。
For a brief moment their lips were in contact. 他们的嘴唇有瞬间的接触。
The light will go out on contact with water. 一碰到水，这种灯就会熄灭。
There should be no contact between the separate samples. 分开的样本之间不应该有任何接触。
The switches close the contacts and complete the circuit. 这些开关可接通形成闭合电路。
In her job she often comes into contact with (= meets) lawyers. 她在工作中常与律师接触。
In his job, he comes into contact with many different people. 他在工作中接触到各种各样的人。
Doctors I came into contact with voiced their concern. 我接触到的医生都表示了他们的担心。

~ (that…) 批评；指责；批评或指责的话语:
n. [U]（尤指对书、音乐等的）评论文章；也可指此种评论:
criticism |[ˈkrɪtɪsɪzəm]
The plan has attracted criticism from consumer groups. 这项计划引起了各消费者组织的指责。
There was widespread criticism of the government's handling of the disaster. 政府对灾难的处理方式遭到了普遍的批评。
People in public life must always be open to criticism (= willing to accept being criticized). 公众人物必须随时准备接受批评。
Ben is very sensitive, he just can't take criticism. 本很敏感，简直接受不了批评。
to offer sb constructive criticism (= that is meant to be helpful) 提出建设性的批评意见 
I didn't mean it as a criticism. 我没有要责备的意思。
criticisms levelled at (= aimed at) journalists 针对记者的批评 
My only criticism of the house is that it is on a main road. 我对这座房子唯一的批评意见是它处于一条大路上。
This policy had repeatedly come under strong criticism on Capitol Hill. 该政策在美国国会屡遭强烈批评。
The criticism that the English do not truly care about their children was often voiced. 常有人指责英国人并不真正关心自己的子女。
She made a number of valid criticisms. 她提了许多合理的批评意见。
Two successive defeats have brought fresh criticism. 连续两次失败招致新的批评。
media, press criticism 媒体的批评；新闻界的批评 
public criticism 公众的批评 
The star faced a barrage of criticism for his actions. 那个明星的行为引来接二连三的批评。
The report levels criticism at senior managers.报告将批评的矛头指向高级管理人员。
The government came under fierce criticism for its policies. 政府因其政策受到猛烈批评。
The proposal is open to several important criticisms.这项提案乐意接受一些重大的批评意见。
Scientists have raised strong criticisms of creationist ideas. 科学家们对神创论的观点提出强烈的批评。
She sought to deflect criticism by blaming her family. 她责怪家人，企图转移对她的批评。
He finds it hard to take criticism. 他感到接受批评很难。
The harshest criticism came from right-wingers. 最严厉的批评来自右翼分子。
Criticism centred/centered on the lack of information provided. 批评集中在所提供的信息不足。
The main criticism about the information provided is that it arrives too late. 对所提供信息的主要批评意见是这些信息来得太晚。
criticisms against the Church 对基督教会的批评 
They received criticism for continuing to supply the faulty goods. 他们因继续提供劣质货品而受到指责。
We are bound to face criticism from both sides. 我们肯定会面临来自双方的批评。
There has been serious criticism of the teaching methods used in the school. 一直有人严厉批评该校使用的教学法。
We came in for some sharp criticism over this decision. 由于这一决定，我们受到了尖锐的批评。   
practical，textual criticism 实践评论；评注 
academic, art, biblical, cultural, film, historical, literary, music, scientific, social criticism 学术评论；艺术评论；与《圣经》有关的评论；文化评论；电影评论；历史评论；文学评论；音乐评论；科学评论；社会评论 
contemporary criticism 当代评论 
Marxist, structuralist criticism 马克思主义评论；结构主义评论 
She has published more than 20 books including novels, poetry and literary criticism. 她已出版了包括小说、诗歌和文学评论在内的20多部著作。

n. [C] ~ (for sth) 做某事的动机、目的、原因:
adj. [术语] 引起移动的、导致运动的:
motive |[ˈməʊtɪv;美ˈmoʊ-]
There seemed to be no motive for the murder. 这起谋杀案看不出有什么动机。
Police have ruled out robbery as a motive for the killing. 警方已排除因抢劫而杀人的可能。
the motives and objectives of British foreign policy 英国外交政策的动机和目标 
I'm suspicious of his motives. 我怀疑他的动机。
the profit motive (= the desire to make a profit) 谋利的动机 
hidden, ulterior motive 隐藏的目的；别有用心的目的 
I have an ulterior motive in offering to help you. 我主动提出要帮助你是有私心的。
altruistic, high, noble, pure motive 利他的动机；崇高的动机；高尚的动机；纯粹的目的 
base（正式）, selfish motive 卑鄙的目的；自私的动机 
evil, sinister motive 邪恶的动机；阴险的动机 
questionable motive 可疑的动机 
There seemed to be no clear motive for the attack. 这次攻击似乎没有明确的动机。
We give aid to other countries with mixed motives. 我们援助他国是出于多种原因。
human motive 人类动机 
personal motive 个人目的 
economic, financial, political, racial（尤英）, religious motive 经济动机；金融目的；政治动机；种族主义动机；宗教动机 
She knew that he was inspired by base motives. 她知道他动机卑鄙。
The police are still trying to establish a motive for the attack. 警方仍在试图确定袭击的目的。
He was suspicious of her motives in inviting him into the house. 他对于她邀请他进屋的动机有所怀疑。
She should examine her motives for marrying him. 她应该认真考虑自己为什么要嫁给他。
We've become adept at hiding our true motives. 我们已经变得很善于隐藏自己的真实动机了。
However you explain the motives behind his actions, he was still wrong. 不管你如何解释他行为背后的动机，他仍旧是错了。
Everyone can see your true motives. 每个人都能看清你的真实动机。
speculation that less noble motives were driving the country's foreign policy 认为驱动该国外交政策的动机不够高尚的推测 
What was their motive in setting fire to the building? 他们放火烧大楼的动机是什么? 
There may be a hidden motive for his departure. 也许他的离开有我们所不知道的原因。
It is clear that they were acting from motives of revenge. 很显然他们的行为是出于报复。
I did it for a variety of motives. 我那样做有多种原因。
motive power, motive force (= for example, electricity, to operate machinery) 原动力

adj. [正式] pregnant with sth 充满某种品质或感情的:
adj.（安静、时刻等）耐人寻味的，心照不宣的:
adj.（女人或雌性动物）怀孕的:
pregnant |['preɡnənt]
His silences were pregnant with criticism. 他的沉默里充满了批评之意。 
a pregnant pause 耐人寻味的停顿 
a pregnant silence 心照不宣的沉默
pregnant woman 孕妇 
She’s three months pregnant. 她怀孕三个月了。
She was pregnant with twins. 她怀上了双胞胎。

vt.（例如用透镜或显微镜）将…放大:
vt. 增加…的效果或尺寸:
vt. 使…更大、更大声或更强:
vt. 夸大重要性或严重程度。相当于exaggerate:
vt. 加剧:
magnify |[ˈmægnɪfaɪ]
bacteria magnified to 1 000 times their actual size 放大了1 000倍的细菌 
The picture shows the insect's head magnified ten times. 这张图片上显示的是放大了十倍的这种昆虫的头部。
an image magnified by a factor of 4 放大了4倍的图像 
This version of the Digges telescope magnifies images 11 times. 这种型号的迪格斯望远镜可将图像放大11倍。
A lens would magnify the picture so it would be like looking at a large TV screen. 透镜会把图片放大，就像在看巨大的电视屏幕一样。
to magnify effect 放大效果 
The sound was magnified by the high roof. 高高的屋顶使声音更响亮。
Their noises were magnified in the still, wet air. 他们的喧闹声在凝滞而潮湿的空气中显得更吵了。
They do not grasp the broad situation and spend their time magnifying ridiculous details. 他们不去把握大局，而是在细枝末节上花费时间大做文章。
The daring of his exploits had been hugely magnified by constant telling. 他的英勇事迹几经传颂已被极度夸大了。
The dry summer has magnified the problem of water shortages. 干燥的夏季加剧了缺水的问题。
Poverty and human folly magnify natural disasters. 贫困和人类的愚昧加剧了自然灾难。

n. [U] 认为某人或某事物是好的、可接受的或合适的；对某人或某事物所持有的一种积极态度。即赞成:
n. [U, C] approval (for sth) (from sb) 对某事物（尤指一项计划或请求）的批准或许可:
n. [U] on approval 可表示（商品买卖中的）一段时间的免费试用（直到你最终决定买或不买）:
approval |[ə'pru:vl]
to win sb’s approval 赢得某人的赞同 
Do the plans meet with your approval? 这些计划你赞成吗？
Several people nodded in approval. 好几个人点头表示同意。
The latest poll has him at 47% approval and 49% disapproval. 最新的民意调查显示他获得47%的赞成票，49%的反对票。
The plan will be submitted to the committee for official approval. 该计划将提交委员会正式批准。
The proposal is subject to approval by the shareholders. 这项建议须得到股东的批准。
All development requires the prior approval of the planning authority. 所有的开发都必须事先得到规划当局的批准。
tacit approval 默许 
written approval 书面批准 
regulatory approval 监管机构的许可 
court, government, presidential approval 法庭的批准；政府的批准；总统的批准 
voter approval 选民的同意 
parental approval 父母的同意 
drug approval 药物审批

n. [C] 寄生在其它动物或植物上的一个小动物或小植物，即寄生生物、寄生虫:
n. [C] [贬] 像寄生虫一样的一个人，即依靠别人过活者:
parasite |[ˈpærəsaɪt]
These flies carry a dangerous parasite. 这些苍蝇携带有危险的寄生虫。
external, internal parasite 体外寄生虫；体内寄生虫 
human parasite 人体寄生虫 
malaria parasite 疟疾寄生虫 
Pets do sometimes pick up intestinal parasites. 宠物有时确实会染上肠道寄生虫病。
Your contaminated fingers can transmit the parasite to many surfaces. 你受污染的手指会向许多物体表面传播寄生虫。
the most common intestinal parasite found in humans 在人类身上发现的最常见的肠道寄生虫 
the parasite that causes malaria 引发疟疾的寄生虫

adj. 1 [正式] 只用于名词前，（一场会议等）为特别目的而安排的，且发生于常规日程之外的，如特别的、临时的:
2 [术语] 跟在名词之后，指（一名官员）在通常的人事安排之外为某一特殊目的而启用的，如特派的、特命的:
adj. 意想不到的、令人吃惊的，相当于incredible:
adj. 奇怪的:
adj. 不平常的或不一般的，比通常更伟大（或更好）的，如非凡的、卓越的:
extraordinary |[ɪk'strɔ:dnrɪ,ɪks'trɔ:dənerɪ]
an extraordinary meeting 特别会议 
an envoy extraordinary 特使
It’s extraordinary that he managed to sleep through the party. 真想不到他竟然从聚会开始一直睡到结束。
What an extraordinary thing to say! 真是咄咄怪事！
I find her attitude quite extraordinary. 我发现她的态度相当反常。
extraordinary achievement, extraordinary woman 卓越的成就；杰出的女性 
They went to extraordinary lengths to explain their behaviour. 他们竭力为自己的行为辩解。

adj. [只用于名词前]（一个人）隐藏个人信息的，（信仰、习惯、情感）隐蔽的，不公开的:
adj. [只用于名词前]（身份或个人信息、习惯、情感）隐秘的:
vt. 把某人关在房间里（尤指为了私下会谈或避免他人打扰）:
n. [C] [尤美] 墙壁里带门的、直达地面的一个小储物间，如壁橱:
vt. 把…关在房间里（尤指为了私下会谈或避免他人打扰）:
n. [C] [尤美] 墙壁里用于储物的一个空间，带有落地门，即壁橱。也可指此种家具:
closet |[ˈklɒzɪt;美ˈklɑ:zət]
 closet gays 不公开表明的同性恋者 
closet misogyny 内心对女性的仇视 
I suspect he's a closet fascist. 我怀疑他是秘密的法西斯分子。
closet gays 不公开表明的同性恋者 
I suspect he's a closet fascist. 我怀疑他是秘密的法西斯分子。
closet misogyny 内心对女性的仇视
He was closeted with the President for much of the day. 他与总统闭门进行了几乎大半天的密谈。
She had closeted herself away in her room. 她把自己关在房间里不见任何人。
big, huge, large closet 大壁橱；巨大的壁橱 
small, tiny closet 小壁橱；小巧的壁橱 
built-in closet 嵌入式壁橱 
walk-in closet 步入式衣帽间 
broom, coat, linen closet 清洁间；衣橱；（存放床单、毛巾等的）家庭日用织品棚柜 
bedroom, hall, hallway closet 卧室的衣橱；客厅的衣橱；过道的衣橱 
storage, supply closet 储藏间；储物柜 
I raided Bob's closet for something to wear. 我翻遍了鲍勃的衣柜想找件衣服穿。
He searched his closet for something to wear. 他在衣柜里翻找衣服穿。
Her closet was filled with back clothes. 她的壁橱里满是黑色衣服。
closet door 橱柜门 
Do you have much closet space in your new house? 你的新房子有很大的壁橱空间吗? 
clothes hanging in the closet 挂在衣橱里的衣服 
I picked a shirt from the closet. 我从衣橱里挑了一件村衫。
He went to the closet and pulled out a suit. 他走到壁橱前，拽出一套西服。
He was closeted with the President for much of the day. 他与总统闭门进行了几乎大半天的密谈。
She had closeted herself away in her room. 她把自己关在房间里不见任何人。
a walk-in closet 步入式衣帽间

slow (in) doing sth 犹豫着去做某事的，或不立即去做某事的，如迟迟不…的，慢吞吞的:
adj. 不用于名词前，钟表走得慢的:
adj. 1 移动（或进行、完成）得慢的；花费很长一段时间的；慢的:
2 行进得慢的；或不允许你行进得快的。即慢速的，低速的:
adv. 尤用于比较级、最高级形式或构成复合词，指速度慢地，缓慢地，相当于slowly:
vt.＆vi. slow (sth/sb) (down/up) 放慢速度或降低活跃度；使某事物或某人放慢速度或降低活跃度:
adj. 不是非常忙碌的；几乎没有行动的。如冷清的，相当于sluggish:
adj. 学得慢的；理解力差的，迟钝的，不聪明的:
adj. 摄影中可指胶片曝光慢的:
slow |[sləʊ]
adj. slow to do sth 
She wasn’t slow to realize what was going on. 她很快就意识到出了什么事。
They were very slow paying me. 他们迟迟不付钱给我。
My watch is five minutes slow. 我的手表慢五分钟。
a slow driver 开车慢的人 
Progress was slower than expected. 进展比预计的缓慢。
She gave a slow smile. 她慢慢地笑了笑。
My computer is noticeably slower than before. 我的计算机明显比以前慢了。
He was noticeably slow to respond. 他明显反应迟缓。
Civil court proceedings are notoriously slow. 众所周知，民事诉讼程序非常耗时。
I missed the fast train and had to get the slow one. 我误了快车，只得坐慢车。
Could you go a little slower? 你能走慢点吗？
slow-drying paint 慢干漆 
Drive slow!（美）慢点儿开！
The car slowed down. 汽车放慢了速度。
Economic growth is expected to slow. 预计经济增长将放缓。
The game slowed up a little in the second half. 比赛在下半场节奏略微放慢了一些。
You must slow down (= work less hard) or you’ll make yourself ill. 你得松松劲，不然会累病的。
to slow her breathing 稳住她的呼吸 
Time seemed to slow down as she fell. 她倒下时时间好像慢了下来。
Sales are slow. 销售不旺。
He’s the slowest in the class. 他是班里最迟钝的。

vt. 用于否定句和疑问句，使某人做出貌似奇怪或不合理的事，或使某人言行异常:
vt. 常用被动式，文学用语，指感觉、情感等对某人拥有一种强大的影响力，能控制其思考或行为的方式等:
vt. 1 [正式] 有或拥有某事物:
2 [正式] 具有某种品质或特征等:
possess |[pə'zes]
What possessed you to do such a thing? 什么使你干出这种事来?
Anger suddenly possessed him. 他突然发怒。 
to possess a gun 持有枪支 
The room possesses some valuables. 这间屋子里有一些贵重物品。
to possess noble qualities 具有崇高品质 
to possess a sense of humour 有幽默感 

n. [U] 白天、白昼、日间:
daytime |[ˈdeɪtaɪm]
You don't often see this bird in (the) daytime. 这种鸟白天不常见。
The park is open during (the) daytime. 这个公园日间开放。
Daytime temperatures never fell below 80˚F. 白天的温度从未低于80华氏度。
Please give your name and daytime phone number. 请提供姓名和日间联络电话。
In the daytime he stayed up in his room, sleeping, or listening to music. 他白天呆在自己的屋子里睡觉或听音乐。
ITV's new package of daytime programmes 独立电视台的新一整套日间档节目 
daytime drama, daytime show, daytime soap, daytime television 日间戏剧；日间表演；日间肥皂剧；日间电视节目 
daytime hours 白天时间 
Resist the temptation to nap in the daytime. 要克制住自己白天不打瞌睡。

adj. [英，贬] 典型地存在于一个社会底层且没有良好行为举止的人之身上的，如粗俗的，庸俗的:
adj. common (to sb/sth) 常用于名词前，为两人、多人或一群人所共有的、共享的、共同享有的:
adj. 只用于名词前，普通的，平凡的，寻常的，非不寻常或非特殊的:
n. [美] commons为单数形式，指学校等的一间大型学生公共食堂:
n. [C] 在一个城镇或乡村中，任何人都可使用的一块开阔地:
adj. 经常发生的；存在于一个大的数量中的；存在于很多地方的。如常见的，通常的，普遍的:
common |['kɒmən]
She thought he was very common and uneducated. 她认为他很粗俗且无教养。
They share a common interest in photography. 他们在摄影方面兴趣相投。
common ownership of the land 土地的共同所有权 
This attitude is common to most young men. 这种态度在大多数年轻人中很普遍。
Jane and I have nothing in common. 简和我毫无共同点。
the common garden frog 园地里常见的青蛙 
the common people 平民百姓 
a common criminal 普通的罪犯
The commons is next to the gym. 学生公共食堂在体育馆的旁边。
We went for a walk on the common. 我们在公地上散步。
a common spelling mistake 常犯的拼写错误 
the most common form of cancer 最常见的一种癌症 
Stomach pain is very common in children. 肚子痛在儿童当中很常见。

n. 1 [C] 妻子和丈夫之间的法律关系，即结婚，婚姻。是此义的常规用词:
2 [U] 已婚的状态:
3 [C] 婚礼（表此义时，wedding更常用）:
marriage |['mærɪdʒ]
All of her children’s marriages ended in divorce. 她的孩子们最终都离了婚。
an arranged marriage 一桩包办的婚姻 
late marriage 晚婚 
They don’t believe in marriage. 他们不相信婚姻。
to save their marriage 拯救他们的婚姻 
Their marriage took place in a local church. 他们的婚礼是在当地一所教堂里举行的。
Christian marriage 基督教 
civil marriage 世俗婚礼

n. [C] 极小的数量、一点点:
n. [C]（构成原子的）粒子（例如电子或质子）:
n. [C] 颗粒、微粒:
n. [C] [语法] 小品词（与动词构成短语动词的副词或介词）:
particle |[ˈpɑ:tɪkl;美ˈpɑ:rt-]
There was not a particle of evidence (= no evidence at all) to support the case. 没有丝毫支持这个论点的证据。
There is a particle of truth in his statement. 他的陈述中有一点点实话。
particle physicist 粒子物理学家 
particle physics 粒子物理学 
particle theory 粒子理论          
particles of dust 灰尘 
dust particles 尘埃 
a particle of hot metal 热金属微粒
In ‘She tore up the letter ’, the word ‘up’ is a particle. 在She tore up the letter句中，up是小品词。

~ sth (as sth) 判断问题的原因:
~ sth (as sth) 诊断疾病:
diagnose |[ˈdaɪəgnəʊz;-ˈnəʊz;美ˌdaɪəgˈnoʊs]
vt.&vi. ~ sb (as/with) (sth) 
to diagnose a serious fault in the engine 找出发动机里一处严重故障的原因
vt.&vi. ~ sb (as/with) (sth) 
The test is used to diagnose a variety of diseases. 此项化验可用于诊断多种疾病。
The illness was diagnosed as cancer. 此病诊断为癌症。
He has recently been diagnosed with angina. 他最近被诊断出患有心绞痛。
He was diagnosed (as) a diabetic when he was 64. 他64岁时被诊断患有糖尿病。
people with clinically diagnosed diabetes 临床诊断出患有糖尿病的人 
The soldiers were diagnosed as having flu. 这些士兵经诊断患了流感。
Her condition was wrongly diagnosed by the doctor. 她的病医生诊断错了。
newly diagnosed patients 新确诊的病人 
He was diagnosed with leukaemia. 他经诊断患有白血病。
Susan had a mental breakdown and was diagnosed with schizophrenia. 苏珊精神崩溃，被诊断为得了精神分裂症。

n. 1 [U]（工作、任务等的）分派、布置:
2 [U] 作业的布置:
n. [C, U] 分派的任务或工作:
n. [C, U] 学校布置的作业:
assignment |[əˈsaɪnmənt]
his assignment to other duties in the same company 他在同一公司内担任的其他职务 
An Australian division scheduled for assignment to Greece was ordered to remain in Egypt. 原定去希腊执行任务的一支澳大利亚小分队接到命令后继续留在埃及。
She is in Greece on an assignment for one of the Sunday newspapers. 她在希腊为一家星期日报执行一项任务。
one of our reporters on assignment in China 我们派驻中国的一名记者 
The photographer is on assignment in China at the moment. 这位摄影师目前正在中国公干。
I had set myself a tough assignment. 我给自己定了一项艰巨任务。
job（尤美）, work assignment 工作任务 
modelling/modeling, photographic assignment 时装表演的任务；摄影任务 
Why did you take on this assignment if you're so busy? 既然你这么忙，为什么还要承担这项任务?
If you refuse this assignment you risk losing your job. 如果你拒绝这项任务，就有可能丢掉工作。
reading, writing, written assignment 阅读作业；写作作业；书面作业 
homework assignment 家庭作业 
class, group assignment（均尤美）班级作业；小组作业 
The teacher gave us an assignment on pollution. 老师给我们布置了有关污染的作业。
to do assignment, to write assignment 做作业；写作业 
to complete assignment, to finish assignment 完成作业 
The students handed in their assignments. 学生们交了作业。
an assignment on modern life-styles 有关现代生活方式的作业 
You will need to complete three written assignments per semester. 你每学期要完成三个书面作业。
The assessment for the course involves written assignments and practical tests. 这门功课的考核包括书面作业和实际操作考试。

n. [C] 音乐会:
concert |['kɒnsət]
big concert 大型音乐会 
live concert 实况直播音乐会 
open-air concert 露天音乐会 
rock concert 摇滚音乐会 
symphony concert 交响音乐会 
concert ticket 音乐会门票 
concert tour 巡回音乐会 
a concert for charity 一场慈善音乐会

n. [C] 厘米（其缩写为cm）:
centimetre |['sentɪ,mi:tə]（美centimeter）
80 cm 80厘米

vt. 使某人或某事物朝某个方向移动:
vt. 驱赶（牲畜）:
vi. 某人或某事物朝某个方向移动:
n. [C] 共同栖居并吃食的一群同类动物，如兽群:
vt. 驱赶（牲畜）；牧放（牲畜、兽群）:
n. [C] [常贬] 同类的一大群人，如（缺乏独立思想的）一般民众，芸芸众生:
herd |[hɜ:d;美hɜ:rd]
They were herded together into trucks and driven away. 他们被一起赶上卡车开走了。
He began to herd the prisoners out. 他开始将犯人集中在一起赶出来。
A boy herded half a dozen camels down towards the water trough. 一个男孩赶着六头骆驼朝饮水槽走去。
We all herded on to the bus. 我们全都涌上了公共汽车。
national herd(= all the animals of a particular type in a country) （英）本国种群 
Bad weather has decimated the national herd. 恶劣的天气使得国内动物种群大批死亡。
beef, breeding, dairy herd 菜牛群；种畜群；乳牛群 
The farm has only a small dairy herd. 这座农场只有一小群奶牛。
pedigree herd（英）纯种畜群 
wild herd 野生动物群 
cattle, cow, elephant herd 牛群；奶牛群；象群 
The animals tend to graze in a herd. 这些动物喜欢成群地吃草。
a large herd of cows 一大群奶牛 
a herd of deer 一群鹿 
a member of a herd 畜群中的一只
a shepherd herding his flock 正在放羊的羊倌 
Stefano used a motor cycle to herd the sheep. 斯特凡诺骑一辆摩托车放羊。
A boy herded half a dozen camels down towards the water trough. 一个男孩赶着六头骆驼朝饮水槽走去。
She pushed her way through a herd of lunchtime drinkers. 她从一群午餐时饮酒的人中间挤了过去。
the common herd (= ordinary people) 普通百姓 
thundering herd（尤美）杰出的人 
They hired a thundering herd of corporate executives. 他们雇用了一群杰出的公司管理人员。
If you feel so strongly, why follow the herd(= do the same as everybody else). 既然你如此坚信自己的想法，为什么还要随大溜呢?
She prided herself on standing out from the common herd. 她为自己的出众而自豪。
herd instinct, herd mentality 群体本能；从众心理

vt.＆vi. 1 认为:
2 [尤英，非正式] 当认为某事可能属实时可用该词，如认为:
vt. 正等待（某人或某事的到来）（因为这已事先安排好了），如等待、期盼、盼望:
vt.＆vi. expect sth (of/from sb) 要求某人去做某事（因为此事乃某人职责或责任之所在），即要求，指望:
vt.＆vi. 1 认为某事将发生（或某人将做某事），即预料、预计、预期。是“预计”的常规用词:
2 [尤英，非正式] 当认为某事可能属实时可用该词，如认为、料想、猜想:
expect |[ɪk'spekt]
Do you really expect me to believe you? 你真以为我会相信你吗？
‘Will you be late?’ ‘I expect so.’ “你会迟到吗？”“我想会的。”
‘Who’s eaten all the cake?’ ‘Tom, I expect/I expect it was Tom.’ “谁把蛋糕都吃光了？”“我想是汤姆吧。”
We were expecting him yesterday. 我们昨天一直在等他。
She confidently expects to win. 她充满信心地期待着获胜。
My parents fully expect us to get married. 我父母满心指望我们结婚。
I was half expecting to see Jim at the concert. 我有些期待能在音乐会上见到吉姆。
Don’t expect sympathy from me! 休想得到我的同情！
You can’t expect to learn a foreign language in a few months. 不要指望在几个月内就能学会一门外语。
Her parents expected high standards from her. 她的父母对她的期望很高。
We are expected to work on Saturdays. 我们星期六要上班。
I expect to be paid promptly for the work. 我要求即时付工钱。
House prices are expected to rise sharply. 预计房价会急剧上涨。
I didn’t expect him to become a successful writer. 我没想到他会成为一个成功的作家。
‘Are you going out tonight?’ ‘I don’t expect so.’ “你今晚要出去吗？”“我想不会吧。”
‘Who’s eaten all the cake?’ ‘Tom, I expect.’ “谁把蛋糕都吃光了？”“我想是汤姆吧。”

n. [U] [物理学] 入射（角）:
n. [C, usually sing.] [正式] ~ of sth 某事（尤指坏事）的发生率:
incidence |[ˈɪnsɪdəns]
the angle of incidence 入射角
an area with a high incidence of crime 犯罪率高的地区 
the highest reported incidence of air pollution 有报告以来最高的空气污染发生率 
The incidence of breast cancer increases with age. 乳腺癌的发病率随年龄增长而递增。
the high incidence of child mortality 儿童的高死亡率 
There is a greater incidence of cancer in the families of radiation workers. 接触放射性物质的工作人员，其家属的癌症发病率要更高一些。
The country had the lowest incidence of AIDS cases proportional to its population. 相对于人口而言，该国艾滋病发病率是最低的。
The medical histories of our patients show a high incidence of past diseases. 我们的病人病历表明他们大都有既往病史。
They found an increased incidence of childhood leukaemia in some areas. 他们发现有些地区儿童白血病发病率上升。
We compared the incidence of coronary heart disease and total mortality. 我们把冠心病的发病率与总死亡率作了比较。
an incidence rate of 4 or 5 per 10 000 of the population 发生概率为每1万人中4至5人 
The study noted an increased incidence of heart disease in women.该研究发现女性心脏病发病率有所上升。

n. [C] 大事，尤指棘手的大事（或糟糕的大事）:
adj. [非正式] [只用于名词前] 庞大的、巨大的:
n. [C] 一个庞大（或丑陋）的动物:
n. [C] 一个庞大（或丑陋）的事物:
n. [C]（传说中虚构的又大又丑又吓人的）怪物、怪兽:
n. [C] 非常残忍而邪恶的一个人:
n. [C] [幽默] 调皮捣蛋的一个小孩子，即小坏蛋、小恶魔:
monster |[ˈmɒnstə(r);美ˈmɑ:n-]
the monster which is now the London marathon 目前棘手的大事，即伦敦马拉松赛 
the monster of apartheid 棘手的种族隔离制 
The government has created a bureaucratic monster. 政府制造了一个官僚主义大毒瘤。
He wanted to fight the monster of poverty. 他想和可怕的贫穷较量一番。
monster mushrooms 巨大的蘑菇 
a monster weapon 巨型武器 
The film will be a monster hit. 这部电影将会非常卖座。
Their dog's an absolute monster! 他们那条狗好大哟！
a monster with three heads 三头怪兽 
bug-eyed，hairy 眼睛暴凸的怪物；毛茸茸的怪物 
cheap sci-fi movies with bug-eyed monsters 充斥着暴眼怪物的劣质科幻片 
six-eyed monster 六眼怪物 
alien, mythical, prehistoric monster 外星怪物；神话中的怪物；史前怪物 
sea monster 海怪 
a barren wilderness inhabited by monsters 怪物栖身的一片荒野 
