precise				清晰的，精确的，恰好的
hollow					中空的，凹陷的，虚伪的，山谷
member					成员，构件
sometimes				有时
discover					查明，发现
recipient				接受者
spokesman				发言人，代言人
circumstance					状况，形势
agent						代理人，特工，动因
indispensable					不可或缺的
appreciate						感激，意识到，欣赏，升值
monthly				每月一次的
amid					在...中，环绕在...中
isolate				使脱离，隔离，使...孤立
poll						投票，获得，调查
cognitive			认知的
sequence			一系列，顺序
a sequence of		一连串
concept						概念
solve							解开，解决
barren			贫瘠的
revolve			旋转，反复掂量
revolve around		以某事物为中心
circuit					电路，环形，巡游
fraction			分数，一小部分
sane				神志正常的，明智的
carry							拿，运送，推进，具有
membership		会员资格，会费，会员人数
geology			地质学
certain					确定的，某，轻微的
indicate							表明，暗示
monotonous		乏味的，单调的
\\\\\\\\

adj.（尤指对于小细节）细心以使其精确的，如细致的，认真的，一丝不苟的，相当于meticulous。比exact要常用一些:
adj. 只用于名词前，用于强调某事发生在一个特定的时间，如恰好，就:
adj. 1 清晰且准确的，即确切的，精确的，明确的等，相当于exact:
2 只用于名词前，用于强调某事发生在一个特定的时间（或以特定的方式发生），如恰好，就:
precise |[prɪ'saɪs]
a skilled and precise worker 熟练而认真的工人 
precise movements 细微的动作 
She’s rather prim and precise.（贬义）她拘谨严肃，一丝不苟。
We were just talking about her when, at that precise moment, she walked in. 我们正谈论着她，恰好在这个时候，她走进来了。
precise details, precise instructions, precise measurements 确切的细节；明确的指令；精确的尺寸 
a precise definition 确切的定义 
mathematically, surgically, technically precise 数学上精确；手术上精确；技术上精确 
precise terms 准确的术语 
precise numbers 准确的数字 
I can be precise about the time of the incident. 我可以准确地说出这件事发生的时间。
These estimates will become more precise. 这些估测将更为准确。
We were just talking about her when, at that precise moment, she walked in. 我们正谈论着她，恰好在这个时候，她走进来了。
Doctors found it hard to establish the precise nature of her illness. 医生们难以判定她的确切病因。

adj. [常用于名词前]（声音）像是由中空物体发出的。如低沉的:
adj. 空心的、中空的:
adj. [常用于名词前] 不真诚的:
vt. 使凹陷:
n. [C] 凹陷处、低洼处:
adj.（在面部）凹陷的:
n. [C] 孔、洞、围起来的空间:
adj. [常用于名词前] 无真正价值的:
hollow |[ˈhɒləʊ;美ˈhɑ:loʊ]
a hollow groan 低沉的呻吟 
the hollow sound of a gunshot 空洞的枪响
hollow ball, hollow tube, hollow centre 中空的球；中空的管子；中空部位 
The tree trunk was hollow inside. 这树干里面是空的。
Her stomach felt hollow with fear. 她吓得魂不附体。
hollow promises, hollow threats 空洞的许诺；虚张声势的威胁 
a hollow laugh 干笑 
Their appeals for an end to the violence had a hollow ring. 他们要求停止使用暴力的呼吁并无诚意。
His promise rang hollow (= did not sound sincere). 他的承诺听起来并不真诚。          
The mule's back was hollowed by the weight of its burden. 骡背被重负压得塌下了。
her high, elegantly hollowed cheekbones 她凹陷有致的高颧骨
muddy hollows 泥泞的洼地 
where water gathers in a hollow and forms a pond 在那里水积聚在低洼处形成了池塘 
The village lay secluded in a hollow of the hills (= a small valley). 村子坐落在一个幽静的小山谷中。
She noticed the slight hollows under his cheekbones. 她注意到他颧骨下面的轻微凹陷。
hollow eyes, hollow cheeks 凹陷的双眼；凹陷的双颊 
hollow-eyed from lack of sleep 因缺乏睡眠而双眼凹陷的
The squirrel disappeared into a hollow at the base of the tree. 松鼠钻进了树根处的一个洞。
I made my home there, in the hollow of a dying elm. 我在一棵快要枯死的榆树的树洞里安了家。
the hollow of her throat 她的喉管           
to win a hollow victory 取得表面胜利 
a hollow man who's coasted on charm for far too long 长久以来一直依靠个人魅力取胜的肤浅之人

n. [C] member (of sth) 加入某一群体、俱乐部或团队的一个人、国家或组织，即成员，会员:
n. [C] member (of sth) 属于某个群体的一个人、动物或植物，即成员，分子:
n. [C] [旧时或文学] 身体部位，尤指胳膊或腿:
n. [C] 在英国，Member可指下议院（Parliament）的议员:
member |['membə]['membə]
member country, member state 成员国 
cabinet（尤英）, party member 内阁成员；党员 
union member 工会成员 
board, committee, jury, panel member 董事会成员；委员会成员；陪审团成员；专家小组成员 
church member 教会成员 
Subscriptions are cheaper for individual members. 个人会员的订阅费要便宜些。
all members of the species 这一物种中的所有个体 
key, senior member 关键成员；资深成员 
founding, original member 创始成员 
group, team member 小组成员；队员 
crew, staff member 机组人员；职工 
family, household member 家庭成员 
the Hon. Member for Brent North 布伦特北区议员阁下

adv. 有时，间或:
sometimes |['sʌmtaɪmz]
Sometimes I go by car. 有时我坐车去。
He sometimes writes to me. 他偶尔给我写封信。

vt. 1 成为第一个知道某地或某事物存在的人，即发现:
2 发现隐藏的某人或某事物；或发现本没想到会发现的东西:
3 常用被动式，成为第一个发现某人擅长歌唱、表演等并帮助其成功并出名的人，即发现人才:
vt. 了解到，知道，认识到某事物；查明关于某事物的信息；发现某个事实:
discover |[dɪs'kʌvə]
to discover an island 发现一座岛屿 
to discover a cure for AIDS 寻找治疗艾滋病的方法 
recently discovered evidence 新近发现的证据 
Police discovered a large stash of drugs while searching the house. 警方搜查这栋房子时发现里面藏有一大批毒品。
She was discovered dead at her home. 人们发现她死在家里。
The singer was discovered while still at school. 这个歌唱家在上学的时候就受到赏识了。
It was a terrible shock to discover the full extent of the problem. 发现这个问题如此严重实在令人震惊。
We never did discover why she gave up her job. 我们一直弄不清楚她为什么辞职。
It was later discovered that the diaries were a fraud. 后来查明这些日记是伪造的。
to discover the truth about his disappearance 找出他失踪的真相 
He was later discovered to be seriously ill. 后来才了解到他患了重病。
We soon discovered we’d been mistaken. 我们很快就发现是我们错了。

n. [C] [正式] 接受者；领受人:
recipient |[rɪˈsɪpiənt]
recipients of awards 领奖者 
He was the recipient of a distinguished service award. 他是杰出服务奖的获奖者。
She was not the intended recipient of the reward. 她并不是预期获奖人。
He was a worthy recipient of the Nobel Prize. 他获得诺贝尔奖可谓实至名归。
the ultimate recipient of the money 最终得到钱的人 
the largest recipient of American foreign aid 美国对外援助的最大受惠者 
award, grant, scholarship recipient（均尤美）获奖人；受赠者；奖学金获得者 
We are passive recipients of information from the world around us. 我们被动地接收周围世界的信息。
Our 1 000th member will be the lucky recipient of a mystery gift. 我们的第1，000 名会员将有幸获得一份神秘礼物。
benefit（英）, welfare（尤美）受益人；接受福利救济者 
A suppressed immune system puts a transplant recipient at risk of other infections. 接受器官移植的病人免疫系统受到抑制后很可能会感染其他疾病。
the difficulties of matching a donor kidney with the most suitable recipient 把供体肾配给最适合的受体的困难 
organ, transplant recipient 器官接受者；移植接受者

n. [C] spokesman (for sb/sth) 代表一个组织进行发言的人:
n. [C] spokesman (for sb/sth) 代表一个组织进行发言的人:
spokesman |['spəʊksmən]['spəʊksmən]
a police spokesman 警方发言人
a police spokesman 警方发言人 
a spokesman for the government 政府发言人

n. [C, usually pl.] 与某个情况、事件或行动相关的条件（也可指对该情况、事件或行动产生影响的条件）:
n. 1 [C, usually pl.] 与某个情况、事件或行动相关的环境（也可指对该情况、事件或行动产生影响的环境）:
2 [U] [正式] 对你的生活产生影响并不受你控制的一些情况或事件，可称为客观环境:
n. [pl.] circumstances 可指一个人的生活条件或状况（尤指其经济条件或状况）:
n. [C, usually pl.] 情况:
circumstance |['sə:kəmstəns]
The company reserves the right to cancel this agreement in certain circumstances. 本公司保留在一定条件下取消这项协议的权利。
The ship sank in mysterious circumstances. 那艘船神秘地沉没了。
She died in rather suspicious circumstances. 她死得相当蹊跷。
changing social and political circumstances 正在变化的社会和政治环境 
The plan might work better with more favourable/favorable circumstances. 如果客观环境有所改善，这个计划实施起来效果可能更好。
victim of circumstance 客观环境的牺牲品
Grants are awarded according to your financial circumstances. 补助金根据经济状况发放。
family, personal circumstances 家庭经济状况；个人经济状况 
desperate circumstances 捉襟见肘的境况 
comfortable circumstances 宽裕的经济状况 
adverse, difficult, tragic circumstances 逆境；困境；悲惨的境遇
in normal circumstances 正常情况下 
in any circumstance 在任何情况下 
suspicious circumstances 可疑的情况 
true circumstances 真实情况 
extreme circumstance 极端情况 
the extenuating circumstances 可减轻罪行的情况 
Only if the circumstances are exceptional will we accept late applications. 除非特殊情况，否则我们不接受逾期申请。

n. [C] 商业、政治等的代理人或经纪人（即代表该组织与其他人打交道的一个人）:
n. [C] [正式] 对一种情况产生重要影响的一个人或事物:
n. [C] 演员、音乐人等的代理人或经纪人（负责与外界打交道）。是此义的一个基础用词:
n. [C] [术语]（产生作用、变化或用作某一用途的）化学剂或化学物质:
n. [C] 演员、音乐人、运动员、作家等的代理人或经纪人（负责与外界打交道）:
n. [C] 专指政府的特工、特务或间谍。在词义本质上，agent与spy几无区别，但agent在公开场合和非公开场合均可使用，（如一国政府常把为本国从事这项工作的人对外称为agent，此时词义色彩比较中性；但外国尤其是敌对国对该国的这些人则可称为spy，此时词义色彩含有贬义）而spy则始终是一种secret agent，强调隐蔽性:
n. [sing.] 动作的发出者，即施动者:
agent |['eɪdӡənt]
booking, ticket, travel agent 预订代理人；票务代理商；旅行代办商 
advertising, publicity agent 广告代理人；广告员 
estate（英）, real estate（美）agent 房地产经纪人 
insurance agent 保险代理人 
local agents 当地代理商 
an agent for a shipping company 一家航运公司的代理商 
parliamentary agent（英）受托在议会为党派效力的议员 
border-patrol, law enforcement agent 边境巡逻人员；执法人员
The charity is an agent for social change. 这个慈善组织是推动社会变革的力量。
human, moral, rational agent 人类的力量；道德的力量；理性的力量 
I told him I couldn’t stop him and that he was a free agent. 我告诉他我无法阻止他，他有行动自由。
theatrical agent 剧院经纪人 
talent agent 星探
cleaning agents, oxidizing agents 去污剂；氧化剂
theatrical agent 剧院经纪人 
literary, sports, talent agent 文稿出版代理人；体育经纪人；星探
intelligence agent 情报人员 
enemy, foreign agent 敌探；外国特工 
federal, government agent 联邦特工；政府特工 
secret, special, undercover agent 密探；特务 
double agent 双重间谍

~ (for sth/for doing sth) 太重要以致于不可或缺的，即必不可少的:
indispensable |[ˌɪndɪˈspensəbl]
adj. ~ (to sb/sth) 
Cars have become an indispensable part of our lives. 汽车已成了我们生活中必不可少的一部分。
She made herself indispensable to the department. 她成为这个部门不可缺少的一分子。
A good dictionary is indispensable for learning a foreign language. 一本好词典是学习外语必备的。
She was becoming indispensable to him. 他已变得越来越离不开她了。
the indispensable guide for any traveller in France 在法国对任何游客来说都不可缺少的向导 
He had soon made himself indispensable. 他很快就使自己成为不可或缺的人物。
Written sources are considered absolutely indispensable for today's history teaching. 对于今天的历史教学来说，书面资料被认为是绝对必需的。
These drugs are almost indispensable in the fight against the disease. 这些药物对治疗这种疾病几乎是不可缺少的。
skills which turned out to be indispensable to her career 证明对她的事业必不可少的技能

vt. 欣赏（某人或某事物的好品质）。是此义的常规用词，最为常用:
vt. 对某人所做的某事表示感激；欢迎某事（其宾语是事情）。相对正式:
vt. 理解、领会（真实的东西），相当于realize:
vi.（经过一段时间而）价值上升，即升值，增值，与depreciate相反:
vt. 意识到（真实的东西），相当于realize:
vt. 知道（真实的东西）:
appreciate |[ə'pri:ʃɪeɪt]
to appreciate literature 欣赏文学作品 
to appreciate music 欣赏音乐 
His talents are not fully appreciated in that company. 他的才干在那家公司未受到充分赏识。
Her family doesn’t appreciate her. 她的家人不重视她。
Teachers will especially appreciate the lists at the back of the book. 老师会特别关注书后面的列表。
We do really appreciate your help. 我们对您的帮助深表感谢。
Your support is greatly appreciated. 十分感谢您的支持。
I would appreciate it if you paid in cash. 假如您用现金付款的话，我会不胜感激。
We would appreciate you letting us know of any problems. 如有任何问题，请告诉我们。
I don’t appreciate being treated like a second-class citizen. 我不愿被人当作二等公民。
I fully appreciate your concern. We will do all in our power to help. 我完全能体会你的担心。我们将尽全力帮忙。
The problems should be easily appreciated. 这些问题应该很容易理解。
Their investments have appreciated over the years. 他们的投资这些年来已经增值。
What I failed to appreciate was the distance between the two cities. 我没有意识到这两座城市间的距离。
We didn’t fully appreciate that he was seriously ill. 我们没有充分认识到他的病情很严重。
It is generally appreciated that the rail network needs a complete overhaul. 众所周知，铁路网需要彻底检修。
I don’t think you appreciate how expensive it will be. 我想你不知道它会有多昂贵。

Monthly quantities or rates relate to a period of one month. 每月的
You can refer to a publication that is published monthly as a monthly. 月刊
Monthly is also an adverb. 每月地; 每月一次地
A monthly event or publication happens or appears every month. 每月的; 每月一次的
monthly |英 ['mʌnθlɪ]  美 ['mʌnθli]| adj. 每月的，每月一次的；有效期为一个月的/n. 月刊/adv. 每月，每月一次/
Consumers are charged a monthly fee above their basic cable costs.消费者每月被收取高于基本有线费的一笔费用。
...a satirical monthly.…一份讽刺月刊。
In some areas the property price can rise monthly.有些地区，房价能每月都涨。
Kidscape runs monthly workshops for teachers.基德思加坡为教师举行每月一次的研讨会。
Many people are now having trouble making their monthly house payments.现在许多人都有支付按月房贷的困难。


If something happens amid noises or events of some kind, it happens while the other things are happening. 在…当中
amid |英 [ə'mɪd]  美 [ə'mɪd]| prep. 在其中，在其间/n. (Amid)人名；(法、阿拉伯)阿米德/
Workers are sifting through the wreckage of the airliners amid growing evidence that the disasters were the work of terrorists.在越来越多证据证明这些灾难是恐怖分子所为的同时，工人们正在仔细检查那些客机的残骸。


vt. ~ sb/yourself/sth (from sb/sth) 将人（如病人、生病的动物、囚犯等）进行隔离，是一种地理意义上的隔离:
vt. ~ sb/yourself/sth (from sb/sth) 将人、组织机构等与其他人、组织机构等隔离开来，也可称为“使…陷于孤立”，是一种社会意义上的隔离，即让两者缺乏社会联系:
vt. ~ sth (from sth) 分离出情况、问题、想法等以供单独考察或应对:
vt. ~ sth (from sth) [术语] 从…中分离出物质、细胞等以供研究:
isolate |[ˈaɪsəleɪt]
Patients will be isolated from other people for between three days and one month after treatment. 治疗结束后,病人将与其他人隔离3天到1个月的时间。
You don't have to isolate them from the community. 你没必要把他们与社区隔离。
He was immediately isolated from the other prisoners. 他被立刻与其他囚犯隔离开来。
When he was thinking out a problem Tweed's habit was never to isolate himself in his room. 思考问题的时候,特威德从来没有把自己关在房间里的习惯。
This decision will isolate the country from the rest of Europe. 这一决定会将该国与欧洲其他地方隔离开来。
This policy could isolate the country from the other permanent members of the United Nations Security Council. 这一政策可能会使该国孤立于联合国安全理事会其他常任理事国之外。
Political influence is being used to shape public opinion and isolate critics. 政治影响正被用来左右公众舆论,使批评家们陷于孤立。
His radicalism and refusal to compromise isolated him. 他的激进主义与拒绝妥协使他受到孤立。
It is possible to isolate a number of factors that contributed to her downfall. 可以找出造成她垮台的一些因素。
Our anxieties can also be controlled by isolating thoughts, feelings and memories. 我们也可以通过将一些想法、感情与记忆分开考虑以控制焦虑情绪。
attempts to isolate a single factor as the cause of the decline of Britain 试图分离出一种因素作为英国衰退的原因 
We can use genetic engineering techniques to isolate the gene that is responsible. 我们可以使用基因工程技术把相关基因分离出来。
to isolate virus 分离出病毒 
Researchers have isolated a new protein from the seeds of poppies. 研究人员已经从罂粟种子里分离出一种新的蛋白质。

vt. [常用被动式] 对…进行民意调查:
n. [C]（也可用opinion poll）民意测验、民意调查:
n. 1 [C]（也可用复数形式的polls）选举中的投票过程、计票过程、投票地点；也可指政治选举:
2 [sing.] 选举中的投票数:
vt.&vi. 选举中获得票数:
poll |[pəʊl;美poʊl]
Over 50% of those polled were against the proposed military action. 民调中有超过50%的人反对拟议的军事行动。
More than 18,000 people were polled. 超过1.8万人接受了民意测验。
Audiences were going to be polled on which of three pieces of contemporary music they liked best. 将对观众进行民意调查，询问他们在3部当代音乐作品中最喜欢哪一部。
It was a disappointing result for the Greens who polled three percent. 这个结果让绿党感到失望，他们只获得了3%的选票。
The result showed he had polled enough votes to force a second ballot. 结果显示，他已获得了足够把对手拖入二次投票的票数。
to carry out a poll 进行民意测验 
opinion poll 民意测验 
political, popularity poll 政治民意测验；声望民意测验 
tracking poll（美）跟踪调查 
The latest tracking poll shows the Democrats leading by four percentage points. 最新跟踪调查显示，民主党领先四个百分点。
pre-election poll 大选前的民意测验 
exit poll（在投票站出口处进行的）投票后民意测验 
Exit polls suggest a big Labour majority, but the true picture will only be known after the count. 投票后民意调查表明，绝大多数人投了该党的票，不过真实情况要等计票后才能知晓。
informal, straw poll 非正式民意测验 
I took a straw poll among my colleagues to find out how many can use chopsticks. 我在同事中间作了一个调查，看多少人会用筷子。
magazine, online, telephone poll 杂志调查；在线调查；电话调查 
The party is leading in the polls. 该党在民意测验中领先。
I don't read opinion polls. 我不看民意调查。
Have you seen the latest poll? 你看到最新的民意调查了吗？
The poll asked voters what was the most important moral issue that affect their vote. 该调查询问选民什么是影响他们投票的最重要的道德问题。
poll numbers, poll rating, poll results 民意调查数字；民意调查评分；民意调查结果 
The president's poll numbers are sinking fast in the West. 在西方，总统的民调数字正在快速下降。
poll data on consumer attitudes 消费观念的民意调查数据 
the results generated by the poll question 由民意调查的问题得出的结论 
poll watcher（美）民意调查观察员 
Only 22% of poll respondents say they have a positive opinion of him. 只有22%的民意调查受访者说他们看好他。
success in the polls 民意调查中获得的成功 
With a week to go until polling day, the Conservatives are still behind in the polls. 距投票日还有一星期，该党在民意调查中仍然落后 
Clearer policies might have widened our lead in the polls. 更清晰的政策可能会扩大我们在民意调查中的领先优势。
A recent poll suggests some surprising changes in public opinion. 最近的调查反映民意有了出人意表的变化。
Polls show that the European treaty has gained support in Denmark. 民意测验显示该欧盟条约已在丹麦获得支持。
We are doing a weekly poll on the president, and clearly his popularity has declined. 我们每周就总统进行一次民意调查，很显然他的支持率下降了。
The final result of the poll will be known tomorrow. 投票结果将于明天公布。
Thursday is traditionally the day when Britain goes to the polls (= when elections are held). 英国传统的投票选举日是星期四。
Polls close (= voting ends) at 9 p.m. 投票于晚上9点结束。
In 1945, Winston Churchill was defeated at the polls. 温斯顿·丘吉尔在1945年的大选中被击败。
Voters are due to go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president. 选民应于星期日前往投票站选举新总统。
Counting will begin as soon as the polls close. 选举投票一结束就将开始计票。
She was defeated at the polls. 她在选举投票中落败了。
Labour is ahead in the poll. 工党的得票数领先。
They gained 20% of the poll. 他们得到了20%的选票。
They polled 39% of the vote in the last election. 在上届选举中，他们获得了39%的选票。
The Republicans have polled well (= received many votes) in recent elections. 共和党在最近的选举中得票数都很漂亮。

relating to cognition:关于认知
cognitive |ˈkɒɡnɪtɪv| Adjective/:,认知
the cognitive processes involved in reading:阅读涉及的认知过程

n. 1 [C, U]（事件、行动的）顺序、次序:
Complete the following sequence: 1, 4, 8, 13 … 完成以下序列:
2 [C] 基因的序列:
vt. [术语] 按顺序排列:
vt. [生物学] 测定（整套基因或分子成分的）序列:
n. [C]（电影中表现同一主题或场面的）连续的一组镜头:
n. [C]（有特定顺序并导致某种结果的）一系列、一连串（事件、行动、数字等）:
sequence |[ˈsi:kwəns]
The tasks had to be performed in a particular sequence. 这些任务必须按一定次序去执行。
Number the pages in sequence. 按顺序标出页码。
These pages are out of sequence. 这几页排错了次序。
the colour sequence yellow, orange, purple, blue, green and white 黄、橙、紫、蓝、绿、白的颜色顺序 
The chronological sequence gives the book an element of structure. 时间顺序让这本书有了一定的结构。
random sequence 逻辑顺序；随机顺序 
a basic blues chord sequence 基础布鲁斯和弦 
Repeat the entire sequence at least three times. 请从头到尾重复至少三遍。
We had to follow a complex sequence of movements. 我们必须按顺序完成一连串的复杂动作。
The book is more satisfying if you read each chapter in sequence. 这本书依次阅读各章效果更好。
This article is out of sequence and belongs on page 57, 这篇文章排错了顺序，应该在57页。
The project is nothing less than mapping every gene sequence in the human body. 这个项目就是要绘制人体所有基因序列的图谱。
the complete DNA sequence of the human genome 人体基因组的完整 DNA 序列 
amino acid, protein sequence 氨基酸序列；蛋白质序列 
DNA, gene, genetic, genome sequence 脱氧核糖核酸序列；基因序列；遗传序列；染色体序列
The human genome has now been sequenced. 人类基因组的序列现已测定。
opening sequence 开场 
climatic, closing, final sequence 高潮；结尾；终场 
The movie includes a few exciting action sequences. 这部影片有几组激动人心的动作场景。
There were some very impressive underwater sequences. 有一些令人印象深刻的水下拍摄的镜头。
dance, musical sequence 舞蹈片段；音乐片段 
action, battle, chase, fight sequence 动作场景；战斗场景；追逐场景；搏斗场景 
The movie begins with an extended car-chase sequence. 影片开始是一大段汽车追逐戏。
animated sequence 动画镜头 
dream, fantasy, flashback sequence 梦境片段；幻想片段；倒序片段 
credit, title sequence 演职人员字幕；电影片头字幕 
the opening credit sequence 片头字幕 
This sequence features some impressive skydiving action. 这组镜头包含震撼人心的特技跳伞场景。
a dream sequence involving the central character working on the Titanic 一组表现主人公梦见自己在“泰坦尼克”号上工作的镜头 
The heroine dies in the closing sequence of the movie. 女主人公在影片的结尾场景中死去。
The best sequence in the film occurs when Roth stops at a house he used to live in. 电影中最棒的一组镜头出现于罗思在他曾住过的一幢屋子前驻足时。
He described the sequence of events leading up to the robbery. 他描述了抢劫案发生前的一系列有关情况。
the sequence of events which led to the murder 导致谋杀发生的一连串事件 
a dazzling sequence of novels by John Updike 约翰·厄普代克令人惊叹的系列小说 
unbeaten, winning（均英）sequence 一连串的不败；一连串的胜利 
a remarkable winning sequence of games 引人注目的一连串比赛胜利 
losing sequence（英）一连串失利 
The Shakers ended an eight-game losing sequence by defeating Swabsea City 2-0. 震动器队以2比0打败斯旺西城市队，结束了八连败。

concept (that ...) 概念，观念。是此义的常规用词:
concept |['kɒnsept]
the concept of social class 社会等级的概念 
abstract, theoretical concept 抽象概念；理论概念 
business, design, legal, mathematical, scientific concept 商业理念；设计理念；法律观念；数学概念；科学概念

vt. 找到一种方法来解决一个问题或处理一个不利局面，即解决，处理:
vt. 为某事找到正确的答案或解释，即解答、破解:
solve |[sɒlv;美sɑ:lv]
Attempts are being made to solve the problem of waste disposal. 正在想办法解决废物处理的问题。
Their domestic reforms did nothing to solve the problem of unemployment. 他们的国内改革未能解决失业问题。
to solve an equation, to solve a puzzle, to solve a riddle 解方程；解难题；解谜 
to solve a crime, to solve a mystery 破案；解开奥秘 
We may now be able to get a much better idea of the true age of the universe, and solve one of the deepest questions of our origins. 现在，我们也许能够更加清楚地了解宇宙生成的年代，并且解答关于人类起源最为深奥的问题之一。

adj. [常用于名词前] 不会产生有用（或成功）的结果的:
adj.（一间屋子或一个地方）几乎没有家具或其它物品（因而令人讨厌的）:
adj. 1（花草树木）不结果实的:
2 [旧时，非正式]（女子或雌性动物）不孕的:
adj.（土地或土壤）贫瘠的，不利于植物生长的:
barren |[ˈbærən]
The team will come through this barren patch and start to win again. 这个队将会在经历这段低潮时期之后再创佳绩。
the player, who ended a 14-month barren spell by winning the Tokyo event in October 这名选手赢得了10月的东京赛事，终结了长达14个月不胜的魔咒 
politics that are banal and barren of purpose 陈腐无用的政见
The room was austere, nearly barren of furniture or decoration. 房间非常简朴，几乎没有任何家具和装饰。
Six stale loaves of brown bread formed a dark blot on the otherwise barren shelves. 六条变质的黑面包在原本空荡荡的架子上堆出了一个黑点儿。       
He prayed that his barren wife would one day have a child. 他祈祷自己不孕的妻子有朝一日能怀上宝宝。
a three-year-old barren mare 一匹不孕的三岁母马           
a barren desert 不毛的沙漠 
a barren landscape (= one that is empty, with few plants) 寸草不生的荒凉景色 
the country's landscape of high barren mountains 该国草木稀少的高山地貌 
The years of growing cotton had made the land completely barren. 多年种植棉花使这片土地贫瘠不堪。

When something revolves or when you revolve it, it moves or turns in a circle around a central point or line. 使旋转; 旋转
If one object revolves around another object, the first object turns in a circle around the second object. 围绕…转
If a discussion or conversation revolves around a particular topic, it is mainly about that topic. 围绕 (某个主题)
If you say that one thing revolves around another thing, you mean that the second thing is the main feature or focus of the first thing. 以…为中心
revolve |英 [rɪ'vɒlv]  美 [rɪ'vɔlv]| vi. 旋转；循环出现；反复考虑/vt. 使…旋转；使…循环；反复考虑/n. 旋转；循环；旋转舞台/
Overhead, the fan revolved slowly.头顶上，电扇缓慢地旋转着。
The satellite revolves around the earth once every hundred minutes.该人造卫星每100分钟绕地球旋转一圈。
The debate revolves around specific accounting techniques.这场讨论围绕具体的会计技巧。
Since childhood, her life has revolved around tennis.从孩提时代起，她的生活就一直以网球为中心。


n. [C] 巡回性的娱乐活动，此时与tour未见明显差别:
n. [C] 电路:
n. [C] 巡回性的事件或活动:
n. [C] 体育运动中的巡回赛。是此义的常规用词:
n. [C] 环形赛车道:
n. [C] 巡回性的教学活动:
n. [C] 法官在某一地区的各个法院所进行的审判，即巡回审判:
n. [C] 环绕着一个地方的一条线路:
circuit |['sə:kit]['sə:kɪt]
comedy, festival circuit 喜剧巡演；节日巡演
a short circuit 短路 
closed circuit 闭路 
integrated, printed circuit 集成电路；印刷电路 
electrical, electronic circuit 电路；电子电路 
circuit diagram 电路图
international, world circuit 国际巡演；世界巡演 
comedy, festival, lecture, tennis circuit 喜剧巡演；节日巡演；巡回讲座；网球巡回赛
the women’s tennis circuit 女子网球巡回赛
lecture circuit 巡回讲座
a lap of a city centre circuit 环绕城中心一圈 
We did a complete circuit of the park in twenty minutes. 我们在二十分钟内绕公园转了一整圈儿。

n. [C] 小部分、少量、一点儿:
n. [C] [数学] 分数:
fraction |[ˈfrækʃn]
Only a small fraction of a bank's total deposits will be withdrawn at any one time. 任何时候，一家银行的总存款只有少量会被提取。
She hesitated for a fraction of a second before responding. 她在回答之前犹豫了一下。
Here's how to eat like the stars, at a fraction of the cost. 这就是如何花少量钱却能像明星一样吃喝的方法。
Why not grow your own fruit at a fraction of the price? 你为什么不自己种水果？比这个价格要便宜很多。
The average income is high, though many people earn just a fraction of that average. 虽然人均收入很高，但是很多人只挣到了平均收入的一小部分。
A mere fraction of available wind energy is currently utilized. 目前可用风能中只有一小部分得到了利用。
The students had a grasp of decimals, percentages and fractions. 学生们掌握了小数、百分数和分数。
vulgar fraction（英）普通分数 
decimal fraction 小数 11/8 is an improper fraction, equivalent to one and three-eighths. 11/8是个假分数，相当于一又八分之三。
Express 25% as a fraction. 把25%写成分数。       

adj.（制度等）合理的:
adj. 1 精神健全的，神志正常的:
2（人、行为等）明智的、合理的:
sane |[seɪn]
a sane and safe energy policy 安全合理的能源政策 
the sane way to solve the problem 解决问题的合理方法
She seems perfectly sane to me. 在我看来，她神志清醒着呢。
Having that little bit of time to myself is what keeps me sane. 正是有那点儿独处的时间才使我能保持头脑清醒。
Being able to get out of the city at the weekend keeps me sane. 要不是能出城过过周末，我简直快憋疯了。
It wasn't the act of a sane person. 心智健全的人做不出这种事来。
No sane person would do that. 没有一个神志正常的人会做那样的事。
No sane person wishes to see conflict or casualties. 理智的人都不愿意看到冲突或伤亡。
the sane way to solve the problem 解决问题的明智方法

vt. 常用被动式，指获得多数票的支持（或赞成）而通过（一场辩论、一项提案或一个动议或决议等）。是一个简单用词:
vt. 为某事承担责任；承受…的结果:
vt. 承受（或支撑）…的重量，即承载:
vt. 1 携带（即在一个时间段内承受着…的重量并将其从一地带到另一地；也可不强调承受…的重量，此时专指把…从一地带到另一地）:
2 随身携带着:
3 carry sth/sb to/into sth 把…带到某一个点上，或把…朝某个方向推进:
vt. 扔（或踢）到某个距离。是一个简单用词:
vt. 具有某种结果或后果，即带来:
vt. 1 具有…，例如具有某种品质或特点:
2 贴有某个标签，或附有某则信息:
vt. 保持自己的某种姿势；或做出某种姿势:
 把想法或方法发挥（或运用）到某种程度:
vt. 加法中可指（向左）进位:
vt. 向某人传达谢意等信息:
vt. 指广播发布一则报导，即播出、报道:
vt. carry sth in your head/mind 能记住…，或能回想起…:
vt. carry sth in your head/mind 指能回想起…:
 把想法或方法发挥（或运用）到某种程度:
vi.（声音）传播得很远:
vt. 传播（花粉等）:
vt. 赢得某人的支持或同情；劝说某人接受你的论点:
vt. 指报纸发布一则报导，即刊登。也是一个简单用词:
vt. be carrying sb 可表示怀孕、怀胎:
vt. 指人、动物、昆虫等携带致病源而传播疾病。是一个简单的基础用词，也算常用:
vt. 指商店出售商品，强调商品的正常供应:
vt. 管道或线路输送液体（如水、油、血液等）、气体、电等:
carry |['kærɪ]
A proposal backing its environmental policy has been carried by 230 votes to 120. 一项支持其环境政策的提案以230票对120票获得通过。
to carry the department 支撑着该部门 
to carry the burden of profit losses 承担利润损失（的结果）
to carry a lot of traffic 承载很多来往车辆
The injured of the accident was carried away. 事故中的伤者被抬走了。
to carry the heavy box 搬重箱子 
The shuttle carried passengers to the city center. 班车将乘客运送至市中心。
to carry a mobilephone 带着手机 
to carry guns 配枪 
to carry some money 带一些钱 
The advertising campaign has been carried into the land of the company’s opponent. 广告活动已经推进到了这家公司竞争对手的地盘。
His talent carried him to the top of his field. 他的天赋使他在本领域内成为执牛耳者。
the kick carried 30 metres into the goal 球被踢出30米，进入球门
to carry no risk for sth 对…不造成危险 
to carry heavy penalties 受到严惩 
to be carried the death penalty 被处以死刑
The product carries a three-year guarantee. 该产品质保三年。
to carry the ring of authority 带着权威的口吻 
The bottle carries a health warning. 瓶子上标注着有害健康的警告。
to carry a label 贴有一个标签 
to carry yourself well 姿势正确 
She carried themselves with great pride and dignity. 她端着非常骄傲和高贵的姿态。
He carried the idea to extremes. 他把这个想法发挥到了极致。
to carry a message of thank to sb 向某人传达谢意
He carried the idea to extremes. 他把这个想法发挥到了极致。
The sound carried far. 那个声音传得很远。
to carry the pollen from plant to plant 在植物之间传播花粉
to carry the audience 赢得听众（或观众）的支持 
His words have carried his point. 他的话已收到效果。
The paper carried his photograph. 那份报纸刊登了他的照片。 
She was carrying twins. 她怀上了双胞胎。
to carry the virus 携带病毒 
to carry a disease 传播疾病
We carry a wide range of snacks. 本店出售各种各样的零食。
to carry oil to the city 向该城市输油 
to carry blood to the heart 把血液输送到心脏

n. 1 [U] [英，美]（某个团体、俱乐部、组织机构等的）会员资格、成员资格:
2 [C]（统称）会员、成员；会员人数、成员数:
membership |[ˈmembəʃɪp;美-bərʃ-]
Who is eligible to apply for membership of the association? 谁有资格申请加入这个协会？
membership card, membership fee 会员卡；会费 
membership list 会员名单 
membership requirements 会员资格要求 
membership drive（尤美）会员活动 
The country has also been granted membership of the World Trade Organisation. 这个国家也被准予加入世界贸易组织。
He sent me a membership form. 他寄给我一份入会登记表。
association, board, church, class, club, community, family, gang, gym, party, union membership 协会会员资格；董事会成员资格；教友身份；班级成员资格；俱乐部会籍；团体成员资格；家族成员身份；团伙成员身份；健身会所会员资格；党籍；工会会籍 
to apply for union membership 申请加入工会 
She eventually stopped active membership in the group. 她最后不再是小组的活跃成员了。
individual membership 个人会员资格 
The general membership had called for her to step down. 广大成员要求她下台。
student membership 学生会员（身份）
Individual student memberships cost about as much as the average movie.学生个人会员费大约相当于看一场普通电影的费用。
The membership has/have not yet voted. 会员还没有进行投票。
The club has a membership of more than 500. 俱乐部的会员人数超过了500名。
The European Builders Confederation has a membership of over 350,000 building companies. 欧洲建筑商联合会拥有逾35万家建筑公司会员。
organizations with huge memberships 会员队伍庞大的组织

n. [sing.] 某地区的地质状况（即其岩石和土壤的起源和历史）:
n. [U] 地质学:
geology |[dʒiˈɒlədʒi;美-ˈɑ:l-]
the geology of the British Isles 不列颠群岛的地质 
an expert on the geology of southeast Asia 研究东南亚地质状况的专家
He was visiting professor of geology at the University of Jordan. 他是约旦大学的地质学客座教授。
marine geology 海洋地质学 
engineering geology 工程地质学 
the science of geology 地质科学

adj. 1 用于提及某个事物、人或群组（而不提及关于其的更多细节），即某事，某事物，某人，某种:
2 [正式] 与一个人的名字连用，以表示说话者不认识该人，即某某，某位，一位叫…的:
pron. [正式] certain of ... 用于谈及（一组人或事物中）未给出名字的那些成员，即某些:
certain (of sth/of doing sth) 能够依赖其发生或属实的，即确实，确定，肯定:
certain (of/about sth) 坚定地相信某事，没有怀疑，即确信，确定无疑:
adj. 轻微的，微小的，显而易见却难以描述的:
certain |['sə:tn]
For certain personal reasons I shall not be able to attend. 由于某些个人原因，我将不能出席。
Certain people might disagree with this. 某些人对这事可能不会赞同。
It was a certain Dr Davis who performed the operation. 是一位叫戴维斯的医生做的手术。
Certain of those present were unwilling to discuss the matter further. 某些在场的人不愿意进一步讨论这个问题。
adj. 1 certain (that ...) 
certain (to do sth) 
It is certain that they will agree. 他们肯定会同意。
She looks certain to win an Oscar. 看来奥斯卡金像奖非她莫属。
The climbers face certain death if the rescue today is unsuccessful. 救援行动如果今天不能成功，登山队员必死无疑。
2 certain (that ...) 
She wasn’t certain (that) he had seen her. 她不敢肯定他见过她。
To my certain knowledge he was somewhere else at the time. 我敢肯定他当时在别处。
Make certain that you lock the door if you go out. 如果你出门，一定要把门锁好。
to a certain extent 在一定程度上 
There was a certain coldness in her manner. 她的态度有点冷淡。

vt. indicate sb/sth (to sb)（尤指通过将头指向或移向某个方向而）使某人注意到…，即指示出:
vt. 成为…的标志，或表明某事可能（或很可能）发生，即象征，预示等:
vt.（不用通过言语的方式）显示信息:
vt.＆vi. 表明（某事属实或存在）。是一个常规用词，极为常用:
vt.（测量仪器）显示某一量度:
vt. [正式] 常用被动式，有必要；或被建议（常因为有必要而被建议）:
vt. indicate sth (to sb) 提及某事（尤指间接提及），即暗示，示意:
vt. indicate sb/sth (to sb)（尤指通过将头指向或移向某个方向而）使某人注意到…，即指示出:
vt.＆vi. [英]（用灯光或手臂）表明你的交通工具要改变方向，即打行车转向信号，相当于signal:
vt. 以书面的形式给出信息，即写出，写明，注明:
indicate |['ɪndɪkeɪt]
He indicated where the furniture was to go. 他指示家具要如何摆放。
A red sky at night often indicates fine weather the next day. 夜空呈红色往往预示第二天天气晴朗。
Early results indicate that the government will be returned to power. 早期的结果预示该政府将重新执政。
The results are indicated in Table 2. 结果列在表2中。
These figures indicate to me that the company is in serious trouble. 这些数字使我意识到该公司处境艰难。
Expense does not necessarily indicate worth. 费用未必能反映价值。
Research indicates that eating habits are changing fast. 研究显示，饮食习惯正迅速改变。
This sign usually indicates a pedestrian zone. 这个符号通常表示步行区域。
He has declared support for women, but his actions have indicated otherwise. 他嘴上声称支持妇女，但其行为却正相反。
The temperature gauge indicates 90˚F. 温度计显示90华氏度。
A course of chemotherapy was indicated. 建议进行化疗。
He indicated his willingness to cooperate. 他透露出了合作的意愿。
She indicated the quickest route on a map. 她在地图上给我们指出了最快捷的路线。
Always indicate before moving into another lane. 开入其它车道前一定要打转向灯。
He indicated left and then turned right. 他打出的是左转信号，然后却向右转了。
You are allowed 20kgs of baggage unless indicated otherwise on your ticket. 除非票上另有注明，否则可携带行李为20公斤。
Please indicate clearly which colour you require. 请标明您要求的颜色。

Something that is monotonous is very boring because it has a regular, repeated pattern which never changes. 单调的
monotonous |英 [mə'nɒt(ə)nəs]  美 [mə'nɑtənəs]| adj. 单调的，无抑扬顿挫的；无变化的/
It's monotonous work, like most factory jobs.这是个单调的工作，和大多数工厂工作一样。

